multiplying sla performance & productivity for the factory of tomorrow
alpine f1 team advances energy and fluid management with titanium printed hydraulic accumulator
how to evaluate additive manufacturing materials for production
last updated: november 10th, 2021
3d systems corporation and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, "3d systems") respect your concerns about privacy. this online privacy notice (the "notice") applies to personal data we collect on www.3dsystems.com (the "site") and our customers. the notice describes the types of personal data we obtain, how we use the personal data, with whom we share it and the choices available to you regarding our use of the information. we also describe measures we take to protect the security of the information, the rights you may have and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
3d systems corporation is the entity responsible with respect to personal data that we collect through the site. please see the "how to contact us" section below for further information.
if you are a california consumer, for more information about your privacy rights, please see the section of this privacy policy called "california consumer privacy statement."
click on one of the links below to jump to the listed section:
the types of personal data we may obtain include:
personal data that you provide directly to us will be apparent from the context in which you provide it, for example:
each form on our site varies in the information required and collected. in most cases, an asterisk (*) indicates the required information on a form. you may choose to provide additional information within fields that are not required.
in addition, you may choose to submit personal data to us if you attend an event that we or one of our affiliates or partners has organized or if you otherwise communicate with us on social media or by sending us an email.
while the personal data you choose to provide is voluntary, certain personal data may be necessary to provide you with the relevant product or service. if you choose not to provide certain information, this may affect my ability to provide you with certain products or services.
we use the personal data you provide on our site for the following legitimate business purposes:
we use the personal data for these purposes because we have a legitimate business interest in providing services to our customers and other interested individuals. in accordance with applicable law, we take reasonable measures to ensure that the interests we pursue are balanced with your interests, rights and freedoms, which we are happy to explain upon request.
where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent to send you marketing communications about our products and services launches, offers and promotions, and invite you to events and surveys.
where we have a contract with you, we process your personal data as necessary to perform our contractual relationship with you, provide our products and professional services and manage our customer relationship, including:
additionally, we may obtain certain personal data about individuals through healthcare professional users (including hospitals or similar health care providers or one of their representatives) of our products and services, in which case they are responsible for obtaining and handling any required consents or for having another legitimate basis for processing such information to the extent required by applicable law.
we may also use the information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection. to the extent required by law, such notice will also describe our legal basis.
when you visit our site, we may obtain certain information by automated means, such as cookies, web beacons, web server logs and other technologies. a "cookie" is a text file that websites send to a visitor's computer or other internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor's browser or to store information or settings in the browser. a "web beacon," also known as an internet tag, pixel tag or clear gif, links web pages to web servers and cookies and may be used to transmit information collected through cookies back to a web server. the information we collect in this manner may include your device ip address, unique device identifier, web browser characteristics, device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring urls, clickstream data, and dates and times of website visits.
we may use these automated technologies on our site to collect information about your equipment, browsing actions, and usage patterns. these technologies help us (1) remember your information so you do not have to re-enter it; (2) track and understand how you use and interact with our site; (3) tailor the site around your preferences; (4) measure the usability of our site and the effectiveness of our communications; and (5) otherwise manage and enhance our products and services, and help ensure they are working properly.
your browser may tell you how to be notified about certain types of automated collection technologies and how to restrict or disable them. please note, however, that without these technologies, you may not be able to use all of the features of our site. for mobile devices, you can manage how your device and browser share certain device data by adjusting the privacy and security settings on your mobile device.
on our site, we may obtain information about your online activities to provide you with advertising about products and services that may be tailored to your interests. you may see our ads on other websites because we use third-party ad services. through these ad services, we can target our messaging to users considering demographic data, users' inferred interests and browsing context. these services track your online activities over time and across multiple websites and apps by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of cookies, web server logs, web beacons and other similar technologies. the ad services use this information to show you ads that may be tailored to your individual interests. the information ad services may collect includes data about your visits to websites that serve advertisements, such as the pages or ads you view and the actions you take on the websites or apps. this data collection takes place both on our sites and on third-party websites and apps that participate in these ad services. this process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
the site is not designed to respond to "do not track" signals from browsers.
to learn how to opt out of interest-based advertising, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices and www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
we may use third-party analytics services on our sites, such as google analytics. the information we obtain through the sites may be disclosed to or collected directly by these services. to learn more about google analytics, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. to opt-out of google analytics, please visit tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
we share personal data we obtain about you with our affiliates and subsidiaries. we also share personal data with service providers that perform services on our behalf such as marketing service providers, analytics providers, it hosting providers and payment service providers. most of our service providers are based in the u.s. we require service providers by contract to process personal data only on our behalf and to implement measures to protect the security and confidentiality of personal data. we may also share personal data with resellers, accountants, attorneys, and consultants who need the information in order to provide services in connection with the delivery of services or products, 3d systems' management, administration, or legal responsibilities.
in addition, we may disclose personal data about you (a) if we are required or permitted to do so by law or legal process, for example due to a court order or a request from a law enforcement agency, (b) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, (c) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or other illegal activity, and (d) in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution, or liquidation).
we may transfer the personal data that we collect about you to recipients in countries other than the country in which the personal data originally was collected. those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the personal data. when we transfer your personal data to recipients in other countries (such as the u.s.), we will protect that personal data as described in this notice.
we will comply with applicable legal requirements by providing adequate protection for the transfer of personal data to data recipients in countries outside of the european economic area ("eea"), the united kingdom and switzerland. to the extent that these data recipients are in countries that have not been recognized by the european commission or relevant body as providing an adequate level of data protection, we ensure that appropriate safeguards aimed at ensuring such a level of data protection are in place, including by entering into the european commission's eu standard contractual clauses with the data recipients. to obtain a copy of the safeguards we have put in place, please contact us as indicated below.
3d systems corporation, 3d systems inc., geomagic, inc., and medical modeling, inc. are certified under the eu-u.s. and swiss-u.s. privacy shield frameworks developed by the u.s. department of commerce, and the european commission and swiss federal data protection and information commissioner, respectively. click here to review our privacy shield privacy policy. as of july 16, 2020, we no longer rely on the privacy shield to transfer personal data to the u.s.
we maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal data we obtain against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure or use.
to the extent required by applicable law, we keep the personal information you provide for the duration of our relationship, plus a reasonable period to comply with the applicable statute of limitations or if otherwise required under applicable law, unless a shorter retention period is required by applicable law.
you can tell us at any time not to send you marketing communications by e-mail by clicking on the unsubscribe link within the marketing e-mails you receive from us, or by sending an "opt out" request to the address indicated on such email. you may request not to be contacted by 3d systems in connection with any new services, updates, news, or events by contacting us as described below.
if you are a california resident, please see our california consumer privacy statement for more information about your rights with respect to your personal information.
if you are located in the european economic area ("eea"), the united kingdom or switzerland, you may have the following rights in relation to personal data that we hold about you:
you may contact us by e-mail or as described in the "how to contact us" section below to exercise your rights described above. to the extent permitted by applicable law, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection supervisory authority in your country if you are not satisfied with our response.
our site is designed for a general audience and are not directed to children. in connection with the site, we do not knowingly solicit or collect personal data from children under the age of 16. if we learn that we have collected personal data from a child under age 16 without parental consent, we will either seek parental consent or promptly delete that information. if you believe that a child under age 16 may have provided us with personal data without parental consent, please contact us as specified in the how to contact us section of this online privacy notice.
for your convenience and information, our site may provide links to other online services, and may include third-party features such as apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins. these online services and third-party features may operate independently from us. the privacy practices of the relevant third parties, including details on the information they may collect about you, are subject to the privacy statements of these parties, which we strongly suggest you review. to the extent any linked online services or third-party features are not owned or controlled by 3d systems, we are not responsible for these third parties' information practices.
we may update this online privacy notice from time to time and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal data practices. we will indicate at the top of the policy when it was most recently updated.
you can update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our marketing lists, submit a request or ask us questions about this online privacy notice or our practices by emailing us at [email protected] or writing to us at:
3d systems corporationattn: ethics and compliance officer (eco)address: 333 three d systems circlerock hill, sc 29730united states
if you are a customer from the eea, the united kingdom or switzerland, the 3d systems entity responsible for the processing of your personal data is the entity with which you have a direct relationship. please contact your 3d systems representative or use the contact details for the relevant entity as described below:
belgium: layerwise, grauwmeer 14, 3001 leuvenfrance: phenix systems, rue richard wagner, 63200 riomgermany: 3d systems gmbh, waldeckerstraße 13, 64546 mörfelden-walldorfitaly: 3d systems italia srl., via r. incerti, 25, 10064 pinerolo (to)netherlands: vertex-dental b.v., centurionbaan 190, 3769 av soesterbergnetherlands 3d systems benelux b.v., albert plesmanstraat 4, 6021 pr budelswitzerland: 3d systems sa – marly, route de l'ancienne papeterie 185, 1723 marlyunited kingdom: 3d systems europe ltd., 200 maylands avenue, hemel hempstead hp2 7tg
this california consumer privacy statement ("statement") supplements the online privacy notice. it applies solely to california consumers and addresses personal information we collect online and offline. this statement does not apply to 3d systems personnel or job applicants.
this statement uses certain terms that have the meaning given to them in the california consumer privacy act of 2018 and its implementing regulations (the "ccpa").
we may collect (and may have collected during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this statement) the following categories of personal information about you:
we may use (and may have used during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this statement) your personal information for the purposes described in our online privacy notice and for the following business purposes specified in the ccpa:
during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this statement, we may have obtained personal information about you from the following categories of sources:
we do not sell your personal information in exchange for monetary consideration. we may allow certain third parties (such as online advertising services) to collect your personal information via automated technologies on our site in exchange for non-monetary consideration. we share the categories of personal information listed below for online advertising purposes and to provide third-party social network features and functionality on our site. you have the right to opt out of this disclosure of your information, which may be considered a "sale" under california law.
during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this statement, we may have sold the following categories of personal information about you to online advertising services and social networks:
we do not have actual knowledge that we sell personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this statement, we may have shared your personal information with certain categories of third parties, as described below.
we may have disclosed the following categories of personal information about you for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:

in addition to the categories of third parties identified above, during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this statement, we may have shared personal information about you with the following additional categories of third parties: government entities
you have certain choices regarding your personal information, as described below.
how to submit a request. to submit an access, deletion or opt-out of sale request, email us at [email protected] or call us at (833) 880-0002. to submit a shine the light request, email us at [email protected]. to submit a request as an authorized agent on behalf of a consumer, email us at [email protected]. for questions or concerns about our privacy policies and practices, please contact us as described in the how to contact us section of our online privacy notice.
verifying requests. to help protect your privacy and maintain security, we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. if you request access to or deletion of your personal information, we may require you to provide any of the following information: your email address, the name of the 3d systems representative with whom you typically interact, and the date of your last interaction with a 3d systems representative. in addition, if you ask us to provide you with specific pieces of personal information, we may require you to sign a declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request.
additional information. if you choose to exercise any of your rights under the ccpa, you have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment by us. to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
connect with us:
