3onedata's latest news feed
a leading global industrial internet equipment & solution provider
last update: january, 2021

3onedata co., ltd. ("us", "we", or "our") respect your privacy. please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy ("this policy").
this policy describes how 3onedata processes your personal data, but it may not address all possible data processing scenarios.
this policy describes:
1. how we collect & use your personal data
2. cookies & similar technologies
3. how we protect your personal data
4. updates to this policy
5. how to contact us

1. how we collect & use your personal data
personal data means any data that, either on its own or jointly with other data, can be used to identify a natural person. you directly provide us with such data when you use our websites, products, or services, or interact with us by, for example, creating a 3onedata account or contacting us for support. we may also obtain data by recording how you interact with our websites, products, or services. as permitted by law, we may also obtain data from public and commercial third-party sources, for example, purchasing statistics from other companies to support our services. the personal data we collect includes name, enterprise name and email addresses, phone number, login information (account and password), etc., depending on how you interact with 3onedata, for example, the website you visit or the products and services that you use. we also collect the information you provide to us and the content of messages you send us, such as the query information you provide, or the questions or information you provide for customer service support.

before using 3onedata’s products or services, you may need to provide personal data.  in some cases you may be able to opt not to disclose your personal data to 3onedata. however, not providing 3onedata with certain data may mean that we cannot provide you with certain products or services or respond to an issue that you have raised.

we may use your personal data for the following purposes:

● creating an account.
● providing you with the requested information, such as marketing materials for products and services, providing technical support.
● contacting you with your consent, sending you information about products and services that may interest you, or sending you marketing information. if you do not want to receive these types of information, you can opt out at any time.
● providing you with customized user experience and content.
● qualifying and managing suppliers and business partners, and communicating or working with suppliers and business partners.
● improving our products and services through internal audits, data analysis, and research.
● analyzing the efficiency of our business operations and evaluating market share.
● ensuring the security of our products, services and customers or users, executing and improving our loss prevention and anti-fraud programs.
● complying with and enforcing applicable legal requirements, industry standards and our policies.

2. cookies & similar technologies
2.1 cookies
to ensure our website works correctly, we may at times place a small piece of data known as a cookie on your computer or mobile device. a cookie is a text file stored by a web server on a computer or mobile device. the content of a cookie can be retrieved or read only by the server that creates the cookie. the text in a cookie often consists of identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters. cookies are unique to the browsers or mobile applications you use, and enable websites to store data such as your preferences or items in your shopping cart.

like many other websites or internet service providers, 3onedata uses cookies to improve user experience. session cookies are deleted after each visit, while persistent cookies remain in place across multiple visits. cookies allow websites to remember your settings such as language, font size on your computer or mobile device, or other browser preferences. this means that a user does not need to reset preferences for every visit. on the contrary, if cookies are not used, websites will treat you as a new visitor every time you load a web page. for example, if you are redirected to another web page from a website you are already logged in to and then return to the original website, it will not recognize you and you must log in again.

3onedata will not use cookies for any purposes not stated in this policy. you can manage or delete cookies based on your own preferences. for details, visit aboutcookies.org. you can clear all the cookies stored on your computer, and most web browsers provide the option of blocking cookies. however, by doing so, you have to change the user settings every time you visit our website. find out how to manage cookie settings for your browser here:
internet explorer
google chrome
mozilla firefox
safari
opera

2.2 web beacons and pixel tags
in addition to cookies, we may also use other similar technologies on our websites such as web beacons and pixel tags. for example, when you receive an email from 3onedata, it may contain a click-through url that links to a 3onedata web page. if you click the link, 3onedata will track your visit to help us learn about your preferences for products and services and improve our customer service. a web beacon is a transparent graphic image embedded in a website or in an email. we use pixel tags in emails to find out whether an email has been opened. you can unsubscribe from the 3onedata mailing list at any time if you do not want to be tracked in this manner.

by using our website, you consent to the use of cookies, web beacons and pixel tags as described above.

3. how we protect and retain your personal data
the security of your personal data is important to us. we use appropriate management to protect your personal data from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, modification, damage, or loss. we also provide training on security and privacy protection for employees to raise their awareness of personal data protection. 3onedata is committed to protecting your personal data, however, please note that no security measure is perfect.

we will retain your personal information for no longer than is necessary for the purposes stated in this policy, unless otherwise extending the retention period is required or permitted by law. the data storage period may vary with scenario, product, and service. the standards 3onedata uses to determine the retention period are as follows: the time required to retain personal data to fulfill business purposes, including providing products and services; maintaining corresponding transaction and business records; controlling and improving the performance and quality of products and services; handling possible user queries or complaints and locating problems; whether the user agrees to a longer retention period; and whether the laws, contracts, and other equivalencies have special requirements for data retention; etc. we will maintain your registration information as long as your account is necessary for service provision. you can choose to deregister your account. after you deregister your account, we will stop providing you with products and services through your account and delete your relevant personal data, provided that deletion is not otherwise stipulated by special legal requirements.

4.updates to this policy
3onedata reserves the right to update or change this policy at any time. we will release the latest privacy policy on this page for any changes. if major changes are made to the privacy policy, we may notify you through different channels, for example, posting a notice on our website or sending you direct notification.

5.how to contact us
if you have any privacy complaints or issues, or if you would like to exercise any of your rights, please contact us by email to ims@3onedata.com
