last updated january 31, 2022
welcome to the website (the “site”) of 5x data llc and 5x pte ltd (“5x,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). the site is directed towards our customers and potential customers. it should not be used for personal, family, or household purposes. we treat all personal information covered by this privacy policy as pertaining to individuals acting as business representatives, rather than in their personal capacity.
this privacy policy explains what personal information we collect, how we use and share that information, and your choices concerning our information practices.
before using the site or submitting any personal information to 5x, please review this privacy policy carefully and contact us if you have any questions. by using the site, you agree to the practices described in this privacy policy. if you do not agree to this privacy policy, please do not use the site.
personal information you provide:
internet activity information: when you visit the site, the following information we may automatically log the following information:
the following technologies may be used to collect internet activity information:
we use your personal information for:
site delivery, including to provide, operate, maintain, and secure the site.
communicating with you, including to:
site improvement, including to:
marketing and advertising: we and our advertising partners may use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes, including:
compliance and protection, including to:
in certain circumstances we may share your personal information with:
our site is not directed to children who are under the age of 16. 5x does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16. if you believe that a child under the age of 16 provided personal information to 5x please contact us and we will delete that information.
the site may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by 5x, including social media services (“third party sites”). the information that you share with third party sites will be governed by the specific privacy policies and terms of service of the third party sites and not by this privacy policy. by providing these links we do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed these sites. please contact the third party sites directly for information on their privacy practices and policies.
we use reasonable technical, organizational and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information we collect. however, no security measures are failsafe and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. you use the site at your own risk.
update or correct personal information: you can contact us and request any updates or corrections needed to keep your personal information accurate, current, and complete.
opt out of marketing communications: you may opt out of marketing-related communications by following the opt out or unsubscribe instructions contained in any marketing communication we send you. please note, however, that you may continue to receive communications as described in the communicating with you section after opting out of marketing communications.
limit online tracking: here are some of the ways you can limit online tracking:
note that the above opt-out mechanisms are specific to the device or browser on which they are exercised so you will need to opt out on every browser and device that you use.
do not track. we currently do not respond to “do not track” or similar signals. learn more about “do not track” here.
the site and our business may change from time to time. as a result we may change this privacy policy at any time. when we do we will post an updated version on this page, unless another type of notice is required by law. by continuing to use our site or providing us with personal information after we have posted an updated privacy policy, you consent to the revised privacy policy and the practices described in it.
if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information practices, please feel free to contact us at legal@5xdata.co.
5x is the first end-to-end data platform built on top of the best-in-class vendors across the modern data stack.
