find more content
we have you covered
we never stop talking about it!
who we are
meet our team
directors & investors
partners
our ecosystem
come meet us
join our team
we love sharing news
our website address is: http://6wind.com.
this privacy policy sets out how 6wind uses and protects any information that you give 6wind when you use this website.
6wind is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
6wind may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. you should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. this policy is effective from 8/9/2018.

we collect data that you give us yourself, for example while filling out the form on the website, enrolling on our webinar. here are the information we may collect:
we refer to this automatically-collected information as “device information.”

we require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
you can also opt-out of google analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

we are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. in order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.

we do not use cookies.

our website may contain links to other websites of interest. however, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. you should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

you may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. we may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
you may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the data protection act 1998. a small fee will be payable. if you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to 6wind-contact@6wind.com.
if you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. we will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
what’s next ?
get in touch
for general enquiries, or if you have a project in mind and want to have a chat.
try before you buy!
get a free 10 day trial to evaluate our software solutions.
support
6wind clients access valuable software resources customized for their specific project need.
resources
navigation
products
solutions
let’s get social!
© copyright 2022 6wind – all rights reserved   |   privacy policy

