managed data platform.
vendor marketplace.
on demand talent.
pricing.
resources.
company.
for developers.
privacy policy.
last updated january 31, 2022.
welcome to the website (the “site”) of 5x data llc and 5x pte ltd (“5x,” “we,” “us,” or “our”).
the site is directed towards our customers and potential customers.
it should not be used for personal, family, or household purposes.
we treat all personal information covered by this privacy policy as pertaining to individuals acting as business representatives, rather than in their personal capacity.
this privacy policy explains what personal information we collect, how we use and share that information, and your choices concerning our information practices.
before using the site or submitting any personal information to 5x, please review this privacy policy carefully and contact us if you have any questions.
by using the site, you agree to the practices described in this privacy policy.
if you do not agree to this privacy policy, please do not use the site.
1.
personal information collection.
personal information you provide.
identification information.
we may collect your name, email address, company name, job title, and phone number through the site or through our social media platforms.
communication information.
we may collect any information included in your communications with us.
internet activity information.
when you visit the site, the following information we may automatically log the following information.
device information.
the manufacturer and model, operating system, ip address, and unique identifiers of the device, as well as the browser you use to access the site.
the information we collect may vary based on your device type and settings.
usage information.
information about how you use our site, such as the types of content that you view or engage with, the features you use, the actions you take, and the time, frequency, and duration of your activities.
we may use google analytics, a web analytics service provided by google llc (“google”) to help collect and analyze usage information.
for more information on how google uses this information, click here.
we may also use another analytics service called microsoft clarity and that tool permits microsoft to collect and use your personal information, including for advertising.
learn more about how microsoft uses information here.
the following technologies may be used to collect internet activity information.
cookies, which are text files stored on your device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in the browser to help you navigate between pages efficiently, remember your preferences, enable functionality, help us understand user activity and patterns, and facilitate online advertising.
local storage technologies, like html5, that provide cookie-equivalent functionality but can store larger amounts of data, including on your device outside of your browser in connection with specific applications.
web beacons, also known as pixel tags or clear gifs, which are used to demonstrate that a webpage or email was accessed or opened, or that certain content was viewed or clicked.
2.
personal information use.
we use your personal information for.
site delivery, including to provide, operate, maintain, and secure the site.
communicating with you, including to.
send you updates about administrative matters such as changes to our terms or policies.
and.
provide user support, and respond to your requests, questions and feedback.
site improvement, including to.
improve the site and create new features.
personalize your experience.
and.
create and derive insights from de-identified and aggregated information.
marketing and advertising.
we and our advertising partners may use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes, including.
direct marketing.
to send you direct marketing communications as permitted by law, including, but not limited to, notifying you of special promotions, offers and events via email and other means.
interest-based advertising.
we may engage third party advertising and social media companies to display ads on the site and other online services.
these companies may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about your interaction over time across the site, our communications, and other online services, and use that information to serve online ads that they think will interest you.
this is called interest-based advertising.
we may also share information about our users with these companies to facilitate interest-based advertising to our or similar users (known as a “lookalike audience”) on other online platforms.
you can learn more about your choices for limiting interest-based advertising in the limit online tracking section below.
compliance and protection, including to.
comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities.
protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims).
audit our compliance with legal and contractual requirements and internal policies.
and.
prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.
3.
personal information sharing.
in certain circumstances we may share your personal information with.
service providers.
including hosting services, cloud services, and other information technology services, email communication software and email newsletter services, advertising and marketing services, customer relationship management and customer support services, and analytics services.
pursuant to our instructions, these parties will access, process, or store personal information in the course of performing their duties to us.
professional advisors.
such as lawyers and accountants where doing so is necessary to facilitate the services they render to us.
business transaction recipients.
such as counterparties and others assisting with a merger, acquisition, financing, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, dissolution, asset sale, or similar transaction, and with a successor or affiliate as part of or following that transaction.
government authorities.
we do not volunteer your personal information to government authorities or regulators, but we may disclose your personal information where required to do so for the compliance and protection purposes described above.
4.
children.
our site is not directed to children who are under the age of 16.
5x does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16.
if you believe that a child under the age of 16 provided personal information to 5x please contact us and we will delete that information.
5.
links to other websites.
the site may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by 5x, including social media services (“third party sites”).
the information that you share with third party sites will be governed by the specific privacy policies and terms of service of the third party sites and not by this privacy policy.
by providing these links we do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed these sites.
please contact the third party sites directly for information on their privacy practices and policies.
6.
security.
we use reasonable technical, organizational and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information we collect.
however, no security measures are failsafe and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.
you use the site at your own risk.
7.
your choices.
update or correct personal information.
you can contact us and request any updates or corrections needed to keep your personal information accurate, current, and complete.
opt out of marketing communications.
you may opt out of marketing-related communications by following the opt out or unsubscribe instructions contained in any marketing communication we send you.
please note, however, that you may continue to receive communications as described in the communicating with you section after opting out of marketing communications.
limit online tracking.
here are some of the ways you can limit online tracking.
block cookies.
most browsers let you remove or reject cookies, including cookies used for interest-based advertising.
to do this, follow the instructions in your browser settings.
many browsers accept cookies by default until you change your settings.
use the following links to learn more about how to control cookies and online tracking through your browser.
firefox.
chrome.
microsoft edge.
safari.
firefox.
chrome.
microsoft edge.
safari.
use privacy plug-ins or browsers.
you can block our site from setting cookies used for interest-based ads by using a browser with privacy features, like brave, or installing browser plugins like privacy badger, duckduckgo, ghostery or ublock origin, and configuring them to block third party cookies/trackers.
you can also install a browser add-on to opt out of google analytics.
advertising industry opt-outs.
you can also use these opt-out options to limit use of your information for interest-based advertising by participating companies.
digital advertising alliance network advertising initiative.
digital advertising alliance.
network advertising initiative.
platform opt-outs.
the following advertising platforms offer opt-out features that let you opt out of use of your information for interest-based advertising.
google opt-out linkedin opt-out.
google opt-out.
linkedin opt-out.
note that the above opt-out mechanisms are specific to the device or browser on which they are exercised so you will need to opt out on every browser and device that you use.
do not track.
we currently do not respond to “do not track” or similar signals.
learn more about “do not track” here.
8.
changes to the privacy policy.
the site and our business may change from time to time.
as a result we may change this privacy policy at any time.
when we do we will post an updated version on this page, unless another type of notice is required by law.
by continuing to use our site or providing us with personal information after we have posted an updated privacy policy, you consent to the revised privacy policy and the practices described in it.
9.
contact us.
if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information practices, please feel free to contact us at .
5x is the first end-to-end data platform built on top of the best-in-class vendors across the modern data stack.
explore.
home.
managed data platform.
vendor marketplace.
on demand talent.
pricing.
articles.
videos.
company.
about.
careers.
for developers.
case studies.
podcast.
support.
get a demo.
privacy policy.
terms of service.
data processing addendum.
