virtualized networking software.
products 6windcloud6wind vsr vpevcsrvsecgwvcg-natvborderroutervirtual accelerator6windgate documentation.
6windcloud.
6wind vsr vpevcsrvsecgwvcg-natvborderrouter.
vpe.
vcsr.
vsecgw.
vcg-nat.
vborderrouter.
virtual accelerator.
6windgate.
documentation.
solutions  service providers cloud providers enterprises oem’s.
service providers.
cloud providers.
enterprises.
oem’s.
customers.
resources  resourcesfind more content supportwe have you covered blogwe never stop talking about it.
resourcesfind more content.
find more content.
supportwe have you covered.
we have you covered.
blogwe never stop talking about it.
we never stop talking about it.
company  about 6windwho we are executive teammeet our team directors & investors partnersour ecosystem eventscome meet us careersjoin our team press roomwe love sharing news.
about 6windwho we are.
who we are.
executive teammeet our team.
meet our team.
directors & investors.
directors & investors.
partnersour ecosystem.
partners.
our ecosystem.
eventscome meet us.
come meet us.
careersjoin our team.
join our team.
press roomwe love sharing news.
we love sharing news.
evaluate us.
contact.
login.
6windcloud.
6wind vsr virtual provider edge routervirtual cell site routervsecgwvcg-natvborderrouter.
virtual provider edge router.
virtual cell site router.
vsecgw.
vcg-nat.
vborderrouter.
virtual accelerator.
6windgate.
resources.
customers.
company executive teamboard of directors & investorspressroompartnerscontacteventscareers.
executive team.
board of directors & investors.
pressroom.
partners.
contact.
events.
careers.
blog.
login.
evaluate us.
who we are.
our website address is.
.
this privacy policy sets out how 6wind uses and protects any information that you give 6wind when you use this website.
6wind is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
6wind may change this policy from time to time by updating this page.
you should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
this policy is effective from 8/9/2018.
what we collect.
we collect data that you give us yourself, for example while filling out the form on the website, enrolling on our webinar.
here are the information we may collect.
name and job title.
contact information including email address.
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests.
we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, ip address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device.
as you browse the site, we collect information about individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the site, and information about how you interact with the site.
we refer to this automatically-collected information as “device information.
”.
what we do with the information we gather.
we require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons.
internal record keeping.
we may use the information to improve our products and services.
we may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
we may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address you have provided.
we may contact you after a webinar registration as a follow up to collect your feedback.
we do not share your personal information with third parties to help us use your personal information, as described above.
we do use google analytics to help us understand how our customers use the site.
you can read more about how google uses your personal information here.
.
you can also opt-out of google analytics here.
.
finally, we may also share your personal information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
security.
we are committed to ensuring that your information is secure.
in order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
cookies.
we do not use cookies.
links to other websites.
our website may contain links to other websites of interest.
however, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website.
therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
you should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
controlling your personal information.
you may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways.
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at .
we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
we may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
you may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the data protection act 1998.
a small fee will be payable.
if you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to .
if you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address.
we will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
what’s next .
get in touch.
for general enquiries, or if you have a project in mind and want to have a chat.
try before you buy.
get a free 10 day trial to evaluate our software solutions.
support.
6wind clients access valuable software resources customized for their specific project need.
resources.
datasheets.
success stories.
application briefs.
solution tours.
white papers.
guides.
navigation.
products.
customers.
resources.
company.
partners.
get in touch.
products.
6windcloud.
6wind vsr.
virtual accelerator.
6windgate.
solutions.
service providers.
cloud providers.
enterprises.
oem's.
let’s get social.
© copyright 2022 6wind – all rights reserved   |   privacy policy.
google analytics.
tracking cookies.
