privacy policy.
terms of service.
dmca notification guidelines.
pluron (acunote services) privacy notice.
welcome to the pluron, inc.
(dba acunote) (“acunote,” “pluron,” or “we”) project management software services, acunote web site, as well as any other web sites, subdomains, or services owned or controlled by pluron (collectively, the “acunote services”).
pluron values the privacy of our users, customers, members, and others who visit and use the acunote services (collectively or individually, “you” or “users”).
this privacy notice describes what information we gather from you, how we use that information, and what we do to protect it.
by using the acunote services, you expressly consent to the information handling practices described in this notice.
please be aware that any personally identifiable or other professional information that you voluntarily choose to have displayed publicly on the acunote services – including your username, alias, or id – becomes publicly available information and may be collected and used by others without restriction.
this privacy notice is incorporated into and is subject to the acunote terms of service.
your use of the acunote services and any personal or professional information you provide on the acunote services are subject to the terms of this privacy notice and acunote’s terms of service.
the information acunote collects.
subscriber-provided information.
you may provide to acunote what is generally called “personally identifiable”   information (such as your name, email address, postal mailing address,   home/mobile telephone number, credit card number and billing information)   if you subscribe to the acunote services, or otherwise purchase or download   certain products or information or use other features on the acunote   services.
you may also provide to   acunote certain professional information such are your title, organization’s   address, project-related information, and the information of various   employees or contractors.
“cookies” information.
when you visit the acunote services, we may send one or more cookies   – small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters   – to your computer.
acunote may use both session cookies and   persistent cookies.
a session cookie disappears after you close   your browser.
a persistent cookie remains after you close your   browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the   acunote services.
persistent cookies can be removed.
please   review your web browser “help” file to learn the proper way to modify   your cookie settings.
“automatically collected”   information.
when you visit   or use the acunote services we may automatically record certain information   from your web browser or system by using different types of technology.
this “automatically collected” information may include internet   protocol address (“ip address”), web browser type, the web pages   or sites that you visit just before or just after the acunote services,   the pages you view on the acunote services, and the dates and times   that you visit the acunote services.
the way acunote uses information.
acunote uses the information   you provide or that we collect to operate, maintain, enhance, and provide   all of the features and services found on the acunote services including   without limitation accessing your scm systems on your behalf and displaying   organizational, task, timeline, and backlog information related to projects   inputted by you or another contact within your organization.
acunote reserves the right   to use your email address, without further consent, for administrative   purposes such as notifying you of major acunote services updates, for   customer service purposes, or to address copyright infringement issues.
acunote uses all of the information   that we collect to understand the usage trends and preferences of our   users, to improve the way the acunote services work and look, and to   create new features and functionality.
acunote may use “automatically   collected” information and “cookies” information to.
(a)   determine user-specific access permissions and remember your information   so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next   time you visit the acunote services.
(b) provide customized third-party   content, and information.
(c) create project-timeline forecasts and   offer other project-management related features.
(d) monitor aggregate   site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed.
and (e) track your project entries, submissions, and status in any other   activities.
acunote will not use your   email address or other personally identifiable information to send promotional   or marketing messages without your consent or except as part of a specific   program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in.
when acunote discloses information.
acunote does not share   your personally identifiable information with other third-party organizations   for their marketing or promotional   uses without your express consent.
we may disclose subscriber   information to affiliated companies or other businesses or persons to.
provide web site hosting, maintenance, and security services.
fulfill   orders.
conduct data analysis and create forecasts and reports.
offer   certain functionality.
and assist acunote in improving the acunote services   and creating new services features.
we require that these parties   process such information in compliance with this privacy notice, we   authorize only a limited use of such information, and we require these   parties to use reasonable confidentiality measures.
acunote may also disclose   subscriber information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith   belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal   laws (such as u.
s.
copyright law) or respond to a court order, judicial   or other government subpoena, or warrant.
in some cases, we may   make such disclosures without providing notice to users.
acunote also reserves the   right to disclose subscriber information that we believe, in good faith,   is appropriate or necessary to take precautions   against liability.
protect acunote from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful   uses.
to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims   or allegations.
to assist government enforcement agencies.
to protect   the security or integrity of the acunote services.
or to protect the   rights, property, or personal safety of acunote, our users, or others.
your choices.
you may, of course, decline to share your personally-identifiable or professional information with acunote, in which case acunote will not be able to provide to you the acunote services.
you may update, correct, or delete your profile information and preferences at any time by going to the account section of the acunote services.
to protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you account access or making corrections to your information.
you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times.
our commitment to data security.
acunote uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information.
we cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to acunote, and you do so at your own risk.
once we receive your transmission of information, acunote makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems.
however, please note that this is not a guarantee or warrant that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
if acunote learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps.
acunote may post a notice on the acunote services if a security breach occurs.
depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
to receive a free written notice of a security breach you should notify us at .
international visitors.
for those of you visiting us from the european economic area or other non-u.
s.
territories, please note that any data you enter into the pluron services will be transferred outside the european economic area or such other territory for use by acunote and its affiliates for any of the purposes described herein.
in addition, because acunote operates globally, we make information we gather available to our worldwide business units and affiliates.
by providing any data on the acunote services you hereby expressly consent to such transfers.
in the event of merger or sale.
in the event that acunote is acquired by or merged with a third-party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information that we have collected from users as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control.
changes and updates to this privacy notice.
this privacy notice may be revised periodically without further notice to you and this will be reflected by a “last modified” date below.
please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes.
in general, we only use your personal information in the manner described in the privacy notice in effect when we received that personal information.
your continued use of the acunote services constitutes your agreement to this privacy notice and any future revisions.
for revisions to this privacy notice that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of personal information you have provided to us, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you and obtain your consent before implementing such revisions with respect to such information.
effective date, date last modified.
this privacy notice is effective as of august 18, 2006.
acunote contact information.
please contact acunote with any questions or comments about this privacy notice, your personal information, our third-party disclosure practices, or your consent choices at.
969-g edgewater blvd, # 300 foster city, ca 94404-3760 and email.
we will respond to your inquiry within 30 days of its receipt.
product.
scrum software.
company.
legal.
contact us.
