sign in | create account.
new products.
featured products.
gift ideas.
circuit playground.
feather.
raspberry pi.
arduino.
leds.
all categories.
support.
shipping & returns.
about us.
shop.
learn.
blog.
forums.
live.
adabox.
io.
productsshop categoriesview allarduinocircuitpythoncircuit playgroundfeatherstemma / stemma qtlcds & displaysraspberry piaccessoriesbatteriesbooksbreakout boardscablescomponents & partsdevelopment boardse-ink / thinkinkgift certificateskits & projectsledsmechanical keyboardsneopixelspowerprototypingrobotics & cncsensorstoolswearableswireless new productsview allsmall black t-bar hall effect fader - 5v$99.
95esp32-s3 box lite - dock not included$42.
50usb a plug to usb c jack microadapter$1.
50ntag203 (13.
56mhz rfid/nfc) clear keychain fob$2.
95featured productsview alldlux-dlite cool white skull shape leds 5 pack by unexpected labs$9.
50adafruit esp32-s2 feather - 4 mb flash + 2 mb psram$17.
50adafruit qt py esp32-s2 wifi dev board with stemma qt$12.
50adafruit esp32 feather v2 - 8mb flash + 2 mb psram$19.
95.
arduino.
circuitpython.
circuit playground.
feather.
stemma / stemma qt.
lcds & displays.
raspberry pi.
accessories.
batteries.
books.
breakout boards.
cables.
components & parts.
development boards.
e-ink / thinkink.
gift certificates.
kits & projects.
leds.
mechanical keyboards.
neopixels.
power.
prototyping.
robotics & cnc.
sensors.
tools.
wearables.
wireless.
small black t-bar hall effect fader - 5v.
$99.
95.
esp32-s3 box lite - dock not included.
$42.
50.
usb a plug to usb c jack microadapter.
$1.
50.
ntag203 (13.
56mhz rfid/nfc) clear keychain fob.
$2.
95.
dlux-dlite cool white skull shape leds 5 pack by unexpected labs.
$9.
50.
adafruit esp32-s2 feather - 4 mb flash + 2 mb psram.
$17.
50.
adafruit qt py esp32-s2 wifi dev board with stemma qt.
$12.
50.
adafruit esp32 feather v2 - 8mb flash + 2 mb psram.
$19.
95.
gift ideas.
what's new.
adafruit privacy policy.
this privacy policy governs how adafruit industries, llc collects, stores, uses, and discloses information about users of adafruit.
com.
this policy applies to the site, along with related products and services offered by adafruit industries, llc that link to this policy.
this policy does not apply to websites, applications, or services that display or link to different privacy statements.
for security related matters please email.
[email protected].
information you provide to us.
the personal information we collect depends on how you interact with us, the products you use, and the choices you make.
we collect and process personal information about you with your consent and/or as necessary to provide the products you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfil other legitimate interests.
when a user engages in certain actions on the site, they may provide us with certain kinds of information.
this includes information including but not limited to.
contact information.
name, username, password, email address, postal address, phone numbers and other contract information.
account activity.
placed order details, gift certificates, wishlists, vouchers, subscriptions, and other account settings.
payment information.
payment information necessary to facilitate transactions on the site, including credit card details and billing address.
content and files.
if you post comments or send us email messages, feedback, or other communications, we will collect and retain those communications.
when you are asked to provide personal information, you may decline.
but if you choose not to provide information that is necessary for certain products or features, those products or features may not be available or function correctly.
we may also combine information users provide with data we collect automatically (as further described below).
information we collect automatically.
when you use our products, we collect some information automatically.
for example.
identifiers and device information.
when you visit our website, our web servers automatically log your internet protocol (ip) address, and information about your device, including device identifiers (such as mac address).
device type.
and your device’s operating system, browser, and other software including type, version, language, settings, and configuration.
as further described in the cookies and similar technologies section below, our websites and online services store and retrieve cookie identifiers, mobile ids, and other data.
usage data.
we automatically log your activity on our websites, apps, and connected products, including the url of the website from which you came to our sites.
other sensor data/adafruit.
io.
if you elect to integrate a device with adafruit.
io, we may collect certain sensor information from your device as a part of your elections and certain usage and diagnostic information about the device, including device type, board type, connection type, and corresponding adafruit.
io api log.
inferences.
we infer new information from other data we collect, including using automated means to generate information about your likely preferences or other characteristic.
for example, we infer your city , state, and country location based on your ip address.
cookies and similar tracking technologies (california do not sell my info).
we use cookies, web beacons, mobile analytics and advertising ids, and similar technologies to operate our websites and online services and to help collect data, including other identifiers and device information and usage data.
california do not sell my info.
the california consumer protection act (“ccpa”) requires us to disclose categories of personal information sold to third parties and how to opt-out of sale.
the ccpa defines personal information to include online identifiers, including ip address, cookies ids, and mobile ids.
the law also defines a “sale” to include simply making data available to third parties.
because we let advertising and analytics providers collect ip addresses, cookie ids, mobile ids through our sites and apps when you use our online services, but do not “sell” any other types of personal information, we provide our “do not sell my info” disclosures in this section.
other information related to your rights under the ccpa is contained in the california rights section of this statement.
site datawe may collect information automatically about users when they visit our site.
this may include details about the user’s browser type and installed extensions, operating system, access times, language, ip address, and referring urls, along with other similar data.
web browser cookies and related technologiesour site uses cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to provide features such as account logins and shopping carts, to remember user preferences, to engage in advertising and retargeting, as well as to analyze user behavior.
cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the same domain that placed the cookie.
the text in a cookie often consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifies your device, but it can contain other information as well.
we use web beacons (also called single-pixel gifs), for example, to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage of our site and tell if an email has been opened and acted upon.
third party sites and services.
our site employs a variety of third-party services.
these include payment gateways, shipping providers, content-distribution networks, advertisers, analytics, and monitoring tools.
some of these services store information about users, and may track individuals across sites, applications, and services.
these services may collect information in a similar manner as described above, including, for example, ip address, access times, browser type, language, device type, and device identifiers.
they can also create inferences about you from this information.
by interacting with our services, certain information about user devices may be exposed to third party advertising and analytics using cookies and other tracking mechanism, these third parties include the entities in the charts below.
the analytics and advertising service providers we use that may track you across sites and services are.
service name.
purpose(s).
privacy policy.
manage settings (opt-out).
google analytics.
web analytics service.
google analytics privacy policy.
google analytics opt-out browser add-on.
google adwords.
online advertising service, analytics.
google adwords privacy policy.
see association links below.
facebook.
online advertising service.
facebook privacy policy.
facebook ads settings.
see association links below.
you may find more information on each company's practices, including the choices it offers, by clicking on the above.
many of these companies are also members of associations, which provide a simple way to opt out of analytics and ad targeting, which you can access at.
united states.
nai (nai opt out form) and daa (daa opt out forms).
canada.
digital advertising alliance of canada (youradchoices.
ca information).
europe.
european digital advertising alliance (your online choices information).
other third party service providers we use.
service name.
function on adafruit.
com.
privacy policy.
cloudflare.
content delivery network.
cloudflare privacy policy.
amazon s3.
static file hosting.
amazon web services privacy policy.
automattic.
site statistics and anti-spam services.
automattic privacy policy.
contextly.
web analytics and content recommender service.
contextly privacy policy.
algolia.
search provider.
algolia privacy policy & sub-processors.
youtube.
online video service.
youtube privacy policy.
paypal.
online payments.
paypal privacy policy.
amazon payments.
online payments.
amazon payments privacy policy.
bitpay.
online payments.
bitpay privacy policy.
mailchimp.
email marketing platform.
mailchimp privacy policy.
google recaptcha.
recaptcha is used very sparingly when adafruit is under denial of service attacks.
google privacy policy.
cookie controls.
many web browsers accept cookies by default.
users can usually change their browser's settings to reject and/or to remove many cookies.
please note also that choosing to reject or remove cookies may prevent certain features or services of our site from working properly.
since cookie opt-out preferences are also stored in a cookie in a browser, please also note that deleting cookies, using a different browser, or buying a new computer, may require renewal of opt-out choices.
do not track.
do not track (dnt) is a technology which allows users to tell sites they visit that they don’t want to be tracked.
it does this by including a special header with each request the browser sends.
where possible without breaking the functionality of our site, we try to honor do not track headers by attempting to serve only third-party services which themselves promise to honor do not track.
however, because not all our necessary third-party service providers honor do not track and because implementations may change from time to time, we cannot guarantee that we will always be successful in all cases.
while we and others give users the choices described in this policy, there are many ways through which web browser signals and other similar mechanisms can indicate user choice to disable tracking, and we may not be aware of nor honor every such mechanism.
mobile advertising id controls.
ios and android operating systems provide options to limit tracking and/or reset the advertising ids.
email web beacons.
most email clients have settings which allow you prevent the automatic downloading of images, which will disable web beacons in the email messages you read.
how we use collected information.
we use the personal data we collect for purposes described in this privacy statement or as otherwise disclosed to you, including for the following purposes.
to improve customer service and respond to your questions and queriesinformation users provide helps us respond to their customer service requests and support needs.
applicable categories of user information.
contact information, account activity, payment information, content and files, usage data, inferences.
information users provide helps us respond to their customer service requests and support needs.
applicable categories of user information.
contact information, account activity, payment information, content and files, usage data, inferences.
to improve our site and serviceswe may use feedback users provide to improve our products and services.
we may use information in the aggregate to understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our site.
applicable categories of user information.
contact information, account activity, payment information, content and files, usage data, inferences.
we may use feedback users provide to improve our products and services.
we may use information in the aggregate to understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our site.
applicable categories of user information.
contact information, account activity, payment information, content and files, usage data, inferences.
to provide and deliver our products, including securing, troubleshooting, improving, and personalizing those productsto offer our users relevant content and recommendationsto display marketing and advertising tailored to our users on our site and on other sitesapplicable categories of user information.
contact information, account activity, payment information, content and files, identifiers and device information, usage data, sensor data, inferences.
to offer our users relevant content and recommendations.
to display marketing and advertising tailored to our users on our site and on other sites.
applicable categories of user information.
contact information, account activity, payment information, content and files, identifiers and device information, usage data, sensor data, inferences.
for business operations, including to process payments and fulfill orders and for other accounting and internal operationswe use the information users provide about themselves when placing an order only as described in this policy and to process and fulfill that order.
we do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent appropriate to provide the service.
applicable categories of user information.
contact information, account activity, payment information, content and files, identifiers and device information, usage data, inferences.
we use the information users provide about themselves when placing an order only as described in this policy and to process and fulfill that order.
we do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent appropriate to provide the service.
applicable categories of user information.
contact information, account activity, payment information, content and files, identifiers and device information, usage data, inferences.
to prevent fraud and abusewe may use the information contained in orders to prevent fraudulent financial transactions and other illicit activity or violations of our terms of service.
we may use network addresses and similar data to block or report abusive and harassing users.
in cases involving potential harm to individuals, we may submit personally identifiable information to law enforcement or other third parties.
applicable categories of user information.
contact information, account activity, payment information, content and files, usage data, inferences.
we may use the information contained in orders to prevent fraudulent financial transactions and other illicit activity or violations of our terms of service.
we may use network addresses and similar data to block or report abusive and harassing users.
in cases involving potential harm to individuals, we may submit personally identifiable information to law enforcement or other third parties.
applicable categories of user information.
contact information, account activity, payment information, content and files, usage data, inferences.
to send periodic emails and otherwise communicate with you through confirmations, invoices, notices, alerts, and administrative messageswe may use the email address to send users information pertaining to their orders and accounts.
it may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and other requests.
applicable categories of user information.
contact information, account activity, payment information, content and files, identifiers and device information, usage data, inferences.
we may use the email address to send users information pertaining to their orders and accounts.
it may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and other requests.
applicable categories of user information.
contact information, account activity, payment information, content and files, identifiers and device information, usage data, inferences.
marketing and advertisingif our users so choose, we may send them emails about products, events, promotions, and offers.
we use third party advertising providers as described in the cookies and similar tracking technologies section.
applicable categories of user information.
contact information, account activity, identifiers and device information, usage data, inferences.
if our users so choose, we may send them emails about products, events, promotions, and offers.
we use third party advertising providers as described in the cookies and similar tracking technologies section.
applicable categories of user information.
contact information, account activity, identifiers and device information, usage data, inferences.
in carrying out these purposes, we combine data we collect from different sources to give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalized experience.
how collected information is shared.
our users may share certain of their information, for example, when users post comments or make forum posts.
if a user posts comments or forum posts, they should remember that this information, together with certain user profile information, may be available to the public.
we cannot control the privacy or security of information that users choose to make public.
we share personal data with your consent or as necessary to complete your transactions or provide the products you have requested or authorized.
although some of your data may be processed by third parties through the use of behavioral and analytics data described above, we do not otherwise sell, trade, or rent users’ personally identifiable information to others.
however, we may share aggregate demographic information, that does not identify any individual user, with our business partners or service providers.
we may share all the categories of information described  in this privacy statement in the following ways.
for the purposes of a merger, financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding involving the sale or transfer of all or substantially all of our business or assets.
for legal, protection, security, and safety purposes.
including to comply with law or regulatory requirements, to respond to lawful requests and legal process, to protect our rights and to protect our network, or in an emergency.
please note that some of our products include references or links to products provided by third parties whose privacy practices differ from ours.
if you provide personal data to any of those third parties, or consent to our sharing personal data with them, that data is governed by their privacy statements.
how we protect your information.
we adopt appropriate practices and security measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of personal information.
data exchange between the site and its users happens over a https secured connection and is encrypted and authorized by digital signatures.
retention of personal information.
we retain personal information for as long as necessary to provide the products and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements.
because these needs can vary for different data types in the context of different products, actual retention periods can vary significantly based on criteria such as user expectations or consent, the sensitivity of the data, the availability of automated controls that enable users to delete data, and our legal or contractual obligations.
for example, we keep access and error logs on active servers for a maximum of 60 days, for the purposes of improving our user experience.
location of personal information.
the personal information we collect may be stored and processed in your country or region, or in any other country where we or our affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers maintain facilities.
currently, we primarily use data centers in the united states.
the storage location(s) are chosen in order to operate efficiently, to improve performance, and to create redundancies in order to protect the data in the event of an outage or other problem.
we take steps designed to ensure that the data we collect under this statement is processed according to the provisions of this statement and applicable law wherever the data is located.
we transfer personal information from the european economic area and switzerland to other countries, some of which have not been determined by the european commission to have an adequate level of data protection.
when we do so, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts, to help ensure your rights and protections.
to learn more about the european commission’s decisions on the adequacy of personal information protections, please visit.
data privacy adequacy decisions.
information choices and changes.
users may send requests about their personal information to us through our contact information below.
they can request to change contact choices or marketing choices and to update, access, delete or make other changes regarding their personal information or content that they post on our site.
we may not honor all such requests unless required by law.
regarding tracking technologies, please review the cookies and tracking technologies section above.
our marketing emails tell recipients how to unsubscribe from further marketing emails.
after opting out, we may still send non-marketing emails.
non-marketing emails include emails about accounts and orders.
deleting an account.
when an account is deleted by a user of adafruit's online services, certain information associated with the account will be deleted and no will no longer be accessible.
we delete online behavioral data stored on our servers, and will send a deletion request to relevant third party services that collect online behavioral data on our behalf.
certain information pertaining to monetary transactions, including but not limited to order information and shipping addresses, as well as data that was flagged as suspicious or fraudulent at the time of creation will be retained for as long as appropriate to comply with our legal obligations or resolve legal disputes.
in order to maintain the user experience of the rest of our customers, publicly posted information including forum posts and blog comments may be retained for the purpose of providing continued support to future customers.
we may also retain account information temporarily in backups and short-term logs.
if you choose to delete your account, other data associated with your account will be deleted and inaccessible to you, this includes but is not limited to shopping history, wishlist and shopping cart contents, and personal website preferences.
individual user records may also be deleted on request by emailing [email protected].
european data protection rights.
if the processing of personal information about you is subject to european union data protection law, you have certain rights with respect to that data.
you can request access to, and rectification or erasure of,  personal information.
if any automated processing of personal information is based on your consent or a contract with you, you have a right to transfer or receive a copy of your personal information in a usable and portable format.
if the processing of personal information is based on your consent, you can withdraw consent at any time for future processing.
and.
you can to object to, or obtain a restriction of, the processing of personal information under certain circumstances.
to make such requests, contact us at [email protected]  you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, but we encourage you to first contact us with any questions or concerns.
california privacy rights.
if you are a california resident and the processing of personal information about you is subject to the california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”), beginning january 2020 you have certain rights with respect to that information.
right to know.
you have the right to request that companies provide you with the following information.
(1) the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
(2) the categories of sources from which we collect personal information.
(3) the purposes for collecting, using, or selling personal information.
(4) the categories of third parties with which we share personal information.
(5) for companies that disclose personal information for a business purpose, the categories of personal information disclosed about you for a business purpose.
note that the ccpa defines “business purpose” broadly.
and because we use service providers for a number of business purposes that require access to our systems that hold personal information (such as supplying cloud data storage, maintaining the security of our systems, and providing customer support), in the past 12 months we have disclosed for a business purpose data from all of the categories of personal information that we maintain.
(6) the categories of personal information we have sold about you (if any) for each category of third parties to which the personal information was sold.
note that the ccpa defines “sell” and “personal information” very broadly, and some of our use of third party service providers described may be considered a “sale” under that definition.
in particular, we let advertising and analytics providers collect ip addresses, and cookie ids through our sites and apps when you use our online services, but do not “sell” any other types of personal information.
for more information, review the third party sites and services section of this privacy statement above.
to make such requests, contact us at the contact information set forth below.
note that we have provided the information described in (2)-(6) in this privacy statement.
right to delete.
you also have a right to request that we delete personal information under certain circumstances, subject to a number of exceptions.
right to opt-out.
you have a right to opt-out from future “sales” of personal information.
to do so, you can opt-out of our use of certain third-party sites and services as described in the third party sites and services section of this privacy statement.
you may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the ccpa.
before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require the agent to provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us.
you have a right to not be discriminated against for exercising rights set out in the ccpa.
notification of law enforcement or governmental requests.
adafruit may choose to notify users of requests for their information prior to disclosure where adafruit is prohibited from doing so by statute or court order (e.
g.
, an order under 18 u.
s.
c.
2705(b)).
for more on our law enforcement request policies, please read our law enforcement request faqs.
general inquiries.
other general inquiries may be sent via e-mail to.
[email protected].
special thanks.
adafruit appreciates the work done by twitter (and sparkfun) for their legal request guidelines.
changes to this privacy policy.
we update this policy in our discretion at any time by posting the amended version here or by providing such notice about or obtaining consent to changes as may be required by applicable law.
when we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page.
we encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.
contacting us.
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at.
adafruit industries, llc150 varick streetnew york, new york 10013[email protected].
this document was last updated on october 12, 2021.
for security related matters please email.
[email protected].
contact us.
tech support forums.
faqs.
shipping & returns.
terms of service.
privacy & legal.
website accessibility.
about us.
press.
educators.
distributors.
jobs.
gift cards.
