home.
about.
divisions.
market sectors.
case studies.
apprentice academy.
careers.
news.
contact.
talk to us.
see all divisions.
adi automation.
adi automotive services.
adi building & refurbishment.
adi climate systems.
adi electrical.
adi environmental.
adi facilities engineering.
adi fire & security.
adi food & beverage.
adi healy compressors.
adi intelligent buildings.
adi ireland.
adi lean manufacturing.
adi mechanical.
adi process pipework.
adi projects.
adi vt lift & escalator.
adi vehicle charging solutions.
adi waste systems.
adi water pollution containment.
see all sectors.
food & beverage.
aerospace & defence.
automotive.
biosciences.
manufacturing.
petrochemicals.
see all about pages.
our history.
our members.
responsible business.
privacy policy.
at systems adi group limited, we’re committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
this policy explains when and why we collect personal information about people who visit our website, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
we may change this policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes.
by using our website, you’re agreeing to be bound by this policy.
any questions regarding this policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to or by writing to adi group head office, faq customer engagement, 66 melchett road, kings norton business centre, kings norton, birmingham, b30 3hx.
alternatively, you can telephone 0121 451 2255.
talk to us.
we’re systems adi group limited, a multi-disciplined engineering firm delivering engineering solutions to industries such as aerospace & defence, automotive, food & beverage, manufacturing, petrochemical and pharmaceutical.
the systems adi group comprises 18 limited companies and over 30 inter-company trading divisions.
we are a registered private limited company (company registration no.
3124499 / vat registration no.
551 3614 63).
the registered address for adi group is head office, 66 melchett road, kings norton business centre, kings norton, birmingham, b30 3hx.
we obtain information about you when you use our website, for example, when you contact us about our products and services, when you apply for one of our job vacancies or apprenticeship roles via the adi group website or, if you register to receive our email marketing newsletter.
google analytics.
when you visit  we use google analytics (a third-party service) to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns.
we do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site and to help us improve the way in which you experience our website.
this information is only processed in a way that does not identify anyone.
we do not make and do not allow google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
for information about how google analytics uses your personal information, please see .
website users who don’t want their data collected with google analytics can install the google analytics opt out browser add on.
.
this adds on instructs the google analytics javascript running on our site to prohibit sending information to google analytics.
if you would like to opt-out of google analytics, download and install the add-on for your web browser.
the google analytics opt-out add-on is designed to be compatible with chrome, internet explorer 11, safari, firefox and opera.
mailchimp.
if you choose to subscribe to our e-newsletter, we utilise mailchimp – a third-party provider of email marketing services.
we do this to manage our email marketing subscriber lists and send emails to our subscribers.
for information about how mailchimp uses your personal information, please see.
.
cookies.
a cookie is a small file stored on your computer or device, which enables our website to identify your computer or device as you view our website pages.
cookies allow websites to store your preferences and track how websites are used.
we may use cookies to.
record website usage data.
test content on our website.
store information about your preferences.
recognise when you return to our website.
cookies do not provide us with access to your computer.
you can use your web browser’s settings to refuse cookies if you wish.
for more information, please refer to our cookie policy.
the personal information we collect might include your name, address, email address, ip address, or other fields on our online forms.
if you apply for one of our vacancies in addition to the above, we’ll also collect a copy of your cv on submission of your application to enable us to access your suitability for a particular post.
we may use your information to.
improve the site by monitoring how you use it.
analyse the popularity and impact of our site.
process an enquiry you have made via our website contact forms.
process a job application.
seek your views or comments on the services we provide.
notify you of changes to our services.
send you communications which you have requested such as our newsletter and that may be of interest to you.
these may include information about campaigns related to systems adi group, promotions of our associated companies services, other job vacancies that we feel you may be suitable for.
help answer your questions and solve any issues you have.
job applications – group human resources department and hiring manager(s) applicable to the post applied for.
website enquiries – group communications and it department and person(s) within the group whom your enquiry is relevant to, to enable us to best respond to your enquiry.
we do not sell or rent your information to any third parties.
we will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
you have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us.
systems adi group will respond to you with information related to the enquiry or job application you have submitted through our online forms only.
if you do not want to receive direct marketing communications from us about our engineering services for industry, then you don’t need to worry as we do not send marketing communications out without asking you first.
we only contact individuals that choose to subscribe by filling out the subscribe form located in the footer on our website.
if you have subscribed to this service, you can unsubscribe at any time by simply clicking the unsubscribe link in our e-mail newsletters.
we will not contact you for marketing purposes by email, phone or text message unless you have given your prior consent.
we will not contact you for marketing purposes by post if you have indicated that you do not wish to be contacted.
you can change your marketing preferences at any time by contacting us by email.
or telephone on 0121 451 2255.
we take a range of measures to protect any information that you submit via the systems adi group website such as use of secure access eg firewalls and encryption to secure file servers.
as part of the services offered to you through this website, the information which you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside the uk and european union (“eu”).
by way of example, this may happen if any of our servers are from time to time located in a country outside of the uk and eu.
these countries may not have similar data protection laws to the uk.
by submitting your personal data, you’re agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing.
if we transfer your information outside of the eu in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this policy.
if you use our services while you are outside the eu, your information may be transferred outside the eu in order to provide you with those services.
we review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis.
we are legally required to hold some types of information to fulfil our statutory obligations.
we will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.
we are concerned to protect the privacy of all children aged 16 or under.
if you are aged 16 or under‚ please get your parent or guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information or if you fill out one of our online forms or apply for one of our apprenticeship or pre-apprenticeship roles.
our website may contain links to other websites which are outside of systems adi group limited’s control and are not covered by this privacy policy.
this may include links to news articles on our services or business for example.
these websites have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or accountability for these policies external to the systems adi group website.
who can i contact.
if you have any questions about how your personal information is used, or wish to exercise any of your rights, please consult the systems adi group data protection officer .
how do i make a complaint.
if you are not happy with the way your information is being handled, or with the response received from us, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the information commissioner’s office at wycliffe house, water lane, wilmslow, sk9 5af (.
talk to us.
talk to us.
fill in the submission below and a member of our team will be in touch shortly.
upon submitting this form, adi total engineered solutions will process your information in line with our privacy policy which can be found here.
credentials.
divisions.
adi automation.
adi automotive.
adi building & refurbishment.
adi climate systems.
adi electrical.
adi environmental.
adi facilities engineering.
adi fire & security.
adi food and beverage.
adi healy compressors.
adi intelligent buildings.
adi ireland.
adi lean manufacturing.
adi mechanical.
adi process pipework.
adi projects.
adi vehicle charging solutions.
adi vt lift & escalator.
adi waste systems.
adi water pollution containment.
sectors.
food & beverage.
automotive.
petrochemicals.
biosciences.
aerospace & defence.
manufacturing.
institutional.
home.
about adi.
careers.
case studies.
contacts.
news & insights.
social responsibility.
facebook.
instagram.
linkedin.
twitter.
copyright 2021 systems adi group limited.
company registration no.
3124499.
vat registration no.
551 3614 63.
cookies policy.
modern slavery statement.
privacy policy.
talk to us.
fill in the submission below and a member of our team will be in touch shortly.
upon submitting this form, adi total engineered solutions will process your information in line with our privacy policy which can be found here.
