companymanagementaffiliationsawards & certificationscareerscontact us.
management.
affiliations.
awards & certifications.
careers.
contact us.
newspress releaseswhite papersmedia kitmedia contact.
press releases.
white papers.
media kit.
media contact.
events.
productsichiggs®-3higgs®-4higgs®-9higgs®-ectagssquiggle tagsdocshortsquigsquigglesquiglettehigh dielectric & automotive tagsaviatortreadbiog-tagwonder dogform factor tags2×2sitslimlinesquarespecialized retail tagsgeckoglintgt-wgthiscanpearlspider-360readersenterprisealr-f800alr-f800-x w/emissarycommercialalr-9680 (4-port)nexus multiplexor systemwarrantyantennasalr-8697, alr-8698download files.
ichiggs®-3higgs®-4higgs®-9higgs®-ec.
higgs®-3.
higgs®-4.
higgs®-9.
higgs®-ec.
tagssquiggle tagsdocshortsquigsquigglesquiglettehigh dielectric & automotive tagsaviatortreadbiog-tagwonder dogform factor tags2×2sitslimlinesquarespecialized retail tagsgeckoglintgt-wgthiscanpearlspider-360.
squiggle tagsdocshortsquigsquigglesquiglette.
doc.
short.
squig.
squiggle.
squiglette.
high dielectric & automotive tagsaviatortreadbiog-tagwonder dog.
aviator.
tread.
bio.
g-tag.
wonder dog.
form factor tags2×2sitslimlinesquare.
2×2.
sit.
slimline.
square.
specialized retail tagsgeckoglintgt-wgthiscanpearlspider-360.
gecko.
glint.
gt-w.
gt.
hiscan.
pearl.
spider-360.
readersenterprisealr-f800alr-f800-x w/emissarycommercialalr-9680 (4-port)nexus multiplexor systemwarranty.
enterprisealr-f800alr-f800-x w/emissary.
alr-f800.
alr-f800-x w/emissary.
commercialalr-9680 (4-port).
alr-9680 (4-port).
nexus multiplexor system.
warranty.
antennasalr-8697, alr-8698.
alr-8697, alr-8698.
download files.
servicesproduct certificationsapplication notescase studiescontact salescontact tech support.
product certifications.
application notes.
case studies.
contact sales.
contact tech support.
partnersvaspvars & si’ssoftwareplatformconvertershardwarepartner portal.
vasp.
vars & si’s.
software.
platform.
converters.
hardware.
partner portal.
中文.
privacy policy.
privacy policy.
privacy policy.
we at alien technology llc (“alien”) value our customers and respect your privacy.
we collect information about you through our website in order to improve your overall experience and communicate with you.
we are committed to protecting all of the personally identifiable information (“personal information”) that you share with us.
this privacy policy is designed to help you understand the care with which we intend to treat your personal information.
this policy describes the personal information we collect about you, why we collect it, how we use it, and when we share it with third parties.
our policy also describes the choices you can make about how we collect and use your information.
if our information practices change, we will post an updated policy on our website.
you can tell if the policy has changed by checking the effective date that appears below.
if we change the policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate notice to you.
you may exercise your choices about how we collect and use your information consistent with this policy at any time.
if you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us as described in the section entitled, “contact information,” below.
what personal information do we gather/track.
personal information includes any information that may be used to identify an individual such as a first and last name, a home or other physical address, a telephone or facsimile number, an email address or other contact information.
we may need to obtain your personal information in order to process orders, provide you with information, products or services that you request or you may choose to provide us with your personal information.
we request personal information when you request information about products, order products, request a service, correspond with us or engage in certain other activities through our website.
you make the decision whether to proceed with any activity that requests personal information.
if you do not wish to provide the requested information, however, you may be unable to complete the matter.
what do we do with the information we gather/track.
we often use personal information you provide us to provide you with information about new services, informative emails, and research on future product ideas or improvements.
additionally, we use personal information to allow you to obtain access to services, information about products or otherwise engage in other activities you select.
with whom may we share the information we gather/track.
occasionally, we may share personal information with our selected business partners for the purpose of providing you with improved products or services.
if you prefer that we not provide your information to our business partners, you may let us know by using one of the methods described below in this privacy policy.
we also retain the services of outside contractors to provide services for us.
they may be used to provide training services, technical support, to develop or manufacture products, to handle order processing and fulfillment or to perform other services.
we require that these contractors keep the personal information of customers secure and confidential.
we also require that these contractors use personal information only on behalf of alien.
please be advised that in certain instances, it may be necessary for alien to disclose personal information to government officials or otherwise as required by our legal obligations.
choice/opt-out.
alien provides a number of ways for you to “opt-out” of receiving additional information from us or having us provide your personal information to our partners.
we may offer you these choices at the time you give us your information.
users who no longer wish to receive our promotional communications may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to an email communication and writing “unsubscribe” in the subject line in the email or by emailing us at .
cookies and other tracking technologies.
some of our website pages utilize “cookies” and other tracking technologies.
a “cookie” is a small text file that may be used, for example, to collect information about website activity.
some cookies and other technologies may serve to recall personal information previously indicated by a website user.
most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them.
you may set your browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser.
tracking technologies may record information such as internet domain and host names.
internet protocol (ip) addresses.
browser software and operating system types.
clickstream patterns.
and dates and times that our website is accessed.
our use of cookies and other tracking technologies allows us to improve our website and your experience.
we may also analyze information that does not contain personal information for trends and statistics.
links to business partners and co-branded websites.
our website pages may contain links to other websites.
we do not necessarily share personal information with those websites and are not responsible for their privacy practices.
we encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies.
our website pages may contain links to websites operated by other companies.
some of these third-party websites may be co-branded with an alien logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by alien.
although we choose our business partners carefully, alien is not responsible for the privacy practices of websites operated by third parties that are linked to our website.
once you have left our website pages, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party website to determine how they will handle any information they collect from you.
children and privacy.
our website pages do not target and are not intended to attract children under the age of 13.
alien does not knowingly solicit personal information from children under the age of 13 or send them requests for personal information.
access/accuracy.
to the extent that you do provide us with personal information, alien wishes to maintain accurate personal information.
where we collect personal information from you on our website, our goal is to provide a means of contacting alien should you need to review, update or correct that information.
if for any reason those means are unavailable or inaccessible, you may send updates and corrections about your personal information by email to and we will make reasonable efforts to incorporate the changes in your personal information that we hold as soon as practicable.
your consent.
by using this website, you consent to the terms of our privacy policy and to alien’s processing of personal information for the purposes given above as well as those explained where alien collects personal information on the internet.
should the privacy policy change, we intend to take every reasonable step to ensure that these changes are brought to your attention by posting all changes prominently on our website for a reasonable period of time.
contact information.
if you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at.
alien technology845 embedded waysan josé ca‎ .
your california privacy rights.
beginning on january 1, 2005, california civil code section 1798.
83 permits customers of alien who are california residents to request certain information regarding alien’s disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
to request such information, please contact us using one of the options listed above under the heading “contact information.
”.
within thirty (30) days of receiving such a request, we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to separate legal entities for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these entities.
this request may be made no more than once per calendar year.
we reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the email or mailing addresses specified in this paragraph.
modifications.
subject to the legal requirements of your jurisdiction of residence for notice and consent, alien may at any time revise this privacy policy by updating this posting and its revision date.
california law and controlling u.
s.
federal law govern any action related to this privacy policy.
if any provision of this privacy policy is held invalid by any law or regulation of any government, or by any court or arbitrator, the parties agree that such provision will be replaced with a new provision that accomplishes the original business purpose, and the other provisions of this privacy policy will remain in full force and effect.
this privacy policy, together with the terms of use governing your use of this website, constitute the entire agreement between you and alien relating to their subject matter.
no modification to this privacy policy will be binding, unless in writing and signed by an officer of alien.
dated.
updated with new company address, may 1, 2015.
copyright © 2022 alien technology, llc.
all rights reserved.
wordpress download manager - best download management plugin.
