english.
deutsch (deutschland).
español (españa).
français (france).
中文(中国).
africa and middle east.
asia-pacific.
europe.
north america.
south america.
please login, or  sign up.
unsupported browser.
it looks like you’re using a web browser that we don’t support.
to get the best experience, please use one of these supported browsers.
✓ chrome.
✓ firefox.
✓ edge.
✓ opera.
✓ safari.
productscable wire accessories custom.
cable.
wire.
accessories.
custom.
marketsmedical devices motors & drives semiconductor material handling industrial packaging military solar power pulp and paper.
medical devices.
motors & drives.
semiconductor.
material handling.
industrial packaging.
military.
solar power.
pulp and paper.
resourcesknowledge center regulation and compliance terms and conditions tools rohs certification search help.
knowledge center.
regulation and compliance.
terms and conditions.
tools.
rohs certification search.
help.
partnersfind a distributor distributor stock search.
find a distributor.
distributor stock search.
alpha wire >.
company >.
privacy >.
privacy.
last updated.
5/9/2018.
this cookie statement explains how alpha wire inc.
, and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively “alpha wire”, "we", "us", and "ours") use cookies and similar technologies to recognise you when you visit our websites at  and other alpha wire owned websites ("websites").
it explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.
for additional information regarding our privacy practices, please visit alphawire.
com/company/privacy.
what are cookies.
cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website.
cookies are widely used by website owners in order to make their websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information.
why do we use cookies.
we use first party cookies (cookies set by alpha wire) and third party cookies (cookies set by someone other than alpha wire) for several reasons.
some cookies are required for technical reasons in order for our websites to operate, and we refer to these as "essential" or "strictly necessary" cookies.
other cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our websites.
third parties serve cookies through our websites for functionality, analytics, advertising, and other purposes.
this is described in more detail below.
types of cookies we use, and how you can control them.
the specific types of first and third party cookies served through our websites and the purposes they perform are described in the paragraphs that follow.
essential website cookies.
essential website cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our websites and to use their features, such as to access secure areas.
as a result of the essential nature of essential website cookies, they cannot be refused.
you can, however, block or delete them by changing your browser settings as described below under the sub-heading, “controlling cookies.
”.
performance and functionality cookies.
performance and functionality cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our websites but are non-essential to their use.
without these cookies, certain functionality (like videos) may become unavailable.
analytics and customisation cookies.
analytics and customization cookies collect information that is used in an aggregate, anonymous form to help us understand how our websites are being used, or to help us customize our website to fit your preferences.
this information is used for statistical purposes only and it is not our intention to use such information to personally identify any user.
however, if you have registered and signed into this website we may combine this information with information from our web analytic services and cookies to analyse how you use this website in more detail.
advertising cookies.
advertising cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you.
they perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
social networking cookies.
social networking cookies are used to enable you to share pages and content that you find interesting on our websites through third party social networking websites.
these cookies may also be used for advertising purposes.
controlling cookies.
you have the right to control and manage cookies in various ways.
please bear in mind that blocking or refusing cookies can impact your user experience, and parts of our websites may no longer be fully accessible.
most web browsers will allow you to see what cookies you have and delete them on an individual basis or block cookies from specific or all websites.
for more information on how to modify your browsers settings to block or filer cookies, please see  or   in addition, most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising.
if you would like to find out more information, please visit  or .
our websites also use google analytics, a popular web analytics service offered by google.
you can opt-out of having your anonymized browsing activity within websites recorded by google analytics by clicking on the following link.
.
what about other tracking technologies, like web beacons.
cookies are not the only way to recognise or track visitors to a website.
we may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called "tracking pixels" or "clear gifs").
these are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognise when someone has visited our websites, or opened an e-mail that we have sent them.
this allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our websites to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our websites from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to improve site performance, and to measure the success of e-mail marketing campaigns.
in many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functioning.
do you use flash cookies or local shared objects.
our websites may also use so-called "flash cookies" (also known as local shared objects or "lsos") to, among other things, collect and store information about your use of our services, fraud prevention and for other site operations.
if you do not want flash cookies stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings of your flash player to block flash cookies storage using the tools contained in the website storage settings panel.
you can also control flash cookies by going to the global storage settings panel and following the instructions (which may include instructions that explain, for example, how to delete existing flash cookies (referred to "information" on the adobe site), how to prevent flash lsos from being placed on your computer without your being asked, and (for flash player 8 and later) how to block flash cookies that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time).
please note that setting the flash player to restrict or limit acceptance of flash cookies may reduce or impede the functionality of some flash applications, including, potentially, flash applications used in connection with our services or online content.
do you serve targeted advertising.
third parties may serve cookies on your computer or mobile device to serve advertising through our websites.
these companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services that you may be interested in.
they may also employ technology that is used to measure the effectiveness of advertisements.
this can be accomplished by them using cookies or web beacons to collect information about your visits to this and other sites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services of potential interest to you.
the information collected through this process does not enable us or them to identify your name, contact details or other personally identifying details unless you choose to provide these.
how often will you update this cookie statement.
we may update this cookie statement from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
please therefore re-visit this cookie statement regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies.
the date at the top of this cookie statement indicates when it was last updated.
where can i get further information.
if you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please email us at .
quick links.
rohs search.
competitor cross.
reach.
stock search.
find a distributor.
resources.
request a sample.
heat shrink size guide.
regulation and compliance.
speak to sales.
product changes.
about alpha wire.
about alpha wire.
news and events.
career opportunities.
help.
iso certifications.
follow us.
facebook.
linkedin.
twitter.
youtube.
1-800-52-alpha.
terms and conditions.
privacy policy.
customer support.
sitemap.
