allez au menu.
allez au contenu.
allez au pied de page.
europefrancegermanyaustriabelgiumitalyspainnetherlandsswedendenmarkfinlandunited kingdomportugalswitzerlandluxembourgromaniapoland.
france.
germany.
austria.
belgium.
italy.
spain.
netherlands.
sweden.
denmark.
finland.
united kingdom.
portugal.
switzerland.
luxembourg.
romania.
poland.
americasunited states of americacanadamexico.
united states of america.
canada.
mexico.
asiachinaindiajapansouth korea.
china.
india.
japan.
south korea.
africa & middle eastmorocco.
morocco.
group.
services.
sectorsaeronauticsenergy & environmentspacelife sciencesdefense & navalbanking, finance & insurancesecuritytelecoms & mediaautomotiveretail & consumer servicesrailpublic sector & government services.
aeronautics.
energy & environment.
space.
life sciences.
defense & naval.
banking, finance & insurance.
security.
telecoms & media.
automotive.
retail & consumer services.
rail.
public sector & government services.
careers.
investors.
newsroom.
privacy policy.
the protection of your personal data is a great importance for the alten group.
alten takes all necessary precautions to ensure that all your personal data are processed with upmost security according to the regulations.
you will find below detailed information about the process of your personal data when you are consulting this website.
who is responsible of the processing of your personal data.
your personal data are processed by alten as data controller.
alten is located at 40, avenue andré morizet 92100 boulogne-billancourt.
the contact details of the data protection coordinator are the following.
.
how is your data used.
your personal data are used by alten for the following purposes.
respond and process your messages for all questions or requests for information.
manage your resume submission and the process of recruitment.
guarantee the security of our website.
understand the navigation of the users on our website, but in a non-personalized manner.
alten also uses cookies when you are navigating on its website.
you can find out more about the usage of these cookies by alten by clicking here.
please note that the processing of personal data is based on the legitimate interest of alten.
who has access to your data.
the information we have gathered is exclusively destined to the communication and human resources departments of alten.
none of your personal data will be shared with third parties.
how long personal data will be stored.
in the “contact” section, the time to process the request.
to process your resume submission and to manage the recruitment process, 2 years after our last contact with you.
to guarantee the security of our website, the data concerning user accounts are stored for 1 year.
the users navigation data on our website is stored up to 13 month.
what are your rights.
you have a right of access, correction and deletion for the data related to you, a right of limitation, portability, erasure and opposition for legitimate reasons, along with the right to issue directives as to what becomes of your data in the event of death, which you may exercise by sending an email to the alten dpo at the following address.
.
furthermore, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the national authority, specifically on the authority’s website.
find your national authority and its website by clicking here.
rectification of the policy.
the present policy was updated july 10, 2018.
if the present policy is changed or updated, you will be informed on the site.
alten thanks you for your visit on the site.
if you would like to know more about alten offers you can click here.
quick accessalten groupservicesinvestorsresponsibility & sustainabilitycareersnewsroom.
alten group.
services.
investors.
responsibility & sustainability.
careers.
newsroom.
sectorsautomotiveaeronauticsspacedefense & navalsecurityenergy & environmentlife sciencesbanking, finance & insuranceretail & consumer servicestelecoms & mediarailpublic sector & government services.
automotive.
aeronautics.
space.
defense & naval.
security.
energy & environment.
life sciences.
banking, finance & insurance.
retail & consumer services.
telecoms & media.
rail.
public sector & government services.
investorsshareholders arearesponsibility and sustainability.
shareholders area.
responsibility and sustainability.
