home.
about us.
products.
contact us.
support.
demo.
privacy  policy.
provide us with feedback on our products or services.
we may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways.
our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
as of june 24 2016 our entire website is ssl secure.
help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
keep track of advertisements.
compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
we may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies.
you do this through your browser (like internet explorer) settings.
each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
if you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled it won’t affect the user’s experience that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
however, you can still place orders .
google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by google’s advertising principles.
they are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
.
when it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the children’s online privacy protection act (coppa) puts parents in control.
the federal trade commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the coppa rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
the fair information practices principles form the backbone of privacy law in the united states and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe.
understanding the fair information practice principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
the can-spam act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
and we will promptly remove you from all correspondence.
if there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
extra resources.
reliable annunciators for all industries.
about our company.
overview of products.
contact us | sales & technical support.
demo.
additional resources.
annunciator demonstration.
product warranty and sales policy.
