services.
clients.
work.
about.
news & updates.
contact.
services.
clients.
work.
about.
news & updates.
contact.
this privacy policy governs your use of the software applications (“application”) created by applied informatics inc.
what information does the application obtain and how is it used.
user provided information.
user provided information.
the application obtains information you provide (ie.
, symptoms) when you use the features of the application.
you will remain anonymous when you join and start tracking.
users younger than 13 years old are prohibited from downloading and using the application.
automatically collected information.
in addition, the application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device id, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the application.
do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the application.
information that users directly input into the application is not shared with any third parties unless there is a scenario that meets one of these conditions.
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process.
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
what are my opt-out rights.
you can discontinue use by uninstalling the application.
you may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
privacy and data confidentiality.
your privacy is important to us.
we will use strict information technology procedures to safeguard your data and prevent improper access.
data is stored in our secure databases with access to only authorized individuals.
this includes all images too.
no data such as survey responses is stored on users phone.
only data that is already being tracked on your  phone using phone sensors like gps, barometer, step tracking (shared by user for the purpose of tracking) remains on the phone as this data is outside the tracker app itself and the tracker app does not have permission to delete this data from the user’s phone.
we follow all industry best practices for hipaa compliance.
data is sent from the devices to our servers in encrypted form using ssl encryption.
all images are encoded.
all database access is restricted to authorized individuals only.
we will not access your personal phone contacts, texts, emails, personal photos, or websites visited.
your authorization to use and share your tracked data will expire when you opt out of the application or uninstall the application.
security.
we are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information.
we provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain.
for example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our application.
please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
data retention policy, managing your information.
we will retain user provided data for as long as you use the application and for a reasonable time thereafter.
we will retain automatically collected information for up to 30 days and thereafter may store it in aggregate.
please note that some or all of the user provided data may be required in order for the application to function properly.
changes.
this privacy policy may be updated from time to time for any reason.
we will notify you of any changes to our privacy policy by posting the new privacy policy here.
you are advised to consult this privacy policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
contact us.
if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, you may contact us at .
company hq.
connect.
