cloud solutionsenterprise asset managementinventory managementfield servicesintegrated connected service vehicle managementinvoice managementtravel and expense.
enterprise asset management.
inventory management.
field servicesintegrated connected service vehicle management.
integrated connected service vehicle management.
invoice management.
travel and expense.
industriesdepartment of defensearmory/militaryfederal/state/local governmenteducationpublic safetyfacilities managementhealthcarevaccine distribution managementindustrial iotconstructionenergylogistics & transportationtelecommunicationsmanufacturingretailwireless services.
department of defensearmory/military.
armory/military.
federal/state/local governmenteducationpublic safetyfacilities management.
education.
public safety.
facilities management.
healthcarevaccine distribution management.
vaccine distribution management.
industrial iotconstructionenergylogistics & transportationtelecommunications.
construction.
energy.
logistics & transportation.
telecommunications.
manufacturing.
retailwireless services.
wireless services.
iot technologyi-connect network devicesrf beacon tracking devicesrtls asset tracking lte/gpsodbii telematicsrfid tags.
i-connect network devices.
rf beacon tracking devices.
rtls asset tracking lte/gps.
odbii telematics.
rfid tags.
aboutleadershippartnershipsour customersour technologynewscareerscontact.
leadership.
partnerships.
our customers.
our technology.
news.
careers.
contact.
schedule a demo with one of our asset specialists.
privacy policy.
apptricity.
privacy policy.
users’ privacy is extremely important to us and we are committed to safeguarding the information you entrust to us.
apptricity.
com will not disclose information about customers or users without express permission unless the release of said information is required by government subpoena.
information collection practices.
apptricity.
com may collect personally identifiable information from users in a variety of ways, including through online forms and other instances where users are invited to volunteer such information.
we may also collect information about how users interact with our website.
this information is obtained through analysis of server logs and through the use of “cookies” placed on user machines.
a cookie is a piece of software that a web server can store on a pc to identify the user should they visit the website again.
while not all of the information that we collect from users is personally identifiable, it may be associated with personally identifiable information that users provide us through our website.
information usage.
apptricity.
com may use personally identifiable information collected through our website to contact users regarding products and services offered by apptricity.
com.
we may also use information collected through our website for research regarding the effectiveness of the website and the marketing, and sales efforts of apptricity.
com.
information disclosure.
apptricity.
com will not disclose information about customers or users without express permission unless the release of said information is required to facilitate action requested by the user, or is required by government subpoena.
questions.
please contact us with any questions regarding our privacy policy by calling 800.
693.
2193 or email .
north america.
220 e.
las colinas blvd suite 400irving, texas 75039, usatoll-free.
.
europe.
20-22 wenlock rdlondon n1 7gu, .
contact us.
solutions.
enterprise asset management.
field services.
inventory management.
spend management.
travel & expense.
invoice management.
solutions by industry.
about our company.
about.
training & support.
careers.
news.
mobile privacy policy.
the leader in global real-time asset management, apptricity provides continuous asset tracking and supply chain solutions with the most secure, accurate, and dependable asset monitoring and data intelligence available.
we place our clients at the center of all we do, providing them with uninterrupted global access to mission critical information in real time.
media contact.
christian .
sitemap.
copyright © 2021 apptricity corporation.
all rights reserved.
privacy policy.
