privacy policy.
aquicore privacy policy (us).
aquicore, inc.
(“aquicore”) is committed to protecting the privacy of the personal information of our visitors to our website  this privacy policy describes how we collect, use, and disclose, personal information of individuals who access or use our website (“you, “ “your,” or “user.
”).
this policy applies to the aquicore website at  (the “website” or the “site”).
this policy covers information we collect online, not offline, from u.
s.
residents.
the site is owned and operated by aquicore located at 655 new york ave nw, 6th floor, washington dc 20004.
any personally identifiable information (“personal information”) collected by the site shall be used only in a manner consistent with this privacy policy.
by accessing the site, downloading a case study, reading or searching our blog, requesting a free initial benchmarking and assessment, requesting or watching a demo, subscribing to our blog or newsletter or contacting us (together, the “services”), you expressly agree to the use of your information for the purposes described in this policy.
if you do not agree with this privacy policy or any changes to it, you should not use or access our website or services.
changes to our privacy policy.
if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page and update the privacy policy modification date.
please check back regularly to review any changes to this privacy policy.
this policy was last modified on january 14, 2015.
personal information.
personally identifiable information (“personal information”) is information about you that you provide to us that is personally identifying and that is not otherwise publicly available.
for example, your name, email address, and telephone number might be deemed “personal information” under this policy.
the definition of personal information or personally identifiable information depends on your physical location and may include other types of information.
only the definition that applies to your physical location will apply to you under this privacy policy.
100% opt-in.
providing personal information by accessing our services is entirely voluntary and is by opt-in only.
you can opt-in by signing up for certain services or by emailing us for information.
if you do not opt-in we will have no way of providing certain services to you or responding to your inquiries or requests for information.
by opting in you are providing your express consent to the collection, use, retention, and disclosure of your personal information as explained in this privacy policy.
users who provide personal information to the site are expected to provide complete, accurate and up to date information.
you may change, update, modify or delete your personal information as described below.
what personal information do we collect.
you can browse our site, download a case study, and read and search our blog without providing any personal information.
when you browse our site, our web server automatically gathers and logs the following information about your visit.
your internet domain name and ip address, the type of browser and operating system used to access our site, the pages you visit, and the date and time of your visit.
ip addresses are not linked to personal information.
we use the information collected by our web server primarily to learn about the number of people who visit our site and the technology used in order to assist in developing changes to our site, to improve the content of our site, and for business planning purposes.
when you watch or request a demo, we collect your first and last name, email address and phone number.
when you request a free initial benchmarking and assessment, we collect your first and last name, company name, email and phone number.
when you sign up for our newsletter “energybeat” or subscribe to our blog, we collect your email address.
when you contact us through our contact us page, we collect your first and last name, email address, company name and job title.
we collect this information in order to provide the requested services and to contact you or respond to your inquiries.
you may unsubscribe from aquicore emails at any time by clicking “unsubscribe” at the bottom of the emails you receive from us.
we will retain personal information we process for as long as needed to provide the services.
we will retain and use this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
do we use cookies.
when you visit the site or use the services, we use session “cookies” — a piece of information stored on your computer — to allow us to uniquely identify your browser while you are logged in and to enable aquicore to process your online transactions.
we do not link the information we store in cookies to any personal information you submit while on our site.
session cookies also help us confirm your identity and are required in order to log in into your account.
aquicore uses persistent cookies that only aquicore can read and use, to identify you as an aquicore user and to make it easier for you to log into your account.
users who disable their web browsers’ ability to accept cookies will be able to browse our site, but will not be able to access or take advantage of the services.
our site does not install cookies on behalf of third-party marketers, and no third-party marketing cookies are installed on users’ computers when they use or access the site.
we currently use the following cookies.
google analytics.
the google analytics cookie allows us to see information on user website activity including, but not limited to page views, referral and average time spent on the website.
the information is depersonalized and is displayed as numbers, meaning it will not be tracked back to individuals, which helps to protect your privacy.
using google analytics, we can see what content is popular on a website and strive to ensure you have the best user experience possible.
double click.
we use google analytics remarketing codes to log when users view specific pages or take specific actions on a website.
this allows us to provide targeted advertising in the future.
opt out options.
you can opt out of google’s use of cookies by visiting google’s ads settings.
hubspot.
the site uses hubspot software to manage and provide the services.
to learn about hubspot’s use of cookies and other navigational information and to view hubspot’s privacy policy, please go to.
.
how do we protect your information.
we will take reasonable precautions to protect personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, alteration and destruction.
we follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.
therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
email communications.
our software does not encrypt email messages.
email messages traveling through the internet are subject to viewing, alteration, and copying by potentially anyone on the internet.
please keep in mind that transmitting information via email over the internet is never completely secure and thus any information submitted may be intercepted, collected, used, or disclosed by others.
if you are concerned about the security of your communication(s), we encourage you to send your correspondence through the united states postal service or use the telephone to speak directly to us.
we are not responsible for the security or confidentiality of communications you send to us through the internet using email messages.
choice and consent.
by opting-in to access the site or the services you expressly consent to the collection, use, retention, and disclosure of your information as described in this privacy policy.
each time you use or access the site or services, you are giving your express consent to the collection, use, retention, and disclosure of your information as described in this privacy policy.
if you wish to opt out and withdraw your consent, you may do so at any time by emailing us at.
if you opt out and withdraw your consent you will no longer be able to use certain of our services and we will not have any means by which to respond to your questions or comments that you email to the site.
do we disclose personal information to third parties or across borders.
we do not sell, share or disclose your personal information to third parties other than those parties necessary to enable us to provide the services.
however, non-personally identifiable user information may be provided to third parties as described in this policy.
this site is geared towards u.
s.
residents.
given that the internet operates in a global environment and that, if you operate outside of the united states, transfer of your data is necessary for you to use our services or request information from us, using the internet to collect and process your personal information necessarily involves the transmission of data on a cross-border basis to the united states.
by registering for the site or accessing the services, and/or communicating with us by email outside of the u.
s.
, you acknowledge and expressly consent to our processing, disclosure and transfer, including cross-border transfer, of your personal information in this way.
for users who are located outside the united states, personal information will be transferred to the united states where our servers are located and where it will be processed and stored.
we will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy in respect of such transfer, but will not otherwise take steps to ensure compliance with applicable laws in each user’s country of residence.
by registering for the site, by accessing the services and/or by emailing us, you expressly agree to such transfer and disclosure.
we may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or other’s rights, property, or safety.
because our servers, which store your information, are located in the u.
s.
a.
, your information may be available to u.
s.
government entities or agencies under a lawful court order in the u.
s.
aquicore also may transfer any and all information that we collect about you to third parties in the event of any merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of aquicore’s assets or stock (including without limitation in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
third party sites and links.
our site may contain links to other websites that are independent, are not owned or operated by us, are not covered by this privacy policy and which may incorporate third party information.
these third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
if you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you, which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours.
we therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of other websites, even if they are linked to our site.
social media features.
our site includes features from social media websites such as the facebook like button and features on linkedin, googleplus, and twitter and that run on our site.
these features may collect your ip address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site.
this privacy policy does not apply to these features.
your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy and other policies of the companies providing them.
california do not track disclosures and other disclosures under caloppa.
we currently do not honor do not track signals.
personal information collected by us as described in this privacy policy is not maintained in personally identifiable form in combination with any identifier collected by cookies, web beacons, or other technologies.
children’s online privacy protection act compliance.
we are in compliance with the requirements of coppa (children’s online privacy protection act), as we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age.
the site is directed to people who are at least 18 years old or older.
access to your information.
you may access, review, change, update, modify or delete your personal information by emailing us at.
.
if you wish to unsubscribe from any of our emails, please click on the “unsubscribe” feature on the email you receive from us.
contact us with questions, notices or complaints about this privacy policy.
aquicore675 new york ave nw, 6th floorwashington dc 20001+1-202-446-0246.
‍.
product.
plans.
resources.
company.
