home.
solutionsintelligent terminalssmartphonetabletindustry terminalvrintelligent carintelligent cockpit solutionstestchip technology supportcooperative partneriotsmart citysmart healthcaresmart homesmart kitchen & bathmobile internetfinancemachine visionmachine vision.
intelligent terminalssmartphonetabletindustry terminalvr.
smartphone.
tablet.
industry terminal.
vr.
intelligent carintelligent cockpit solutionstestchip technology supportcooperative partner.
intelligent cockpit solutions.
test.
chip technology support.
cooperative partner.
iotsmart citysmart healthcaresmart homesmart kitchen & bath.
smart city.
smart healthcare.
smart home.
smart kitchen & bath.
mobile internetfinance.
finance.
machine visionmachine vision.
machine vision.
ecosystem.
service.
investor relations.
worldwideglobal / englishchina / 简体中文japan / 日本語.
global / english.
china / 简体中文.
japan / 日本語.
privacy.
archermind is committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring you have a positive experience on our website.
this policy outlines our personal information handling practices for both online and offline data.
if you give us personal information, we will treat it according to this policy.
this policy covers the archermind corporate website and is applicable worldwide.
collection of your personal information.
we will always tell you before we collect any personal information and inform you of the purpose of the collection.
“personal information” is any information that can be used to identify an individual, and may include, but is not limited to, name, email address, postal or other physical address, credit or debit card number, title, occupation, and other information required to provide a service, deliver a product, or carry out a transaction you have requested.
some of the reasons we collect your personal information include.
registration for an account.
requesting service and support for our products or services.
registration to attend a seminar.
registration to membership programs or newsletter subscriptions.
uses of your personal information.
we will only use your personal information in the way we specified when it was collected.
we will not subsequently change the way your personal information is used without your consent.
some of the ways we may use your personal information include.
to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, software updates, software upgrades, system enhancements, special offers, and other information.
this may occasionally include information from other technology companies about products and services that can add value to your archermind products.
to provide support and assistance for our products and services, including the provision of security patches.
to provide the ability to create personal profile areas and view protected content.
to provide customer feedback and support.
to support recruitment inquiries.
to understand more about you, so we can personalize newsletters and websites to your preferences.
for example, allow you the opportunity to request specific information on products and services that may be of interest.
to allow you to forward information to another individual such as a friend or co-worker.
archermind does not store the personal information of the third party.
we collect the information for the sole purpose of sending a one-time email.
if you choose to use our referral service to inform a colleague or friend, we will only ask for a contact name and email address.
to meet contract obligations.
accessing and updating your personal information.
we need your help in keeping the personal information you have shared with us accurate and up to date.
please notify us of any changes to your personal information.
if you are a registered user, you may make these updates yourself online via  archermind user management.
you may also make these updates or request deactivation of your archermindaccount by sending an email to.
.
unsubscribing.
every email newsletter includes instructions on how you can unsubscribe from that particular mailing.
you may also unsubscribe from archermind’s newsletters by sending an email, including your name, and the title of the marketing material you wish to unsubscribe from .
non-personal/anonymous information collection.
in some instances, archermind may collect non-personal (aggregate or demographic) data through cookies, web logs, and web beacons.
this information is used to better understand and improve the usability, performance, and effectiveness of the website.
please read the “cookies” section below for more information.
sharing your personal information.
we do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes unless you have granted us permission to do so.
we may share your personal information within archermindor any of our worldwide subsidiaries for purposes of data processing or storage.
we may also share your personal information with business partners in order to provide a requested service or transaction, including processing orders, hosting event and seminar registration and providing customer support.
we only provide these third parties with the minimum amount of personal information necessary to complete the requested service and the third parties are not permitted to use your personal information except for limited purpose of completing the requested service.
we may respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process by disclosing your personal information and other related information, if necessary.
we also may choose to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
we may collect and possibly share personal information and any other additional information available to us in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of archermind’s terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
while navigating archermind’s web site you may be directed to content or functionality that is hosted by a third-party supplier, not on archermind.
com.
when information is collected on behalf of archermind exclusively, archermind’s privacy policy will be referenced on the site and will govern how your information is used.
for other, non-archermind sites, the site owner’s privacy policy will be referenced.
it is archermind’s practice to require such suppliers to handle information in a manner consistent with archermind’s privacy and security policies.
we will ask for your consent before we use or share your information for any purpose other than the reason you provided it or as otherwise provided by this policy.
in order to let us know your preferences, we will require an action on your part, such as checking the appropriate option, to indicate your consent.
security of your personal information.
archermind is committed to protecting the personal information you share with us.
we utilize a combination of industry-standard security technologies, procedures, and organizational measures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
when we transfer sensitive personal data (for example, telephone numbers, addresses, etc.
) over the internet, we protect it using secure sockets layer (ssl) encryption technology.
while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure the security of the information you transmit.
we recommend you to take every precaution in protecting your personal information when you are on the internet.
for example, change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers when creating passwords, and make sure you use a secure browser.
cookies.
like many websites, archermind uses technologies, such as cookies, which allow us to make your visit to our website easier, more efficient and more valuable by providing you with a customized experience and recognizing you when you return.
a cookie cannot read personal data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.
indeed, the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself.
you may browse most of archermind’s website without accepting cookies from archermind.
however, some website functionality may be lost by disabling cookies on your computer.
other archermind web pages, particularly those which require a login and password, require cookies and cannot be used when you have disabled cookies in your browser.
if you prefer not to receive cookies while browsing our website or via html-formatted emails, you can set your browser to warn you before it accepts cookies or refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence.
you can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser.
for additional information about cookies and other tracking technologies, including instructions for blocking their use, please visit.
.
data retention.
archermind will not retain your personal information longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable laws or regulations.
linked websites.
our websites may provide links to other third-party websites which are outside our control and not covered by this policy.
we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these (and all) sites you visit.
transfer of personal information.
we may transfer your personal information to archermind in the us, to any archermind subsidiary worldwide, or to third parties acting on our behalf for the purposes of processing or storage.
questions or comments.
should you have any privacy-related questions or comments related to this privacy policy, please send an email to.
.
policy updates.
archermind may amend this privacy statement from time to time, and at any time.
we will post a notice whenever this privacy statement is materially changed.
your continued use of the archermind website after any change will signify and confirm your assent to those changes.
last update.
october1, 2010.
download | about us | news | recruiting.
legal | privacy | contact us.
copyright © 2006- archermind technology (nanjing) co.
, ltd.
all rights reserved.
苏icp备09033241号-1.
