servicesdevops as a servicedevops consultingcloud migration.
devops as a service.
devops consulting.
cloud migration.
solutionsdevopsit services.
devops.
it services.
case studies.
company.
careers.
contact us.
privacy policy.
privacy notice.
last update august 23, 2019.
thank you for choosing to be part of our community at argus technologies inc.
("comany", "we", "us", or "our").
we are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy.
if you have any questions or concerns about our notice, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at .
when you vist our website  and use our services, you trust us with your personal information.
we take your privacy very seriously.
in this privacy notice, we describe our privacy notice.
we seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it.
we hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important.
if there                are any terms in this privacy notice that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our sties and our services.
this privacy notice applies to all information collected through our website (such as  and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy notice as the "services").
please read this privacy notice carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
what information do we collect.
informaton automatically collected.
in short.
some information - such as ip address and/or browser and device characteristics - is collected automatically when you visit our services.
we automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the services.
this information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your ip address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring urls, device name, country, location,                information about how and when you use our services and other technical information.
this information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our services, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
how do we use your information.
in short.
we process your information for puroses based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.
we use personal information collected via our services for a variety of business purposes described below.
we process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you,                with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations.
we indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
we use the information we collect or receive.
to send you marketing and promotional communications.
we and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences.
you can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time (see the "what are your privacy rights" below).
to send administrative information to you.
we may use your personal information to send you product, service and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
fulfill and manage your orders.
we may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the services.
to post testimonials.
we post testimonials on our services that may contain personal information.
prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain your consent to use your name and testimonial.
if you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
request feedback.
we may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our services.
to enforce our terms, conditions and policies for business purposes, legal reasons and contractual.
to respond to legal requests and prevent harm.
if we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
to deliver services to the user.
we may use your information to provide you with the requested service.
to respond to user inquiries/offer support to users.
we may use your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the use of our services.
for other business purposes.
we may use your information for other business purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our services, products, marketing and your experience.
we may use and store this information in aggregated and anonymized form so that is not associated with individual end users and does not include personal information.
we will not use identifiable personal information without your consent.
will your information be shared with anyone.
in short.
we only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
we may process or share data based on the following legal basis.
consent.
we may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose.
legitimate interests.
we may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
performance of a contract.
where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
legal obligations.
we may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, govermental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
vital interests.
we may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
more specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations.
vendors, consultants and other third-party service providers.
we may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services to us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work.
examples include.
payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts.
we may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the serviecs, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the services over time.
this information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity.
unless described in this policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
business transfers.
we may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
business partners.
we maybe share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions.
how long do we keep your information.
in short.
we keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by the law.
we will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements).
no purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than 2 years.
when we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
how do we keep your information safe.
in short.
we do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
we do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
by using the services, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent's use of the services.
if we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records.
if you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at .
what are your privacy rights.
in short.
you may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
if your are resident in the european economic area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority.
you can find their contact details here.
.
controls for do-not-track features.
most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a do-not-track ("dnt") feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected.
no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing dnt signals has been finalized.
as such, we do not currently respond to dnt browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online.
if a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.
do california residents have specific privacy rights.
in short.
yes, if you are a resident of california, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
california civil code section 1798.
83, also known as the "shine the light" law, permits our users who are california residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year.
if you are a california resident and would like to make such as request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
if you are under 18 years of age, reside in california, and have a registered account with the services, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the services.
to request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in california.
wew ill make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the services, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
do we make updates to this policy.
in short.
yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
we may update this privacy notice from time to time.
the updated version will be indiated by an updated "revised" date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible.
if we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification.
we encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
how can you contact us about this policy.
if you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at or by post to.
argus technologies inc.
60 e rio salado parkway, suite 900.
tempe, az 85281.
united states.
building solutions to move your company forward.
services.
devops as a service.
devops consulting.
cloud migration.
company.
abous us.
careers.
case studies.
conact us.
email.
.
phone.
+954 655 7238.
copyright © 2021 argus technologies inc.
privacy policy.
