products memory cardsindustrial sd cardsindustrial microsd cardssecurstor aes encryption microsd cardsindustrial compactflash cardsindustrial cfast cardsssdsm.
2 nvmehigh-capacity m.
2 nvmeu.
2 nvme ssdm.
2 sata2.
5" ssdsecurstor-enabled ssdsmsataeusbusb drivemanaged nande.
mmcsecurstor-enabled managed nand solutionsnvme hsbgadram moduleddr4ddr3 8gbit component based modulesddr3ddr2ddr1sdram industrial product line introduction arrow-right.
memory cardsindustrial sd cardsindustrial microsd cardssecurstor aes encryption microsd cardsindustrial compactflash cardsindustrial cfast cards.
industrial sd cards.
industrial microsd cards.
securstor aes encryption microsd cards.
industrial compactflash cards.
industrial cfast cards.
ssdsm.
2 nvmehigh-capacity m.
2 nvmeu.
2 nvme ssdm.
2 sata2.
5" ssdsecurstor-enabled ssdsmsataeusbusb drive.
m.
2 nvme.
high-capacity m.
2 nvme.
u.
2 nvme ssd.
m.
2 sata.
2.
5" ssd.
securstor-enabled ssds.
msata.
eusb.
usb drive.
managed nande.
mmcsecurstor-enabled managed nand solutionsnvme hsbga.
e.
mmc.
securstor-enabled managed nand solutions.
nvme hsbga.
dram moduleddr4ddr3 8gbit component based modulesddr3ddr2ddr1sdram.
ddr4.
ddr3 8gbit component based modules.
ddr3.
ddr2.
ddr1.
sdram.
applications applicationsa technology driven company, atp continues to focus on a targeted product portfolio and offers unique technologies.
automotivesecurstor security suiteiot / iiotnetworking / telecomindustrial / embedded pcshealthcareenterprise mobility.
applicationsa technology driven company, atp continues to focus on a targeted product portfolio and offers unique technologies.
applications.
a technology driven company, atp continues to focus on a targeted product portfolio and offers unique technologies.
automotivesecurstor security suiteiot / iiotnetworking / telecomindustrial / embedded pcshealthcareenterprise mobility.
automotive.
securstor security suite.
iot / iiot.
networking / telecom.
industrial / embedded pcs.
healthcare.
enterprise mobility.
support supportwe are ready to assist you with any inquiries you may have.
please choose what type of support or information you need.
download centerread morewhere to buyread morewarrantyread morerma inquiryread more.
supportwe are ready to assist you with any inquiries you may have.
please choose what type of support or information you need.
support.
we are ready to assist you with any inquiries you may have.
please choose what type of support or information you need.
download centerread morewhere to buyread morewarrantyread morerma inquiryread more.
download center.
read more.
where to buy.
read more.
warranty.
read more.
rma inquiry.
read more.
blog blogthe memory insider, atp's official blog, is a repository of general knowledge, news and opinions on current and emerging trends in industrial-grade memory and embedded storage technologiesmemory cardsssdsmanaged nanddram modulesindustry trendsmemory & storage technologiesdata security technologiesblog.
blogthe memory insider, atp's official blog, is a repository of general knowledge, news and opinions on current and emerging trends in industrial-grade memory and embedded storage technologies.
blog.
the memory insider, atp's official blog, is a repository of general knowledge, news and opinions on current and emerging trends in industrial-grade memory and embedded storage technologies.
memory cardsssdsmanaged nanddram modulesindustry trendsmemory & storage technologiesdata security technologiesblog.
memory cards.
ssds.
managed nand.
dram modules.
industry trends.
memory & storage technologies.
data security technologies.
blog.
about atp about atpwe have been transforming the industrial and enterprise computing landscape with our high-performance and high-endurance nand flash storage products and dram memory modules.
about atpwhy atpcorporate responsibilitycareerspartnerscontact usnews releaseread moreindustrial product line introductionread moreevent calendarread morefeatured storiesread more.
about atpwe have been transforming the industrial and enterprise computing landscape with our high-performance and high-endurance nand flash storage products and dram memory modules.
about atp.
we have been transforming the industrial and enterprise computing landscape with our high-performance and high-endurance nand flash storage products and dram memory modules.
about atpwhy atpcorporate responsibilitycareerspartnerscontact usnews releaseread moreindustrial product line introductionread moreevent calendarread morefeatured storiesread more.
news release.
read more.
industrial product line introduction.
read more.
event calendar.
read more.
featured stories.
read more.
english.
deutsch.
日本語.
简体中文.
home home.
support.
privacy policy.
privacy policy.
the atp group is the company group, which includes, but not limited to, atp electronics taiwan inc.
, atp electronics, inc.
, atp electronics germany gmbh, atp electronics japan, ltd.
, and atp electronics shanghai, inc.
(hereinafter individually or collectively, “atp”).
this privacy policy will explain how atp will use the personal data atp collected from you when you use the atp website.
what data will be collected by atp.
atp will collect the data as the following.
the personal identification information (including but not limited to the name, email address, phone number).
the information for understanding and /or processing your inquiry.
the cookie data from your browser when viewing/using the atp website.
how will your data be collected by atp.
when you directly provide atp with most of the data atp can collect, atp will collect the data and process the data when you.
registering/subscribing online or submitting an online inquiry for any of our products or services.
voluntarily completing the customer survey or providing the feedback on any of the atp message boards or via emails.
using or viewing the atp website via your own browser's cookies.
filling-in contact forms at the atp organized and/or affiliated events, activities.
exchanging business cards and contacting information with the atp employees.
contacting atp via the communication protocol / device (including but not limited to im, landline), the data collected will be in the parameter of understanding and/or processing of your inquiry.
moreover, atp may also receive your data indirectly from the following resources.
the inquiry transferred from atp distributor(s) & partners.
the industry associations and online listings / registries.
the analytics platforms and programs provided including but not limited to google, linkedin.
the isp / web server / hosting platforms.
the saas platforms.
the trade fair / event organizer platforms.
the government programs.
the media / publication organized campaign(s).
the social media platform(s) & campaigns.
how will your data be used by atp.
atp will collect your data for atp to do the following.
processing your order/inquiry directly from atp, and managing your account.
emailing you with the special offers on other products and services atp considered that you might prefer.
transferring your data to an atp distributor, representative to process your order/inquiry.
announcing & informing any topics related to you/your personal data, privacy stored at atp.
providing relevant content and industry insights you might be interested in/of.
if you agree, then atp may share your data with our partner companies or affiliates so that they may offer you their products and services.
our partner companies or affiliates can be found in the following.
.
when atp processes your order, atp may send your data to, and also use the resulting information from, the credit reference agencies to prevent the fraudulent purchases.
how will your data be stored by atp.
atp may securely store your data at the following.
the cloud solution.
to access via the account and password login (including but not limited to  salesforce.
com).
the local solution.
stored on atp local machine/pc with the access via the data holder’s account and password login.
moreover, atp will keep your contact information for the longest period of five (5) years.
i this time period has been expired or upon the request from you, atp will delete your data by.
the cloud solution.
direct data will be deleted on the cloud solutions including but not limited to salesforce.
com.
the local solution.
direct data will be deletes on the atp local machine/pc.
if you and atp have the constant communication during the aforementioned five (5) year period, then atp can be entitled to keep your contact information after the five(5) year period unless there is a request from you for deleting your contact information.
the marketing.
atp or any of the atp partner companies or affiliates may send you the information about the products and services of atp that atp thinks you might be interested in.
if you have agreed to receive the marketing information, you may always opt out at a later date.
you will have the right at any time to stop atp from contacting you for the marketing purposes or sending your data to other members of the atp group.
if you no longer wish to be contacted for the marketing purposes, please contact atp by any of the following ways.
email atp at.
.
call atp at.
+886-2-2659-6368.
or write to atp at.
10f, no.
185, tiding blvd.
sec.
2 neihu, taipei, taiwan 11493.
what will be your data protection rights.
atp will hope to make sure that you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights.
you will be entitled to the following rights.
the right to access - you will have the right to request atp for the copies of your personal data.
however, atp may charge you some fees for this service.
the right to the rectification - you will have the right to request atp to correct any information you consider to be inaccurate or inappropriate.
you will also have the right to request atp to complete any information you consider to be incomplete.
the right to delete - you will have the right to request atp to delete your personal data, if under certain conditions.
the right to restrict =the processing – you will have the right to request atp to restrict the processing of your personal data, if under certain conditions.
the right to object to the processing - you will have the right to object to atp's processing of your personal data, if under certain conditions.
the right to the data portability - you will have the right to request atp to transfer the data that atp has collected from you to another organization, or directly to you, if under certain conditions.
if you make the request, atp will have one-month period of time to respond to you.
moreover, if you would like to exercise any of the aforementioned rights, please contact atp by any of the following ways.
call atp at.
+886-2-2659-6368.
or write to atp.
.
what are the cookies.
the cookies are the text files which will be placed on your computer to collect the standard internet log information and the visitor behavior information.
when you visit the atp websites, atp may collect the information from you automatically through the cookies or the similar technology.
as for further information, please visit the website.
allaboutcookies.
org.
how will the cookies be used by atp.
atp may use the cookies in multiple ways to improve your experience on the atp website, including the following.
to keep you signed in.
to understanding how you use the atp website.
to automatically form inputs which will be based on your prefilled and previous selected preferences.
to suggest your previous searched query.
what types of cookies will be used by atp.
there can be numbers of different types of cookies, however, the atp website uses.
functionality - atp may use these cookies for atp to recognize you on the atp website and remember your previously selected preferences.
these can include what language you prefer and what location you are in.
the mix of the first-party and the third-party cookies may be used.
advertising - atp may use these cookies to collect the information including but not limited to your visit to the atp website and the content you viewed, the links you followed and the information about your browser, device, and your ip address.
atp may also share some limited aspects of this data with third parties for advertising purposes.
moreover, atp may also share the online data collected through the cookies with the atp advertising partners.
this will mean that when you visit another website other than the atp website, you may be shown the advertising based on your browsing patterns on the atp website.
how to manage the cookies.
you can set up your own browser as not to accept cookies, and then the website will tell you how to remove cookies from your browser.
however, in some cases, some of the atp website features may not be functioned as a result.
the privacy policies of other websites.
the atp website may contain several links to other websites.
however, the atp privacy policy applies only to the atp website, in this respect if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy before you click on such link.
the changes to the atp privacy policy.
atp will review its privacy policy regularly and will place any updates on this web page.
this privacy policy was updated on 23rd  of june, 2020.
how to contact atp for further questions.
if you have any questions about atp's privacy policy, the data which atp has held on from you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact atp.
email atp at.
.
call atp at.
+886-2-2659-6368.
or write to atp at.
10f, no.
185, tiding blvd.
sec.
2 neihu, taipei, taiwan 11493.
how to contact the associated appropriate authority.
if you wish to report the complaint or if you feel that atp has not addressed your concern in the satisfactory manner, you may contact the appropriate authority.
corporate responsibility.
privacy policy.
sitemap.
where to buy.
contact us.
copyright © 2020 atp electronics,inc.
linkedin.
youtube.
mail.
newsletter subscribe.
get our latest news and stories delivered to your inbox.
by providing your email address, you agree to the terms of our privacy policy.
