attify store.
gear.
training.
blog.
contact.
gear.
training.
blog.
contact.
privacy policy.
privacy policy for attify-store and other properties.
-----.
attify store is provided by attify, inc.
- a us based entity operating in the state of california.
this privacy policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from any of the below websites (the “site”) .
attify-store.
com.
attify.
com or any of its subdomains including blog.
attify.
com.
any of the partner websites which are owned by attify and have a reference to this privacy policy.
personal information we collect.
when you visit the site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, ip address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device.
additionally, as you browse the site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the site, and information about how you interact with the site.
we refer to this automatically-collected information as “device information”.
we collect device information using the following technologies.
- “cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier.
for more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit .
- “log files” track actions occurring on the site, and collect data including your ip address, browser type, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
- “web beacons”, “tags”, and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the site.
- “heatmaps” and “browsing activity” are analytical information on the usage of the site.
additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers or paypal information), email address, and phone number.
we refer to this information as “order information”.
in some cases, based on your consent, we also deliver you shipping and other product information via facebook messenger.
when we talk about “personal information” in this privacy policy, we are talking both about device information and order information.
how do we use your personal information.
we use the order information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations).
additionally, we use this order information to.
- communicate with you.
- screen our orders for potential risk or fraud.
and.
- when in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
- provide additional support and assistance regarding your orders.
- to suggest additional relevant products based on your purchase behavior.
- for shipping and logistics.
- handling disputes and queries.
we use the device information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your ip address), and more generally to improve and optimize our site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
we use additional technologies to give you a better overall experience of shopping across the overall web browsing not limited to attify-store by showing personalized and relevant advertisements which is done via technologies such as facebook, linkedin and twitter.
to do this, we collect information such as your viewing history on attify-store, viewing heatmaps, device-specific information (browser, ip address and referrer) and additional relevant information.
we also use additional tools which allow us to showcase the product you are interested in through other platforms.
this is done via email messages, and/or showing products that you might be interested in on other websites you visit as advertisements.
sharing your personal information.
we share your personal information with third parties to help us use your personal information, as described above.
for example, we use shopify to power our online store--you can read more about how shopify uses your personal information here.
.
we also use google analytics to help us understand how our customers use the site -- you can read more about how google uses your personal information here.
you can also opt-out of google analytics here.
.
finally, we may also share your personal information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
behavioural advertising.
as described above, we use your personal information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.
for more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the network advertising initiative’s (“nai”) educational page at .
you can opt out of targeted advertising by using the links below.
- facebook.
.
- google.
.
- bing.
.
- twitter.
.
- linkedin.
.
additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the digital advertising alliance’s opt-out portal at.
.
do not track.
please note that we do not alter our site’s data collection and use practices when we see a do not track signal from your browser.
your rights.
if you are a european resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted.
if you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
with the subject line .
access customer information.
additionally, if you are a european resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.
additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of europe, including to canada and the united states.
data retention.
when you place an order through the site, we will maintain your order information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
changes.
we may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
usage of products.
all the products listed on our platform are for educational and research purposes only, on authorized targets.
usage of the tools, products, techniques and other information on targets which you do not have permission and authorization on is not permitted.
attify, in no way will be held liable for any damages arising because of product usage.
safety.
by purchasing the products listed on the store, you agree that attify will not be held responsible for any damages - direct, indirect, incidental or consequential damages, injuries or health conditions arising because of the use of products.
you are solely responsible for using the products in a professional and safe environment.
contact us.
for more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e‑mail at or by mail using the details provided below.
attify store.
[re.
privacy compliance officer].
340 s lemon ave  walnut.
california us 91789.
-----.
footer menu.
affiliates.
sell on attify-store.
privacy and data security policy.
refund policy.
faq.
help us spread the word.
please help us spread the news about our awesome products.
copyright © 2022 attify store.
powered by shopify.
