carsnew carscars findercompare carsnew launchesupcoming carsupcoming electric carslocate dealersfind a service centrecheck on-road pricetop selling cars car driving school.
new carscars findercompare carsnew launchesupcoming carsupcoming electric carslocate dealersfind a service centre.
new cars.
cars finder.
compare cars.
new launches.
upcoming cars.
upcoming electric cars.
locate dealers.
find a service centre.
check on-road pricetop selling cars car driving school.
check on-road price.
top selling cars.
car driving school.
bikes / scootersnew bikesnew launchespopular bikesupcoming bikesupcoming electric bikesbikes findernew scooterslatest scooterspopular scootersupcoming scootersscooters findercompare bikes / scooterscheck on-road pricelocate dealers.
new bikesnew launchespopular bikesupcoming bikesupcoming electric bikesbikes finder.
new bikes.
new launches.
popular bikes.
upcoming bikes.
upcoming electric bikes.
bikes finder.
new scooterslatest scooterspopular scootersupcoming scootersscooters finder.
new scooters.
latest scooters.
popular scooters.
upcoming scooters.
scooters finder.
compare bikes / scooterscheck on-road pricelocate dealers.
compare bikes / scooters.
check on-road price.
locate dealers.
reviewscar reviewsbike reviewslong term reports.
car reviewsbike reviewslong term reports.
car reviews.
bike reviews.
long term reports.
featuresautomotive technologyexclusive storiesmega testquattroruotebic track testinterviewstipstravelopinion.
automotive technologyexclusive storiesmega testquattroruotebic track test.
automotive technology.
exclusive stories.
mega test.
quattroruote.
bic track test.
interviewstipstravelopinion.
interviews.
tips.
travel.
opinion.
newsauto showbike newscar newsindustry newsmotorsport newsgreen zone.
auto showbike newscar news.
auto show.
bike news.
car news.
industry newsmotorsport newsgreen zone.
industry news.
motorsport news.
green zone.
sportaprcformula eformula oneindian rally championshipjk racingmoto gpmotorsport newsmrf racingwecwrc.
aprcformula eformula oneindian rally championshipjk racing.
aprc.
formula e.
formula one.
indian rally championship.
jk racing.
moto gpmotorsport newsmrf racingwecwrc.
moto gp.
motorsport news.
mrf racing.
wec.
wrc.
galleryimage galleryvideo gallery.
image galleryvideo gallery.
image gallery.
video gallery.
green zone.
best of 2021.
select city.
home.
privacy policy.
privacy policy.
your privacy is critically important to us.
at autox we have a few fundamental principles.
we don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.
(we can’t stand services that ask you for things like your gender or income level for no apparent reason.
we don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
we don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
in our blogging products, we aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what’s visible to the public, seen by search engines, kept private, and permanently deleted.
if you have questions about deleting or correcting your personal data please contact our support team.
comnet publishers pvt.
ltd.
(“cppl”) operates several websites including  it is cppl’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
website visitors        like most website operators, cppl collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request.
cppl’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how cppl’s visitors use its website.
from time to time, cppl may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.
g.
, by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
cppl also collects potentially personally identifying information like internet protocol (ip) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on  cppl only discloses logged in user and commenter ip addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that blog commenter ip addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog where the comment was left.
gathering of personally-identifying information        certain visitors to cppl’s websites choose to interact with cppl in ways that require cppl to gather personally identifying information.
the amount and type of information that cppl gathers depends on the nature of the interaction.
for example, we ask visitors who subscribe to autox magazine at autox.
com to provide a email and physical address along with a telephone number.
those who engage in transactions with cppl – by purchasing subscription to autox, for example – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions.
in each case, cppl collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with cppl.
cppl does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
and visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
aggregated statistics        cppl may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites.
for instance, cppl may monitor the most popular pages on the autox.
com site.
cppl may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
however, cppl does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
protection of certain personally-identifying information        cppl discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on cppl’s behalf or to provide services available at cppl’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others.
some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country.
by using cppl’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them.
cppl will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone.
other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, cppl discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when cppl believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of cppl, third parties or the public at large.
if you are a registered user of an cppl website and have supplied your email address, cppl may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with cppl and our products.
we primarily use our various website pages to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum.
if you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users.
cppl takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
cookies        a cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns.
cppl uses cookies to help cppl identify and track visitors, their usage of cppl website, and their website access preferences.
cppl visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using cppl’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of cppl’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
business transfers        if cppl, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that cppl goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party.
you acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of cppl may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
ads        ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
these cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer.
this information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
this privacy policy covers the use of cookies by cppl and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
privacy policy changes        although most changes are likely to be minor, cppl may change its privacy policy from time to time, and in cppl’s sole discretion.
cppl encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its privacy policy.
your continued use of this site after any change in this privacy policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
new bike launches.
hero electric eddy» check on-road price»  colors » specifications.
hero electric eddy.
keeway vieste 300» check on-road price»  colors » specifications.
keeway vieste 300.
keeway sixties 300i» check on-road price»  colors » specifications.
keeway sixties 300i.
triumph tiger 1200» check on-road price»  colors » specifications.
triumph tiger 1200.
magazine.
subscribe today.
advertise with us.
about us.
contact us.
privacy policy.
luxury cars.
diesel cars.
electric cars.
sedan cars.
mileage cars.
petrol cars.
please tell us your city.
this allows us to provide relevant content for you.
