privacy policy.
version.
august 2018.
introduction.
this policy covers the processing of personal data by awen collective ltd ("awen collective", "we", “our” or "us").
personal data means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified, but does not include data where the identity has been removed.
we try to limit the amount of personal data we collect, but we may collect, use, store and transfer the following types of personal data.
·        identity data, including name, username or similar identifier, and gender.
·        contact data, including billing address, delivery address, email address, and telephone numbers.
and.
·        marketing and communications data, including your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences.
our correspondence address and our registered address is britannia house, caerphilly business park, van road, caerphilly, cf83 3gg.
awen collective is committed to protecting the privacy and security of personal and corporate information.
this privacy policy applies to any visitor or user (hereinafter referred to as "you") of the website located at  and any other websites (singularly and collectively, "the site") that awen collective owns and controls.
awen collective is in the cyber-security sector, and thus understands the needs for high levels of privacy and security.
we also understand the need to ensure that such privacy and security is sustainable, while maintaining a good level of usability in all the systems that we develop (including our public facing websites).
the following is how data privacy and security stands on our website as it is.
we are always striving for continuous improvement, so if there are any suggestions then please do contact us.
contact.
data protection email address.
address.
data protection, awen collective, britannia house, caerphilly business park, van road, caerphilly, cf83 3gg.
you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the information commissioner’s office (ico), the uk supervisory authority for data protection issues ( we would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns at the above awen collective dpo email address before you approach the ico so please contact us in the first instance.
what data do we collect, why, and do we share it.
we have made privacy and security simple on our public facing website.
we collect identity data and personal data.
most commonly, we will use this data in the following circumstances.
·        where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
·        where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
·        where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
the purpose of collecting your data is marketing.
what this means in practice is that if you choose to email us then we will store your contact details and respond to you personally.
by contacting us you do not automatically give us the right to put you on an automated mailing list, unless you explicitly provide us with the authorisation to do so.
if you do contact us we may ask you, personally and explicitly, whether you would like to opt-in to an automated mailing list.
if you do decide to opt in to our automated mailing list, you have the right to withdraw that consent and be removed from our mailing list at any time by contacting us.
we have got anonymised analytics installed on our public facing website, this is in the form of google analytics.
this means that some anonymised data about you could be collected.
this anonymised data does not constitute personal data as you cannot be identified from it.
the reason for collecting such anonymised data is to ensure that the website is providing the right information to the right people at the right time.
this anonymised data will be used internally at awen collective, and will be shared with select stakeholders for the purpose of ensuring the sustainability and growth of the business of awen collective.
however, if shared with select stakeholders, the collected anonymised data will remain anonymised and shared under confidence with the highest level of proportional and appropriate security and privacy.
all personal data collected by us will not be stored for longer than is required for the purposes it was collected for.
if you wish to increase your levels of privacy, we highly recommend the browser plug-ins and other tools developed by the electronic frontier foundation (eff).
.
your legal rights.
under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data.
please contact us at the following address to find out more about these rights.
·        request access to personal data.
·        request correction of your personal data.
·        request erasure of your personal data.
·        object to processing of your personal data.
·        request restriction of processing your personal data.
·        request transfer of your personal data.
·        right to withdraw consent.
if you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at .
links to other websites.
our website includes links to third party websites.
clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you.
we do not control these third-party websites and, when you leave our website, we suggest that you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
we may monetise some of these links through the use of third party affiliate programmes.
we are not responsible for the content or privacy policies of third-party websites or systems, nor for the way in which they use information they collect about you.
security.
our website is accessible via https.
ensure you are connected to it by making sure the address bar in your browser starts with  or  you should see a lock symbol, or the word “secure” if you are securely connected to the website.
also in the footer of our website you will see a sitelock secure icon, which verifies the connection to the website and checks for any spam or malware on the website.
access to the anonymised data collected by google analytics is limited to the chief executive, the data protection officer and the marketing department at awen collective, and is done so with good security hygiene (including password hygiene).
policy changes.
changes to this privacy policy, will post on this page, with a new effective date at the top.
if we make material changes to our privacy policy that could affect the personal information you previously submitted to us, we will provide you notice and an appropriate opportunity to consent.
further information.
for further information about uk data privacy regulation please visit the website of the information commissioners office.
.
for further details about the implementation of the general data protection regulation (gdpr) in the uk, we recommend the guidance provided by the national cyber security centre (ncsc).
.
of course we are also happy to receive emails regarding data protection, privacy and security to our data protection officer at.
.
subscribe.
we’d love to keep you in the loop – if that sounds good to you, please sign up to our mailing list to stay updated.
we’ll be sure to let you know about our future product launches and events we will be hosting.
we respect your privacy.
awen collective limited.
founded & registered in wales (10979196)awen collective (the netherlands) bv.
registered in the netherlands (kvk 84519568).
