start ⇓about usgetting startedlatest software imagessubscribe to newsletter.
about us.
getting started.
latest software images.
subscribe to newsletter.
discover boards ⇓▶ pocketbeagle ◀▶ pocketbeagle grove kit ◀▶ beaglebone blue  ◀▶ beaglebone black ◀▶ beaglebone black wireless ◀▶ beaglebone black industrial ◀beaglebone ai▶ beaglebone ai-64 ◀seeedstudio beaglebone greenseeedstudio beaglebone green wirelesssancloud beaglebone enhancedbeaglebone capesbeaglebone▶ beagleboard-x15 ◀beagleboard-xmbeagleboard.
▶ pocketbeagle ◀.
▶ pocketbeagle grove kit ◀.
▶ beaglebone blue  ◀.
▶ beaglebone black ◀.
▶ beaglebone black wireless ◀.
▶ beaglebone black industrial ◀.
beaglebone ai.
▶ beaglebone ai-64 ◀.
seeedstudio beaglebone green.
seeedstudio beaglebone green wireless.
sancloud beaglebone enhanced.
beaglebone capes.
beaglebone.
▶ beagleboard-x15 ◀.
beagleboard-xm.
beagleboard.
learn ⇓introductiontutorials ➚librobotcontrolpru cookbookbooks ➚wiki ➚hardware supportsoftware supportadafruit tutorials ➚bonescript libraryfaq.
introduction.
tutorials ➚.
librobotcontrol.
pru cookbook.
books ➚.
wiki ➚.
hardware support.
software support.
adafruit tutorials ➚.
bonescript library.
faq.
explore ⇓blogprojectsgoogle summer of codevideos.
blog.
projects.
google summer of code.
videos.
collaborate ⇓live chatforumsregister projectsubscribe to newslettergithub ➚.
live chat.
forums.
register project.
subscribe to newsletter.
github ➚.
beagleboard.
org › privacy.
beagleboard.
org privacy policy.
beagleboard.
org cares about your right to privacy.
this policy explains how we intend to handle any personally identifying information you give us online.
it does not apply to personally identifying information that we may collect offline.
personally identifying information is information that enables us to identify you, for example, your e-mail address, name, home phone number, etc.
how we collect and use personally identifying information.
you are welcome to visit beagleboard.
org's web site while remaining anonymous and not revealing any personally identifying information.
sharing your personally identifying information is strictly voluntary.
however, if you choose not to provide certain information, you may not be able to take advantage of many of beagleboard.
org’s features and programs.
the information you provide to beagleboard.
org will better enable beagleboard.
org community members to communicate with you regarding our products and your product needs.
sharing your personally identifying information makes it easier for you to.
request information or materials concerning our products and services.
receive personalized newsletters and other messages on our products and services that we feel may be relevant to your interests, and generally facilitate future communication with you.
by way of example, your beagleboard.
org registration information and custom profile will be used to generate a personalized web page and to send you the beagleboard.
org weekly e-mail newsletter, if you select that option, and from time to time also send you helpful e-mails about beagleboard.
org products and service.
purchase or license beagleboard.
org products online.
register your purchase so you can receive certain benefits.
participate in online communities, such as discussion groups.
participate in surveys or register to participate in a promotion (such as sweepstakes or contests).
in each of the instances above, for example, when you register with beagleboard.
org, purchase products or participate in a survey, we may ask you to offer personally identifying information so that we may serve your needs.
to help beagleboard.
org make our e-mail communications to you more useful, beagleboard.
org may receive a confirmation notice when you open an e-mail from beagleboard.
org and/or click on a link provided in an e-mail from beagleboard.
org.
beagleboard.
org may use this confirmation information to provide additional information to you about beagleboard.
org’s products and to enable beagleboard.
org to better support your product needs.
we also collect certain anonymous information that cannot be associated with you personally, such as the domains from which you visit us, the number of visitors to our web sites, browsing patterns and areas of interest.
we analyze this data to assess trends, statistics and customers' needs, to help us improve our web sites, products and better serve our customers.
you may opt out at any time.
you may opt out at any time.
by way of example, when you are registered with beagleboard.
org, enter our online stores or register for a contest or promotion you will have the option of choosing not to receive additional communications from beagleboard.
org on our products and services that we feel may be of interest to you.
if you choose to receive these additional communications and later change your mind, you may unsubscribe at any time.
for example, e-mail messages will contain instructions on how to "unsubscribe" from receiving the email in question.
cookies.
cookies are small text files that our web sites ask to place on your computer's hard drive.
if your browser is set to accept cookies, then your browser adds the text in a small file.
we do not use cookies to read any other information on your computer's hard drive.
we use cookie technology to authenticate your access to various areas of our web site, tailor its content to your preferences, to help us analyze web traffic in general and to track when site visitors complete surveys, so that we do not present a survey again for 90 days.
cookies may be used in interactions where you request something from beagleboard.
org.
literature, cd-roms, technical support, seminar registrations, personalized web pages, or when you participate in a survey.
most browsers are initially set to accept cookies.
if you prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies, or to warn you before a cookie is placed.
if you choose not to accept cookies, you may have to manually input user ids and passwords to receive certain data.
accuracy and access.
we want your personally identifying information to remain accurate.
if you are registered with beagleboard.
org and any of your personally identifying information changes or if you simply want to see what personally identifying information we have stored in your beagleboard.
org profile, you can review and update your profile using your user name and password.
otherwise, you may contact us at the e-mail addresses listed below to request a change to your personally identifying information or a copy of the personally identifying information stored.
we will make a sincere effort to honor your wishes.
please allow up to four weeks to process your request.
proof of identity is required.
safeguarding personally identifying information.
we aim to protect the personally identifying information you share with us.
beagleboard.
org uses a variety of commercially available security technologies to protect your personally identifying information.
bulletin boards, forums and/or newsgroups are also available to you on beagleboard.
org's web site.
please remember that any information that you provide in these areas becomes public and you should exercise caution in deciding to disclose it.
disclosure to third parties.
under certain circumstances, personally identifying information may be given to beagleboard.
org business partners when we believe your business interests will be served.
for instance, if we need to ship products to you, we will share your name and address with a carrier.
beagleboard.
org will also release personally identifying information if compelled by law to do so.
otherwise, beagleboard.
org will not provide your personally identifying information to any third party outside the ti group of companies without your consent.
children under the age of 13.
the vast majority of beagleboard.
org does not target and is not intended for children under the age of 13.
beagleboard.
org values the privacy needs of these children and encourages parents to be an active participant in their child's online activities and interests.
we abide by the children's online privacy protection act (coppa) requirements.
beagleboard.
org web sites that do not target children will not knowingly collect data from them.
if we discover personal data from a child that has been provided through a beagleboard.
org website that is targeted to adults and older children, we will eliminate that data.
contact us.
if you have any questions about our privacy policy, e-mail us at .
we reserve the right to change this policy at any time.
while we do not intend to make changes to this policy very often, it is always a good idea to double check our most current policy statement when you visit us to be sure that you have read and agree with what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
for more information on using beagleboard.
org's web site, see the terms of use.
boards.
getting started.
support.
community.
projects.
videos.
about us.
privacy policy.
terms of use.
