companyabout usclients & testimonialscareers.
portfolio.
servicesdedicateddevelopersconsultingcustom softwaredevelopment  — web development    —front-enddevelopment     —api development    —database development  — mobile developmentsoftware testing & qualityassurance  — manualtesting  —automatedsoftware testing  —mobile app testing  — webapptesting  —user interface testingmaintenance &support.
technologies & solutionstechnologiesjavadevelopment.
netdevelopment  — xamarin development  —sharepoint / office365 phpdevelopment  —laravel developmentios developmentandroid developmentreact nativedevelopmentreactjs developmentpythondevelopmentsee allsolutionscloud migration  —azurebusinessintelligenceerpdevelopment  — woodworkingerpcrm developmentsaasdevelopmentiotchatbotsgamedevelopmentehr/emrvoice & speechelearning solutionscustom lms development   — sharepoint lms  —сustomizable lms  — moodle customizationlmsconsultinglxpdevelopment /consultingelearning app developmentcorporate tms.
industrieselearningfinancialinsurancetelecommunicationsdata privacy and securitylogistics & transportationsportsmanufacturingagriculturehealthcarehospitalitysee all.
insights.
companyabout usclients &testimonialscareers.
services.
expertise.
portfolio.
insights.
privacy.
at belitsoft we respect your privacy and are committed to protect it.
this privacy policy was created to disclose how information is.
acknowledgement and compliance.
by accessing and using this site, you agree to the terms of the belitsoft privacy policy outlined below.
if you do not agree to the terms of this policy, please do not access or use this site.
belitsoft reserves the right to modify this statement and terms of use in the whole or in part at any time.
information collecting.
belitsoft does not collect any personally identifiable information about you other than the information that you affirmatively choose to submit to us (such as your name, email address and company name) when you use such sections of the website as the contact page, request information online, subscribe to belitsoft newsletters, etc.
we do recognize and collect the ip address, browser type, isp, referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, number of clicks, domain name, and country/state.
cookies.
this website uses cookies - text files storing internet settings.
they are stored on your device and are either sent by the website itself (first-party cookies) or by another connected website (third-party cookies).
you can delete cookies at any time through your browser settings.
we use first-party cookies for.
• distinguishing unique users.
• knowing whether you choose to receive our push notifications or not.
• operating social sharing widget.
• limiting the amount of data recorded by google.
• determine whether your browser has javascript enabled.
• alerting users about cookie use.
we use third-party cookies from yandex, google, and youtube (only active if you watch embedded videos).
this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service.
yandex cookies are used to gather anonymous visit statistics.
google cookies are used to gather anonymous visit statistics.
read about google privacy and terms.
youtube cookies are used to gather video playback statistics and distinguish authorized users.
use of information.
belitsoft collects this information to provide higher quality solutions and services to our customers.
ip address can be used only for the following purposes.
• diagnostics of server problems.
• site administration (this data gives us the idea which parts of our site are visited more frequently).
• investigation of misuse of .
ip addresses are not linked with any personal data.
this means that users of our site are tracked, but they remain anonymous.
belitsoft may disclose your personal information when it is required by law or it is necessary to.
• investigate unlawful activities or comply with legal process served on belitsoft.
• protect and defend the rights or property of belitsoft or visitors of .
• identify persons violating the law, this privacy policy or the rights of third parties.
reply to user requests.
information submitted to contact form is used only for getting in touch with our users.
it can’t be sold, rented, or otherwise given to any third party without the user’s consent.
security.
belitsoft classifies your personal information as confidential information.
confidential information is protected by storing it on secure servers that only select belitsoft personnel have access to.
the information is encrypted to prevent unauthorized parties from accessing this information.
links.
this website contains links to websites of third parties.
belitsoft has no control over, and is not responsible for the content, privacy policies or reliability of such sites.
changes to the policy.
belitsoft reserves the right to modify or amend this privacy policy at its own discretion.
the changes can be viewed here or elsewhere at this site.
we encourage you to review this privacy statement to track the changes.
your continued usage of this site will mean you accept those changes.
contact information.
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your interaction with belitsoft by means of this site, please contact us via website form.
our clients' feedback.
belitsoft has been the driving force behind several of our software development projects within the last few years.
this company demonstrates high professionalism in their work approach.
they have continuously proved to be readyto go the extra mile.
we are very happy with belitsoft, and in a position to strongly recommend them for softwaredevelopment and support as a most reliable and fully transparent partner focused on long term business relationships.
global head of commercial development l&d at technicolor.
they use their knowledge and skills to program the product, and then completed a seriesof quality assurance tests.
we were working in an agile way with them.
belitsoftperformed very well throughout our project.
we are definitely looking at belitsoft as along-term partner.
service delivery director at crimson (united kingdom).
i highly recommend belitsoft for website design and development.
we were up against a tight deadline to launch the project.
the work was delivered on time and within budget.
i will continue working with belitsoft as a valued partner for our web development.
program administrator at uc berkeley (united states).
we have worked with belitsoft team over the past few years on projects involving muchcustomized programming work.
they are knowledgeable and are able to complete tasks onschedule, meeting our technical requirements.
we would recommend them to anyone who is inneed of custom programming work.
main partner at hathway tech (united states).
belitsoft company is able to make changes instantly.
one of our internal engineers hascommented about how clean their code is.
belitsoft seems to know what they're doing, which iappreciate.
co-founder at howcast media (united states).
it was a great pleasure working with belitsoft software development company.
newrequirements and adjustments were implemented fast and precisely.
we can recommend belitsoftand are looking forward to start a follow-up project.
deputy head of division at fraunhofer fit (germany).
belitsoft company has been able to provide senior developers with the skills to support backend, native mobile and web applications.
we continue today to augment our existing staffwith great developers from belitsoft.
ceo at apollo matrix (united states).
belitsoft company delivered dedicated development team for our products, and technicalspecialists for our clients' custom development needs.
we highly recommend to use this company if you want the same benefits.
managing director at key2know a/s in 2012 (denmark).
we approached belitsoft with a concept, and they were able to convert it into a multi-platform software solution.
their team members are skilled, agile and attached totheir work, all of which paid dividends as our software grew in complexity.
coo at regenerative medicine llc (united states).
having worked with belitsoft as a service provider, i must say that i'm very pleased withthe company's policy.
belitsoft guarantees first-class service through efficient management,great expertise, and a systematic approach to business.
i would strongly recommendbelitsoft's services to anyone wanting to get the right it products in the right place atthe right time.
ceo at moblers (israel).
if you are looking for a true partnership belitsoft company might be the best choice foryou.
they have proven to be most reliable, polite and professional.
the team managed toadapt to changing requirements and to provide me with best solutions.
i strongly recommendbelisoft.
director at showcast limited (germany).
i expected and demanded a lot of you at belitsoft company, but you exceeded my expectations.
you acted pro-actively, challenged me at the right moments.
thanks.
".
ceo at ticken b.
v.
(netherlands).
we have been working for over 10 years and they have become our long-term technology partner.
any software development, programming, or design needs we have had, belitsoft company hasalways been able to handle this for us.
сeo at elearningforce international (united states/denmark).
usa+1 (917) 410-57-57.
uk+44 (203) 318-18-53.
israel+972 53-337-9957.
[email protected].
polandwarsaw, ul.
elektoralna 13/103, 00-139.
company.
about us.
portfolio.
client & testimonials.
careers.
industries.
elearning.
healthcare.
voice & speech.
financial.
telecom.
sports.
iot.
e-commerce.
solutions.
lms.
— moodle.
lxp.
corporate talent management system.
ehr\emr.
erp.
crm.
communities.
social networks.
call us.
usa +1 (917) 410-57-57.
uk +44 (203) 318-18-53.
israel +972 53-337-9957.
the goods will start arriving in your mailbox soon.
