marketsmarkets we servecommercial aerospacedefensecomplex industrialhigh performance computingmedical technologiesnextgen telecommunicationssemiconductor capital equipment.
markets we servecommercial aerospacedefensecomplex industrialhigh performance computingmedical technologiesnextgen telecommunicationssemiconductor capital equipment.
commercial aerospace.
defense.
complex industrial.
high performance computing.
medical technologies.
nextgen telecommunications.
semiconductor capital equipment.
capabilitiesengineering capabilities  product design & launchautomation & test designdefense system engineering design for excellence electrical design industrial design mechanical designmicrowave & mmw design software engineering advanced manufacturingmechanical & precision machiningmicroelectronicsmixed & hybrid assemblypcb assembly & smtsecure manufacturingsystem buildmmwave testautomation & test designenvironmental stress screeningavex shock machinelifecycle managementnew product introductionsupply chain managementaftermarket supportsustaining engineering.
engineering capabilities  product design & launchautomation & test designdefense system engineering design for excellence electrical design industrial design mechanical designmicrowave & mmw design software engineering.
product design & launch.
automation & test design.
defense system engineering.
design for excellence.
electrical design.
industrial design.
mechanical design.
microwave & mmw design.
software engineering.
advanced manufacturingmechanical & precision machiningmicroelectronicsmixed & hybrid assemblypcb assembly & smtsecure manufacturingsystem buildmmwave testautomation & test designenvironmental stress screeningavex shock machine.
mechanical & precision machining.
microelectronics.
mixed & hybrid assembly.
pcb assembly & smt.
secure manufacturing.
system build.
mmwave test.
automation & test design.
environmental stress screening.
avex shock machine.
lifecycle managementnew product introductionsupply chain managementaftermarket supportsustaining engineering.
new product introduction.
supply chain management.
aftermarket support.
sustaining engineering.
technologiesexpertiseconnected deviceshuman-machine interactionmechatronics & roboticsminiaturizationfiber optics integrationphotonicsrf & microwave systemsruggedizationspace systemssurveillance and threat detectiontechnology solutionslark technology rf filters & components precision technologies secure technology.
expertiseconnected deviceshuman-machine interactionmechatronics & roboticsminiaturizationfiber optics integrationphotonicsrf & microwave systemsruggedizationspace systemssurveillance and threat detection.
connected devices.
human-machine interaction.
mechatronics & robotics.
miniaturization.
fiber optics integration.
photonics.
rf & microwave systems.
ruggedization.
space systems.
surveillance and threat detection.
technology solutionslark technology rf filters & components precision technologies secure technology.
lark technology rf filters & components.
precision technologies.
secure technology.
aboutabout benchmarkour historylocationsleadership teamboard of directorscertifications & registrationssustainabilitysuppliersresources.
about benchmarkour historylocationsleadership teamboard of directorscertifications & registrationssustainabilitysuppliersresources.
our history.
locations.
leadership team.
board of directors.
certifications & registrations.
sustainability.
suppliers.
resources.
investorsfinancial reportingquarterly resultsannual reportproxy statementsec filingsstock informationinteractive charthistorical stock pricekey ratiosanalyst coverageinvestor faqscorporate governanceleadership teamboard of directorscommittee chartercode of conductcorporate governance guidelinesustainabilityinvestor news & eventsinvestor eventspress releases.
financial reportingquarterly resultsannual reportproxy statementsec filings.
quarterly results.
annual report.
proxy statement.
sec filings.
stock informationinteractive charthistorical stock pricekey ratiosanalyst coverageinvestor faqs.
interactive chart.
historical stock price.
key ratios.
analyst coverage.
investor faqs.
corporate governanceleadership teamboard of directorscommittee chartercode of conductcorporate governance guidelinesustainability.
leadership team.
board of directors.
committee charter.
code of conduct.
corporate governance guideline.
sustainability.
investor news & eventsinvestor eventspress releases.
investor events.
press releases.
connectconnect with uscontact usin the newsblogevents.
connect with uscontact usin the newsblogevents.
contact us.
in the news.
blog.
events.
careersbenchmark careersour workour peopleour locationssearch jobs.
benchmark careersour workour peopleour locationssearch jobs.
our work.
our people.
our locations.
search jobs.
privacy statement.
benchmark electronics, inc.
and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (collectively, “benchmark”, “we”, or “us”) strives to properly address applicable data protection requirements.
this benchmark electronics privacy policy (“privacy policy”) provides the individuals who utilize our sites and services (the “services”) with important information about how benchmark handles their personal data.
benchmark electronics, inc.
is the data controller for processing of personal data.
types of data processed.
benchmark collects and otherwise processes the following types of data benchmark collects and otherwise processes the following types of data.
contact information, such as full name, email address, phone number, and address.
and.
correspondence you send to us.
information we collect automatically.
when you visit our services, we automatically collect certain information, such as your computer's ip address, the type of browser in use, and pages viewed.
we use this information to understand how visitors navigate through our services, to enhance your experience while using our services, and to make the materials we post as valuable to visitors as possible.
we may use cookies, pixel tags, and similar technologies to automatically collect this information.
cookies are small bits of information that are stored by your computer’s web browser.
pixel tags are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as “web beacons” or “clear gifs,” that can recognize cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device.
we also use google analytics to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our services.
google may also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
to learn more about how google analytics processes data, click here.
use of information.
benchmark generally uses the information we collect for several purposes, including.
to fulfill your requests for products, services, or support.
to contact you.
with your consent where required by law, to send you promotional materials.
to conduct research.
and.
to provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.
disclosure of information.
we may share or otherwise disclose the information we collect with the following categories of recipients.
authorized third-party vendors and service providers.
we share your information with third-party vendors and service-providers that help us with specialized services, including email deployment, business analytics, marketing, and data processing.
corporate affiliates.
we may share your information with our corporate affiliates.
business transfers.
we may share your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of a website, a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
legal purposes.
we may disclose information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims or government inquiries, and to protect and defend the rights, interests, safety, and security of benchmark, our users, or the public.
with your consent.
we may share information for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect the information or pursuant to your consent.
data security, integrity, and retention.
benchmark maintains reasonable security measures to safeguard personal data from loss, interference, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.
you should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure.
please note that information collected by third parties may not have the same security protections as information you submit to us, and we are not responsible for protecting the security of such information.
personal data will be retained only for so long as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out above, in accordance with applicable laws.
your choices.
you may be able to refuse or disable cookies by adjusting your web browser settings.
because each web browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your web browser (typically in the “help” section).
please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable similar technologies.
if you choose to refuse, disable, or delete these technologies, some of the functionality of the services may no longer be available to you.
california visitors.
california residents are entitled once a year, free of charge, to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year.
we do not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes.
third-party links and content.
some of the services may contain links to content maintained by third parties that we do not control.
the privacy practices of those third parties are controlled by their own privacy policies, which we suggest you review to understand how they process your personal data.
do-not-track signals and similar mechanisms.
some web browsers transmit "do-not-track" signals to websites.
because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them.
we currently do not take action in response to these signals.
international users.
the services are designed for and targeted to u.
s.
audiences and are governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the u.
s.
we make no representation that the services are operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of any other nations.
by using the services and providing us with information, you understand and agree that your information may be transferred to and stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction and, to the extent you are a resident of a country other than the united states, that you consent to the transfer of such data to the united states for processing by us in accordance with this privacy policy.
changes to this privacy policy.
we may update this privacy policy from time to time.
when we update the privacy policy, we will revise the “effective date” of the policy and post the new privacy policy.
we will also post a notice on our home page that this privacy policy has changed.
contact information.
you can raise any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy or our practices by contacting us at .
navigate.
blog.
markets.
capabilities.
solutions.
about.
investors.
connect.
events.
careers.
news releases.
subscribe to the benchmark blog.
subscribe to setting the benchmark blog.
recent posts.
privacy statement.
california act.
safe harbor statement.
