skip to main content.
computer architecture.
computer networks.
dbms.
os.
software engineering.
security.
oot.
binary terms.
the computer science & it guide.
privacy policy.
binary terms is always concerned about the privacy of its readers while providing services to them.
url of our site.
what details of our readers do we save.
binary terms saves that fragment of its visitor’s information which briefs their existence on the site.
comments.
suggestions and queries posted by our readers are saved at the website’s database.
the site also stores visitors ip address to identify the host and browser’s user agent string to discover the browser being used along with its version and operating system on which it is installed.
to scrutinize our reader’s comments, we use a spam filtering service named ‘akismet’.
akismet filters spam email ids of the visitors who place anonymized strings in comments on the site.
website holds the readers’ comments for an infinite period, to ease the recognization of the follow-up comments of the readers and approve them, instead of retaining them for moderation for an extended period.
contact us.
the website provides a ‘contact us’ form which requires some of your personal information and the queries that you have related to our site.
the information you fill in the ‘contact us’ form is stored in the website’s database.
well, you can freely ask to remove your personal data.
however, the information associated with administrative, security and legal purpose is retained in the website’s database.
cookies.
to enhance the browsing experience of the visitors, google adsense uses cookies.
cookies store information that helps the browser in identifying the visitor and preparing a customized web page for the visitor.
as such cookies do not save any personal information, it depends on the user’s setting and the host site that allows cookies information to be collected in user’s google account.
if a visitor wants, he can save his personal details like name, email id, interest, etc.
in the cookies.
it will be convenient for you, as you will not be required to fill detail every time you are posting the comment.
analytics.
the web analytic tool used by binary terms is google analytics.
google analytics collects the visitor’s information for a better understanding of the visitor’s zone of interest and the language he prefers.
google analytics tracks the visitor’s activity over the site such as time spent per page, the bounce rate of the site, session duration, visitors visiting the website per month, source of the traffic and many more activities like these.
google analytics track this information for enhancing the experience of the visitor of our site.
google analytics information also helps us to improve the site for business purposes like website promotion, market research, etc.
online advertising.
we have monetized our website traffic with the most popular and authentic advertising program, ‘google adsense’.
google adsense places the ads that are relevant to the content on your sites or the ads that are relevant to the visitor’s previous research.
google adsense also keeps track of the devices that visitors are used for accessing the website.
google adsense analyzes two types of information for targeting the ad on the website.
the technical information analyzed by google adsense is visitor’s host ip address, his geographical location, his internet service provider, the browser he uses to access the site, the operating system of the visitors.
on the other hand, google adsense also analyzes the visitor’s time spent on the site, pages he visited per view, time spent by the visitors on the website, the bounce rate of the site and there are many more to evaluate.
google adsense is the only internet-based advertisement program used by binary term for monetization.
internet-based advertisement is commonly known as ad targeting or online behavioural advertising (“oba”), i.
e.
advertising by tracking the activities of visitors on the internet.
google adsense uses cookies, tokens or pixels to track the past activities of the visitors, and you are allowed to disable cookies to stop being tracked.
sharing and securing visitors information.
sharing visitors information.
the information of visitors visiting the site will be shared with the third party without the consent of visitors only when it is subjected to any law, government agency, cybercrime or any offensive law.
these disclosures are done for the sake of laws and regulations applicable to all.
securing visitors information.
the entire website data, along with the visitor’s information, is stored on the external servers.
security of this data is enclosed in the privacy policy of the contract with the host of the server.
binary terms never sell the visitors information to any third party at any cost.
copyright © 2022 · binary terms · contact us · about us · privacy.
