products                    cylance endpoint securitycylanceguardcylanceprotectcylanceopticscylancepersonacylancegatewaycylanceavertcylance aiembedded systemsqnx real-time operating systemqnx hypervisorcerticom pki and key managementblackberry jarvistransportation asset trackingblackberry radarunified endpoint managementblackberry uemblackberry dynamics appsblackberry dynamics platformblackberry workspacesblackberry digital workplaceautomotiveblackberry ivyqnx acoustics management platformqnx adas platformconsumer productssmartphonescritical event managementblackberry alertblackberry athocsecure communicationssecusuitecylance xdrblackberry spark suitesresource centercustomer success.
cylance endpoint security.
cylanceguard.
cylanceprotect.
cylanceoptics.
cylancepersona.
cylancegateway.
cylanceavert.
cylance ai.
embedded systems.
qnx real-time operating system.
qnx hypervisor.
certicom pki and key management.
blackberry jarvis.
transportation asset tracking.
blackberry radar.
unified endpoint management.
blackberry uem.
blackberry dynamics apps.
blackberry dynamics platform.
blackberry workspaces.
blackberry digital workplace.
automotive.
blackberry ivy.
qnx acoustics management platform.
qnx adas platform.
consumer products.
smartphones.
critical event management.
blackberry alert.
blackberry athoc.
secure communications.
secusuite.
cylance xdr.
blackberry spark suites.
resource center.
customer success.
solutions                    endpoint securityzero trustmobile threat defenseai-driven edrantivirus replacementransomware protectioncombating fileless attacksinternet of thingsiot - healthcareiot - financeunified endpoint managementsecure remote accessmobile productivitycontent collaborationsecure communicationssecure voice, messaging & conferencingcritical event managementsolutions by use casesmall & medium businessremote workingbusiness continuitybyodembedded systems embedded system securityfunctional safetyreal-time operating systemsevents & webinarsresource center.
endpoint security.
zero trust.
mobile threat defense.
ai-driven edr.
antivirus replacement.
ransomware protection.
combating fileless attacks.
internet of things.
iot - healthcare.
iot - finance.
unified endpoint management.
secure remote access.
mobile productivity.
content collaboration.
secure communications.
secure voice, messaging & conferencing.
critical event management.
solutions by use case.
small & medium business.
remote working.
business continuity.
byod.
embedded systems.
embedded system security.
functional safety.
real-time operating systems.
events & webinars.
resource center.
services                    assessred team / attack simulationpenetration testingstrategic servicesiot / embeddedservices overviewdefendmanaged xdrincident responseincident response retainercompromise assessmentdigital forensicsimplementcylance endpoint securityunified endpoint managementqnx professional servicessupport & trainingtechnical supportproduct incident response (psirt)technical trainingqnx product trainingreport an incident.
assess.
red team / attack simulation.
penetration testing.
strategic services.
iot / embedded.
services overview.
defend.
managed xdr.
incident response.
incident response retainer.
compromise assessment.
digital forensics.
implement.
cylance endpoint security.
unified endpoint management.
qnx professional services.
support & training.
technical support.
product incident response (psirt).
technical training.
qnx product training.
report an incident.
industries                    financial servicesbankinginsuranceprofessional serviceslegalgovernmentcentral governmentdefense & securitypublic safety & law enforcementhealthcarehealthcare providerslife sciencesconsumer industriesretailtransportationautomotiverailwayssmart mobilitytransportation & logisticseducationk-12universities & collegesutilities & manufacturingenergyindustrial automation.
financial services.
banking.
insurance.
professional services.
legal.
government.
central government.
defense & security.
public safety & law enforcement.
healthcare.
healthcare providers.
life sciences.
consumer industries.
retail.
transportation.
automotive.
railways.
smart mobility.
transportation & logistics.
education.
k-12.
universities & colleges.
utilities & manufacturing.
energy.
industrial automation.
partners                    partner program overview >solution providersblackberry solution providersmssp partnersalliancesoem partnerscylance ai oem partnersblackberry qnx partners isv partnersblackberry uem & dynamics partnerscylanceprotect & cylanceoptics partnersblackberry athoc partner programpartner apps - blackberry marketplacedevelopersenterprise platform & app developersblackberry qnx developer networkblackberry partner hub >cloud partnersaws marketplaceazure marketplaceauthorized training partnersblackberry atp partners.
partner program overview >.
solution providers.
blackberry solution providers.
mssp partners.
alliances.
oem partners.
cylance ai oem partners.
blackberry qnx partners.
isv partners.
blackberry uem & dynamics partners.
cylanceprotect & cylanceoptics partners.
blackberry athoc partner program.
partner apps - blackberry marketplace.
developers.
enterprise platform & app developers.
blackberry qnx developer network.
blackberry partner hub >.
cloud partners.
aws marketplace.
azure marketplace.
authorized training partners.
blackberry atp partners.
support                    support overviewsupport by productblackberry uemblackberry spark uem suitesblackberry workspacesblackberry 2fablackberry enterprise identitybbm enterpriseblackberry athocuem cloudblackberry supported isv appsblackberry enterprise bridgecylanceprotectcylanceprotect mobile for uemcylanceopticscylancepersonacylancepersona desktopcylanceprotect mobilecylancegatewaysmartphones & appssmartphonessmartphone appsdesktop software downloadsenterprise support servicesblackberry technical supportblackberry enterprise consultingtraining & accreditationproduct informationdocumentation and manualsportals & resourcesmyaccount & admin portalblackberry software lifecycleknowledge basecylance smart av supportblackberry qnx supportblackberry radar supportdeveloper networkblackberry qnx developer networkhelp blogblackberry support videoscontact us.
support overview.
support by product.
blackberry uem.
blackberry spark uem suites.
blackberry workspaces.
blackberry 2fa.
blackberry enterprise identity.
bbm enterprise.
blackberry athoc.
uem cloud.
blackberry supported isv apps.
blackberry enterprise bridge.
cylanceprotect.
cylanceprotect mobile for uem.
cylanceoptics.
cylancepersona.
cylancepersona desktop.
cylanceprotect mobile.
cylancegateway.
smartphones & apps.
smartphones.
smartphone apps.
desktop software downloads.
enterprise support services.
blackberry technical support.
blackberry enterprise consulting.
training & accreditation.
product information.
documentation and manuals.
portals & resources.
myaccount & admin portal.
blackberry software lifecycle.
knowledge base.
cylance smart av support.
blackberry qnx support.
blackberry radar support.
developer network.
blackberry qnx developer network.
help blog.
blackberry support videos.
contact us.
blog                    blogssymbiote.
new linux threatfbi director talks cybersecurityoffice zero-day targets windows tool.
blogs.
register for updates.
contact sales.
contact us.
under attack.
blackberry privacy notice.
this privacy notice (“notice”) is effective starting august 13, 2020.
blackberry limited and its subsidiary companies and affiliates (“blackberry,” “we,” “our” or “us”), are committed to maintaining the privacy and security of your personal data.
blackberry’s authorized collection and use of personal data is guided by our mission to provide trusted solutions that protect the security and privacy of our customers’ personal data.
this notice describes how we use your personal data and respect your privacy rights.
this notice explains how our products, services and technologies use your personal data.
it applies to our collection, use, processing, transfer, storage and disclosure (“process” or “processing”) of your personal data when you visit our websites, register to attend an event, download and install any of our products, including consumer and mobile versions of our products, or utilize any of our services, both online and offline (collectively referred to as “blackberry solutions”).
this notice further describes blackberry’s practices with respect to the processing of your personal data.
product specific notices associated with a particular blackberry solutions provide additional information about blackberry’s processing of your personal data (“product notices”) and are available from our privacy notice frequently asked questions.
if you have any questions regarding this notice, contact us.
terms and conditions.
bbm privacy center.
blackberry solution license agreement.
end user license agreement for blackberry software for android™.
bbm terms of service.
this notice covers the following topics.
why we collect and use your personal data.
what we collect and how we use your personal data.
sources of personal data.
sharing of your personal data.
international transfers of your personal data.
how we protect your personal data.
how long we store your personal data.
our use of cookies and other tracking technologies.
marketing communications from blackberry.
service-related communications from blackberry.
your personal data rights.
contact us.
updates to our privacy notice.
why we collect and use your personal data.
blackberry will only process personal data when we have a fair and lawful basis for such activity, including.
as necessary to provide information requested by you, such as when you request a whitepaper, register to attend a webinar, or make inquiries about our products and services.
as necessary to fulfill or perform a contract we enter into with you, or an organization you work for, such as when our products and services process information about the computer or mobile device they are installed upon, including for purposes related to the billing, activation, provision, maintenance, support, trouble shooting, resolving of disputes, deactivation, upgrade or update of blackberry solutions.
where you have given your consent, which you may revoke at any time, to process your personal data for a specific purpose, such as subscribing to receive email or other communications from us about our products and services.
when we have a legal obligation, or the processing is in the public interest or in furtherance of a vital interest.
the processing is necessary to further our legitimate interests, which may include the improvement of our products or services, securing our systems and to protect against fraud.
we collect information from you for the following purposes.
service delivery and product improvement.
enable the trial, purchase and delivery of our products and services.
improve the performance of and develop new blackberry solutions and optimize the utilization of our products and services.
provide customer support, and respond to requests, questions and comments.
marketing, events, and promotions.
deliver information about our products, services and promotions, including advertising.
register you for webinars, events and conferences.
improve the operation of our websites and effectiveness of marketing campaigns.
administer contests, promotions, surveys and focus groups.
improve internal operations.
analyze your use of our products and services to drive improvements.
manage our sales and marketing activities, and measure corporate performance.
manage business continuity and disaster recovery operations.
fraud prevention, security and compliance.
protect the security and integrity of our products, services and data.
prevent fraudulent transactions, protect our intellectual property and other assets.
enforce blackberry’s legal rights and ensure it meets legal compliance obligations including corporate reporting, legal and regulatory compliance and fiduciary obligations.
for more information about the legal bases we use to lawfully process personal data, see our privacy notice frequently asked questions.
what we collect and how we use your personal data.
when visiting our websites.
we automatically collect and aggregate information related to your use of our websites.
we use technologies, such as cookies, to enable functionality, measure performance, and provide relevant information when you visit or return to our sites.
this information helps our websites work correctly, provide information about our products and services, and supports our efforts to understand our customers’ interests.
we collect the following types of information from you when you visit our websites.
device and browser information.
we collect information about the device and browser you use when visiting our websites, including information such as the internet protocol (ip) address of the device, your preferred language, the type of device you use, the device operating system and browser type.
geolocation.
we may derive the approximate geographic location, such as country, region, state, or city based upon the ip address of the device used when visiting our website to analyze traffic and improve performance of our site.
browsing activity.
we collect information about how you browse our websites, including the address of referring websites, the pages you visit, and the path you take through our websites.
cookie and related technologies.
we use technologies, such as cookies and related technologies, to collect information about the use of our websites to determine the effectiveness of content or the email messages you’ve subscribed to.
social media features.
our websites allow you to share information on your social media platform of choice, such as facebook, twitter, and linkedin.
these features are generally recognizable by their third-party logo and may collect your ip address, the page you are visiting on our site, and set a cookie to enable the feature to work properly when you use this functionality.
for more information on how to manage cookies on your devices, including how to opt-out of cookies, see managing your tracking technology preferences.
when requesting information or registering for an event.
you may sign up to receive information about our company, our products and services, industry news and information, access our partner portal and register to attend an event.
based on your consent, we may send you electronic communications to keep you informed of changes to our products and services.
your personal data will be accessed by authorized blackberry personnel to deliver the requested information and market to you in compliance with this privacy notice.
we may also provide your personal data to third-party service providers to help us deliver the information you requested, support event activities, or provide updates about blackberry products and services.
third-party service providers are not permitted to use your information for any other purposes and are required to adhere to personal data protection laws.
personal data collected when requesting information from us.
the personal data we collect to deliver the information you requested, or register you for an event, may include your name, job title, company name, email address, country, phone number and recent web activity.
you can update your information, review your communication preferences, or stop receiving further communications from us by following the instructions contained within each communication we send you.
if you are registering for an event that is co-sponsored by another organization, you will be informed at the time of registration what data will be shared with that organization.
when using our products and services.
blackberry solutions are designed to secure and protect your information by analyzing software and activity on a computer or mobile device to determine if malware is present, provide information about the security of the device and respond to potential security threats.
in some cases, you may configure the blackberry offering to upload potentially malicious computer code to our servers for further analysis.
the blackberry offering collects limited personal data to perform these functions.
the uploaded potentially malicious computer code is de-identified and maintained separately from information that may identify an individual.
personal data may also be processed by blackberry to enable us to provide support and billing.
when providing professional services to our clients, blackberry may collect personal data from our clients, users of our clients' networks and systems, and systems that connect to our clients' networks and systems.
the collection and use of this personal data are limited to providing the professional service to the client.
authorized blackberry personnel will access personal data and we may transfer personal data to third-party service providers to help us provide these services.
personal data collected by our products and services.
as part of using our products and services we only collect that information that is necessary to perform those service, manage licenses, communicate with customers and to improve and develop blackberry solutions.
aggregated or anonymous data.
blackberry may derive aggregated or anonymous data (i.
e.
data that is not associated with/linked to an identifiable individual or organization) from data collected through blackberry solutions.
blackberry may use aggregated/anonymous data for any lawful business purpose (including, without limitation, to develop and improve the blackberry solutions and to create and distribute reports and other materials).
to find out more about the personal data collected by our products and services, see the privacy notice frequently asked questions.
when purchasing consumer products from us.
when purchasing consumer products from us and related offerings, we use pci/dss-compliant services provided by third-party service providers to process payments for your subscription.
blackberry does not store or have access to your payment card information.
our payment card providers.
blackberry uses the following pci/dss-compliant payment services.
bright market, llc d/b/a fastspring, digital river, and amazon.
com services llc, which are based in the united states, to process your subscriptions to our consumer products.
blackberry may change its payment service providers from time to time and will update this notice accordingly.
sources of personal data.
information collected directly from you.
before using blackberry solutions, you may be required to agree to an applicable supplemental notice that may contain additional information regarding blackberry’s processing of your personal data.
your agreement to such supplemental notice or use of the specified blackberry solutions constitutes your consent for blackberry to process your personal data for blackberry’s identified purposes.
if you provide blackberry with personal data about another person, you are responsible for, and agree to, ensuring that you have that individual’s consent to do so.
all personal data provided to blackberry is subject to this notice.
information from third-parties.
as part of our marketing activities, we may receive additional information from third-party service providers to supplement the information you provided directly to us, so we can provide more relevant information about our company, products and services to you.
the information we receive is public information related to the organization or business you work for, such the size of your company, industry, and business mailing address.
use of third-party cookies.
blackberry and its partners, including advertising networks, use cookies and other tracking technologies to manage our advertising delivered on other sites.
we may display targeted advertisements to you while you are visiting our website, and other websites, based on information we obtain from you, or from third-parties.
the use of cookies is discussed further down in this notice.
sharing of your personal data.
we do not sell, lease, or trade the personal data we collect from you.
we may transfer your personal data to other blackberry entities for the purposes outlined in this notice.
we may provide access or transfer your personal data to authorized blackberry personnel, and third-party service providers, including service providers and processors as defined under the california consumer privacy act and the eu general data protection regulation, respectively.
this includes third-party service providers who help us market, provide support, maintain or service our products and services, or otherwise support our business operations.
the personal data shared with blackberry entities may include.
your contact information, such as your name, e-mail address, telephone number, mailing address, country/region, company name, and job title, along with your recent interactions with our business applications, and event attendance.
blackberry also utilizes third-party service providers, such as advertising networks, to deliver targeted advertisements using aggregated personal data that is derived from profile data processed by blackberry and provide such third-parties with general statistics relating to the advertisements delivered.
please visit withdrawing your consent below for more information on managing marketing or commercial communications from blackberry.
blackberry requires our third-party service providers to take commercially reasonable steps to safeguard your personal data, comply with applicable laws and regulations, and to not use your personal data for other purposes unless you have provided consent, or an alternative lawful basis exists to do so.
because blackberry must comply with applicable laws including local legislation, regulations and the orders of courts or other lawful authorities, other lawful requests, or official legal processes, we may sometimes be required to disclose your personal data to government agencies and law enforcement officials when it is necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, other legal process or as required by law or to prevent or take action regarding suspected illegal activities, fraud or software piracy, and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or in cases where we believe our intellectual property rights may be violated.
for more information, please visit blackberry’s lawful access principles and other corporate responsibility practices.
we may also provide access to, assign, or disclose your personal data, in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, or purchase all or a portion of our company assets.
information sharing to support third-party offerings.
when you download software or utilize services provided by third-parties (a “third-party offering”), personal data from your computer or device or other blackberry solutions may be accessed by such third-parties.
when you purchase or use a third-party offering, such as a product, service or software, a paid content subscription service or downloaded application, blackberry may share certain personal data with the third-party for purposes of providing you with the third-party offering and your personal data will then be subject to the third-party’s privacy policy.
we encourage all our users to learn about the privacy practices of such third-parties before agreeing to purchase or obtain their products, services or software.
blackberry uses contractual or other means to provide a comparable level of protection while the personal data is being processed by our service providers.
it is blackberry’s policy to enter into confidentiality obligations or employ other lawful data transfer mechanisms with any third-party that obtains confidential information including personal data from blackberry to ensure it is adequately protected.
third-party offerings on blackberry mobile devices.
blackberry does not own or operate all of the applications or services that you download and use on your computer or device or through other.
for example, a third-party offering might access on-device data such as contacts, calendar entries, email, location-based information, or it may access or share files or data stored on the device.
you should review the privacy notices/policies and any agreements with such third-parties to understand how your personal data will be processed by those entities, as blackberry is not responsible for your dealings with any third-parties or the use of any third-party offering.
blackberry does not directly control how such third-parties process the personal data they collect in connection with the third-party offerings you use.
international transfers of your personal data.
blackberry is committed to ensuring continuity of adequate protection and lawful processing of personal data regardless of the jurisdiction.
blackberry may transfer your personal data outside of your country to a subsidiary, a third-party service provider, or business partner to operate our business and to fulfill the purposes described in this notice.
by using our websites or providing any personal data to us, where applicable law permits and unless otherwise specified in a separate specific notice, you consent to the transfer, processing, and storage of such information outside of your country of residence where data protection standards may be different.
we will always seek to localize personal data when possible.
several lawful bases exist for blackberry to ensure adequacy of data protection when engaging in cross border transfers.
transfers to canada from eu based on adequacy.
blackberry is a canadian company headquartered in waterloo, ontario.
for lawful transfers of personal data to canada from the eu, blackberry relies on the european union’s recognition of the adequacy of canada’s privacy law, the personal information and electronic documents act (“pipeda”) as a lawful basis for the transfer of personal data, which governs how blackberry can collect, use, and disclose personal data.
since 2001, pipeda has given canada the benefit of an adequacy decision by the european commission and transfers on the basis of an adequacy determination are authorized pursuant to article 45 of the eu general data protection regulation (“gdpr”).
this decision is an acknowledgement by the commission that pipeda affords an adequate level of personal data protection to customers that entrust personal data to blackberry.
transfers under eu standard contractual clauses.
as a data processor under gdpr, blackberry regularly executes with its eu customers or customers with gdpr compliance obligations (data controllers) data protection addenda that incorporate the eu’s standard contractual clauses to ensure an adequate level of protection throughout the data processing lifecycle.
this includes blackberry’s use of third-party service providers, who are required to process personal data under comparable terms and conditions.
how we protect your personal data.
we are committed to ensuring that your personal data is secure.
we take commercially reasonable measures, including physical, administrative and technical safeguards, to protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use, alteration, destruction and disclosure.
to find out more about our security practices, see our privacy notice frequently asked questions.
how long we store your personal data.
we retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected and for a reasonable period thereafter to comply with our legal obligations, and contractual and business operational requirements.
.
with relation to personal data collected by our products and services, we retain information during the term of the agreement, based upon instructions provided by our customers, or for shorter periods of time as described in the applicable product notice or other product or service documentation.
when personal data is no longer necessary or relevant for blackberry’s identified purposes, or required by applicable laws, blackberry will take steps to have it deleted, destroyed, erased, aggregated or made anonymous.
consistent with good business practice, blackberry continues to evolve our controls, schedules and practices for information and records retention and destruction which apply to your personal data.
non-personal data, such as samples of potentially malicious software or anonymized data, may be retained indefinitely for the purpose of improving the performance of our products and services.
our use of cookies and other tracking technologies.
how we use cookies and other tracking technologies.
we use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags and other tracking technologies on our websites or emails to.
operate a secure website, such as provide a robust user experience.
enable you to login to view content on secure areas of our websites.
collect statistics regarding your website usage, such as time spent, pages viewed, and actions taken on our websites.
allow us to measure and improve the effectiveness of our marketing activities.
provide content to you that is more relevant to your interests, demographics or industry.
or.
to deliver advertising about our products and services to you when you visit websites owned by other third-parties.
please bear in mind that disabling cookies may reduce the functionality of our website.
for more information on cookies and other tracking technologies, see our privacy notice frequently asked questions.
our use of analytics services.
blackberry uses services from third-party service providers to collect and analyze data from users about their use of our websites, products and services.
we use this information to improve the quality and functionality of the services we provide, and to develop features that serve you or other users.
the types of information that we collect include the date and time a user accesses our website, products or services, the ip address the request came from, the features they use, and their frequency of use.
for more information on our use of analytic services, see our privacy notice frequently asked questions.
managing your tracking technologies preferences.
you can manage how cookies are set by using the cookie consent tool on our websites or by adjusting how your device handles cookies by changing its privacy and security settings, but it may limit your use of certain features on our website.
if you do not want to have this information used to serve targeted advertising, you may opt-out by visiting.
(european union visitors).
please note that although you may opt out of targeted advertising, you will continue to see advertisements, however, these advertisements may not be as relevant to you as targeted advertisements.
for more information on ways to manage your tracking technology preferences, see our privacy notice frequently asked questions.
do not track (dnt).
currently, we do not alter our data collection and use practices in response to do not track signals.
marketing communications from blackberry.
blackberry may communicate information, surveys, marketing materials, advertisements or customized content which has been personalized to try to make it more relevant to you as part of your existing business relationship with blackberry.
for example, we may do so where you have not unsubscribed from receiving such communications and it is permitted by law, where you have explicitly agreed to receive such communications, where you use free services which rely upon advertising (including targeted advertising based on profile information), or through utilizing aggregated data or data that has been made anonymous.
blackberry may ask you from time to time if you would like to receive additional announcements, news, offers or event invitations regarding blackberry and blackberry solutions.
you may also choose to provide blackberry with personal data in response to various blackberry promotions.
if you agree to participate in contests, surveys, giveaways, reviews, or other promotions that blackberry sponsors or co-sponsors, please ensure that you read the notice that may be associated with these initiatives in order to obtain further details about how your personal data will be managed.
an unsubscribe mechanism is included with every blackberry marketing or commercial communication.
please visit the section below in withdrawing your consent for more information on managing marketing or commercial communications from blackberry.
service-related communications from blackberry.
blackberry may also send you certain service-related communications.
for example, blackberry may send a welcome email or message when you first activate a blackberry offering to inform you about the service and its terms, to notify you of important changes, to tell you how to manage your credentials or account, to provide service infrastructure notifications or information about upgrades or updates, to provide warranty information, product recall information, safety or security information, or for surveys of current or former users.
because such service-related communications are important to your use of blackberry solutions, you may not opt-out of receiving these communications.
your personal data rights.
at blackberry we aim to provide the transparency you need to exercise your rights.
below you will find information on your personal data rights as well as how to make requests.
if you are a resident in the european economic area and covered by the gdpr, blackberry is the data controller of your personal data, except where our products and services have been deployed within an organization, such as your workplace or business, where blackberry would then act as a data processor under the gdpr.
if you are a resident of the state of california, your rights are addressed in this notice under your california privacy rights and blackberry’s practices.
depending on the jurisdiction where you are located, you may also have rights to contact your local data protection supervisory authority to lodge a complaint against blackberry.
accessing your personal data.
upon written request, blackberry will inform you whether it holds personal data about you and provide you with your personal data within a reasonable timeframe and at minimal or no cost in accordance with applicable laws.
if you identify an inaccuracy or incompleteness in your personal data, blackberry will amend your information and notify any third-parties as required by applicable laws.
upon written request, and to the extent authorized under applicable law, blackberry will also erase any personal data it holds about you using reasonably appropriate technical measures when.
it is no longer necessary to process your personal data.
you withdraw your consent to processing unless some other lawful basis exists for blackberry to continue to process your personal data.
you object to the processing and no overriding legitimate grounds exist for blackberry to process your personal data.
the personal data has not been lawfully processed by blackberry.
or.
you have a legal obligation imposed under eu or eu member state law to which blackberry is subject.
in certain situations, and depending on applicable laws, blackberry may not be able to provide access to the personal data it holds about you if access may adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
for example, blackberry may not provide access to personal data if doing so.
would likely reveal personal data about a third-party.
would reveal blackberry or third-party confidential information.
could reasonably be expected to threaten the life or security of another individual.
includes information that is protected by solicitor or attorney client privilege.
or.
includes information that was processed in relation to the investigation of a breach of an agreement or a contravention of a law.
in order to safeguard your personal data from unauthorized access, blackberry may ask that you provide sufficient information to identify yourself prior to providing access to your personal data.
depending on the circumstances and subject to applicable laws, blackberry may deny processing your request if.
we are unable to verify and authenticate your identity.
it is unreasonably repetitive or automated.
or.
it would be overly broad, ill-defined, or require disproportionate effort which renders the request manifestly excessive.
withdrawing your consent.
at any time, you may withdraw your consent for blackberry to process your personal data in accordance with this privacy notice, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice.
for example, although you can use blackberry solutions for some purposes without providing us with any personal data, blackberry may need to process personal data for some services, including those that require payment or involve an ongoing relationship such as registration or subscription services.
as such, blackberry may continue to use your personal data as may be required to provide you with requested services, and to the extent that blackberry is contractually obligated to do so or as necessary to enforce any contractual obligations you may have with blackberry.
if you refuse to provide blackberry with the personal data it requires or later withdraw your consent to use and disclose this information, blackberry may no longer be able to provide you with your blackberry solutions.
you may withdraw your consent at any time by notifying the privacy office at blackberry at .
marketing or commercial communications.
you may unsubscribe from receiving marketing or commercial communications about blackberry or blackberry solutions by.
clicking the unsubscribe link at the end of any marketing or commercial communication from blackberry.
by indicating your preference at  or.
by writing to blackberry privacy office c/o blackberry (attention legal department), 2200 university avenue east, waterloo, ontario, canada, n2k 0a7 and advising what particular types of marketing or commercial communications you no longer wish to receive.
cookies.
as noted above, you may also opt-out of blackberry’s use of cookies through one of the following methods.
use the cookie consent tool on our websites to modify your cookie preferences.
change your browser settings to refuse cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
or.
remove or block browser cookies using the settings in your browser, but that may impact your ability to use certain blackberry solutions as they may not work well or at all with cookies disabled.
your california privacy rights and blackberry’s practices.
if you are a california resident, california civil code section 1798.
83 permits you to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information regarding the disclosure of your personal data by blackberry to third-parties for the third-parties’ direct marketing purposes.
you may send an email requesting such information to .
to the extent that blackberry processes any personal information relating to a california-based end user of a customer, blackberry acts as a service provider as defined in the california consumer privacy act (ccpa).
customers shall only disclose end user personal information to blackberry solely for.
(i) a valid business purpose.
and (ii) to permit blackberry to provide the blackberry solutions to its customers.
blackberry will not (i) sell the personal information, (ii) retain, use, or disclose the personal information for a commercial purpose other than providing the blackberry solutions.
and (iii) retain, use, or disclose the personal information outside of the provision of the blackberry solutions to customer pursuant to a written agreement.
your gdpr rights.
to the extent allowed under the gdpr, if you are an eu resident, you have the right to request details of the personal data we have about you, update inaccurate information about you, request that your personal data be deleted, restrict processing of your personal data, data portability, and object to the collection or use of personal data that we process based on our legitimate interests as a company.
in some cases, you may be directed to make your request to the organization who licensed our software or services.
if you wish to exercise these rights, please submit a request to .
for more information about your right of choice on how to control your personal data, see our privacy notice frequently asked questions.
if you live in the european economic area and are dissatisfied with our use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority.
you may find contact details on ec.
europa.
eu.
contact us.
we value your feedback.
if there are any questions regarding this notice, or our collection and use of your personal data, you may contact us by email at or by sending mail to one of the addresses below.
globalblackberry limitedattn.
data protection officer2300 university ave.
ewaterloo, on, canadan2k 0a2.
european economic areablackberry ireland limitedattn.
data protection officersecond floor89/90 south mallcork city, ireland.
updates to our privacy notice.
each time you use blackberry website, products or services, the current version of this notice will apply.
we reserve the right to change this notice at any time to reflect changes in the law, the blackberry products and services we provide, our business and technology, and our data collection and use practices.
blackberry continues to make available information to help our users better understand blackberry’s processing of personal data and how to exercise choices regarding the use of your personal data through various channels including this privacy notice, applicable notices and additional information that may be made available from time to time on various blackberry websites or on your device.
if we make any material changes, to this privacy notice, blackberry will revise the “last updated” date that is indicated on the privacy notice and any material revisions will be noted.
your continued use of the blackberry products, services or website following the posting of changes to this notice will be deemed your acceptance those changes.
last updated.
august 13, 2020.
facebook.
twitter.
linkedin.
youtube.
instagram.
contact us.
support.
careers.
corporate.
company.
newsroom.
investors.
events & webinars.
careers.
leadership.
sustainability.
certifications.
customer success.
developers.
enterprise platform & apps.
blackberry qnx developer network.
blog.
blackberry threatvector blog.
developers blog.
help blog.
legal.
overview.
accessibility.
patents.
trademarks.
privacy policy.
uk modern slavery act.
languages.
© 2022 blackberry limited.
all rights reserved.
