webar sdk.
blippbuilder.
studio.
news.
learn																									getting starteddocumentationsupport.
learn.
getting started.
documentation.
support.
login.
signup.
privacy.
privacy policy.
last modified.
7th august 2019.
your privacy is important to us at blippar ltd (“blippar”).
when you use theblippar services, we will receive some information about you.
when we talkabout the blippar services, we mean the websites, apps, tools and otherproducts, services and features offered by blippar and linked to this privacypolicy.
some of the information we receive is personal data, which means it couldbe used to directly or indirectly identify a natural person.
this policy is designed to explain to you what information about you,including personal data, blippar collects in providing the blippar services,how that information is used and shared and the control you have over thatinformation.
data processed by blipparapp userswe do not ask that you set up an account to use the blippar app to explorethe world around you.
however, when you point your device and click toscan, or ‘blipp’, an object, we will collect and store information about you.
the legal ground for processing information for this purpose is based onblippar’s legitimate interest in serving you the correct content as part of anar experience (also called a ‘blipp’) and continuously improving ourservices.
this includes digital images of the people or items you blipped, your gpslocation, ip address and advertising id.
we’ll never share that informationwith anyone outside of the blippar group.
it also includes information about how you have interacted with our servicesand the blipps, such as the time and frequency of the interactions, dwell timeand the devices and operating systems used to access the blipps, so we canunderstand more about the user journey.
if the blipp is connected to a client of ours, all information about blippinteractions is combined and shared with them in a way that doesn’t identifyany individuals, so that they can better understand the performance of theblipps.
sometimes, the blipp experience will be designed to request more personaldata from you, such as your name and email address, usually in relation topromotional activity.
in each case, the purpose of the data collection andprocessing will be explained to you beforehand and you will have the optionof not providing the additional information.
the above information is also received by blippar when you access a blippthrough third party apps, via an api.
those third parties may decide tocollect and send to us additional personal data.
you can read more aboutthat in their privacy policies.
account holders.
users of blippar’s tools, including the blippbuilder suite of products, oursoftware development kit, will also sign up to a hub account.
we will obtainpersonal data from you to set up the account on your behalf, or you mayprovide the details via a form to set up the account directly.
we will use your name and email address to create your account profile andto communicate with you regarding the services, if there are any technical oroperational issues or updates which we think our account holders need toknow about, or if we make any material changes to our terms or this privacypolicy.
we will also ask for the region you are in, so that we know where we willneed to publish the content you create, which is stored on our platform.
thatcontent might include digital images of you or other people, which wouldconstitute personal data.
the legal ground for processing information for this purpose is for theperformance of the contract between us, under which we are delivering ourservices to you.
if you provide your opt-in consent to receive marketing information fromblippar, we will also collect and process your name, email address, companyand location details for the purpose of sending you tailored marketinginformation about blippar products and services, regular newsletters, blogentries and industry updates.
the legal ground for processing information forthis purpose is consent.
you may withdraw your consent at any time throughthe unsubscribe link at the bottom of our marketing emails.
when you interact with our customer support representatives or youraccount manager via email, telephone, or online, we collect personal data,such as your name, phone number, email address, ip address and contactpreferences, information about the blippar services you are using, and anyother information you volunteer.
we also may create event logs to assist withdiagnosing and resolving product or app performance-related issues, andcapture information relating to the support or service issue.
the legal groundfor processing information for this purpose is legitimate interests in providingyou with quality customer and product support.
other clients.
other blippar clients, or prospective clients, may provide us with personaldata, including name, email address, phone number and other contactinformation, in connection with the blippar services you are, or will be,receiving.
the legal ground for process information for this purpose is for theperformance of the contract between us, for these services, or in preparationfor entering into that contract.
in the delivery of the services, you might alsoprovide us with content that contains personal data, such as digital imagesof individuals.
transfer of personal data.
blippar is a global company which transfers personal data to other blipparcompanies in other countries in order to deliver and maintain our services.
the information we collect in relation to you is stored on data centresoperated by our third party providers.
our aws data centres are currentlybased in europe and the united states.
by using blippar services, youconsent to the hosting of your personal information on servers in both.
locations and the transfer of your personal data outside of the country it wascollected.
it is important to note that countries have different regulations inrelation to personal information, including in relation to rights of access bylaw enforcement authorities.
we will share your personal data in the following ways.
service providers – we provide personal data to service providerswho provide services on our behalf.
this includes cloud storageproviders, customer support providers, email marketing and saasproviders.
service providers – we provide personal data to service providerswho provide services on our behalf.
this includes cloud storageproviders, customer support providers, email marketing and saasproviders.
affiliates – we will share personal data with the blippar groupcompanies.
all blippar companies follow privacy practices set out inthis privacy policy.
affiliates – we will share personal data with the blippar groupcompanies.
all blippar companies follow privacy practices set out inthis privacy policy.
clients – we will share non-identifiable, aggregated data relating toyour blipp activity with our clients to whom the blipp is connected.
ifyou have provided additional personal data as part of the blipp (eg.
aspart of a competition entry), we will transfer this information to ourclients and notify you beforehand.
clients – we will share non-identifiable, aggregated data relating toyour blipp activity with our clients to whom the blipp is connected.
ifyou have provided additional personal data as part of the blipp (eg.
aspart of a competition entry), we will transfer this information to ourclients and notify you beforehand.
other third party disclosureswe may also disclose personal data about you to others if.
weneed to comply with a legal or court order, governmentalrequest, investigation, subpoena or other legal obligation.
we need to detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns.
we are involved in a partial or total merger, joint venture,acquisition, financing, asset sale, liquidation or bankruptcy, wemay share personal data with the other party(s) ahead of thattransaction.
we are enforcing any of our terms or policies or pursuing legalremedies or defending legal claims.
we have your valid consent.
other third party disclosures.
we may also disclose personal data about you to others if.
weneed to comply with a legal or court order, governmentalrequest, investigation, subpoena or other legal obligation.
we may also disclose personal data about you to others if.
weneed to comply with a legal or court order, governmentalrequest, investigation, subpoena or other legal obligation.
we need to detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns.
we need to detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns.
we are involved in a partial or total merger, joint venture,acquisition, financing, asset sale, liquidation or bankruptcy, wemay share personal data with the other party(s) ahead of thattransaction.
we are involved in a partial or total merger, joint venture,acquisition, financing, asset sale, liquidation or bankruptcy, wemay share personal data with the other party(s) ahead of thattransaction.
we are enforcing any of our terms or policies or pursuing legalremedies or defending legal claims.
we are enforcing any of our terms or policies or pursuing legalremedies or defending legal claims.
we have your valid consent.
we have your valid consent.
cookies and other technologies.
what is a cookie.
a cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes a unique identifierthat is sent to your computer, tablet or mobile phone web browser from awebsite’s computer (i.
e.
, a web server) and is stored on your computer, tableor mobile phone web browser.
how does blippar use cookies.
in general terms, blippar only uses cookies to record information about yourpreferences, how you prefer to use our websites and our services.
they allowus to tailor our app, websites and our other services to your interests.
information supplied by cookies can help us to analyse the profile of visitorsto our app and website and users of our other services and help us toprovide you with a better user experience.
third party cookies.
we use analytics cookies and mobile device equivalents served by our thirdparty providers to analyse how users use our app and websites and reportback to us.
this helps us work out what elements of the app and websitesare working and helps us improve them.
in the future, we may have digitaladvertising partners who may use cookies, mobile equivalents and othertechnologies to collect information to support the delivery of interest-basedadvertising to users.
we will ensure you are properly notified includingthrough updates to this policy before that happens.
third party cookies in embedded content on blippar pages.
please note that during your visits to our websites you may notice somecookies that are not related to blippar or blippar’s partners.
when you visit apage with content embedded from, for example, youtube or flickr, you maybe presented with cookies from these websites (“third party websites”).
blippar does not control the dissemination of these cookies.
any informationthat you provide on or to a third party website or that is collected by a thirdparty website is provided directly to the owner or operator of the third partywebsite and is subject to the owner’s or operator’s privacy policy.
blippar isnot responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies ofany third party website.
to protect your information we recommend that.
you carefully review the privacy policies of all third party websites that youaccess.
blippar cookies and how to reject cookies.
if you wish to control what cookies are set on your device through our app,websites or other services then you can by changing the settings on yourpersonal computer or mobile device web browser.
it is important to note thatif you change your settings and block certain cookies, this means that certainpersonalised features and other functionality cannot then be provided to youand accordingly you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the app,websites or our other services features.
other information collected from web browsers.
your web browser may also provide blippar with information about yourdevice, such as an ip address and details about the browser that you areusing.
it may also provide blippar with access to details of your personalcomputer or mobile device’s location.
children.
blippar does not knowingly collect personal data from children under 13.
ifwe learn that we have collected personal data from a child under 13, we willtake steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
if we need to relyon consent as legal grounds for processing personal data and your countryrequires consent from a parent, we may require your parent’s consent beforewe collect and use that information.
retention of personal data.
we will retain personal data for as long as your blippar account is consideredto be active, or otherwise for as long as is necessary for the purposes forwhich it is being processed, including for ongoing product and serviceimprovement purposes.
see below for your rights in relation to the erasure ofpersonal data we keep about you.
your rights under gdpr.
under the general data protection regulation, individuals have the right torequest access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data, dataportability, restriction of processing of your personal data.
you also have theright to object to processing of your personal data.
by emailing you can have all account data deleted – ifyou do this a red flag goes on the database and, while blippar cannot usethe personal information, it stays on the system for a period foradministration purposes before being deleted automatically.
you can contact us at to request information in connectionwith any of your rights under gdpr.
if you have access to hub, you can delete blipps that you have created,which might contain personal data.
this content will stay on our systems sothat we can offer it to you for future blipps, so make sure you email usat if you want it permanently removed.
if you are based in the european union, you can lodge a complaint with asupervisory authority in your member state.
for example, if you reside in theuk, you can file a complaint with the information commissioner’s office(“ico”).
privacy policy updates.
we may update this privacy policy from time to time, as we add newproducts and services, make improvements to our existing products andservices, and as technologies and laws change.
you can see when this privacypolicy was last revised by referring to the date at the top of the privacy policythat is available on our website and mobile app.
at times, we may provideyou with additional notice, such as by adding a statement to our website orin-app notification, or emailing you, where possible.
we may be required bylaw to obtain your consent with respect to these changes.
newsletter signup.
subscribe to our ar newsletter.
footer.
company information.
dorset house.
27-45 stamford street.
london.
se1 9py.
products and tools.
webar sdk.
blippbuilder.
the studio.
support.
about us.
about us.
careers.
news.
contact us.
follow us on.
all rights reserved 2022 © blippar group limited.
all rights reserved 2022 © blippar group limited.
privacy.
terms.
cookies.
