asia pacific.
australiaenglish  >.
china简体中文  >.
hong kong (sar china)english  >.
indonesiaenglish  >.
japan日本語  >.
korea한국어  >.
malaysiaenglish  >.
mongoliaмонгол хэл  >.
new zealandenglish  >.
philippinesenglish  >.
singaporeenglish  >.
taiwan繁體中文  >.
thailandไทย/english  >.
vietnamenglish  >.
vietnamtiếng việt  >.
europe.
austriadeutsch  >.
belgiumnederlands  >.
czech republicčeština  >.
francefrançais  >.
germanydeutsch  >.
irelandenglish  >.
italyitaliano  >.
netherlandsnederlands  >.
polandpolski  >.
russia/cisрусский  >.
spainespañol  >.
swedenenglish  >.
switzerlanddeutsch  >.
united kingdomenglish  >.
americas.
brazilportuguês  >.
canadaenglish  >.
canadafrançais  >.
chileespañol  >.
colombiaespañol  >.
costa ricaespañol  >.
mexicoespañol  >.
peruespañol  >.
united statesenglish  >.
india, middle east, turkey and africa.
indiaenglish  >.
israelenglish  >.
meaعربي  >.
mea  english  >.
south africaenglish  >.
türkiyetürkçe  >.
can't find an office location.
media center.
careers.
contact us.
united states.
media center.
careers.
contact us.
making excellence a habit.
standards                                standards.
xgopopular                                                            quality management >                                                                                                                                iso 9001                                                             quality management for medical devices >                                                                                                                                iso 13485                                                             environmental management >                                                                                                                                iso 14001                                                             business continuity >                                                                                                                                iso 22301                                                             information security >                                                                                                                                iso/iec 27001                                                             occupational health and safety >                                                                                                                                iso 45001 (ohsas 18001)                                                             food standards >                                                                                                                    view all standards >access and buy standards                                                        how to access and buy >                                                                                                                                                                    buy standards >                                                                                                                                                                    standards subscriptions >                                                                                                                                                                    bsol >                                                                                                                        full standards collections                                                          compliance navigator >                                                                                                                        medical device standards about standards                                                            what are standards.
>                                                                                                                                                                                have your say >                                                                                                                                propose or comment on a standard.
popular.
quality management >                                                                                                                                iso 9001.
quality management for medical devices >                                                                                                                                iso 13485.
environmental management >                                                                                                                                iso 14001.
business continuity >                                                                                                                                iso 22301.
information security >                                                                                                                                iso/iec 27001.
occupational health and safety >                                                                                                                                iso 45001 (ohsas 18001).
food standards >.
access and buy standards.
how to access and buy >.
buy standards >.
standards subscriptions >.
bsol >                                                                                                                        full standards collections.
compliance navigator >                                                                                                                        medical device standards.
about standards.
what are standards.
>.
have your say >                                                                                                                                propose or comment on a standard.
services                                services .
xstandards and information                                                            access and buy standards >                                                                                                                                                                                develop a standard >                                                                                                                    auditing, certification and training                                                        assessment, iso certification and others.
iatf, fssc.
>                                                                                                                                                                    auditing and verification >                                                                                                                                                                    product testing and certification >                                                                                                                        bsi kitemark, ce marking and verification, market access solutions                                                         validate bsi-issued certificates >                                                                                                                                                                        training courses >                                                                                                                                                                                medical devices services >                                                                                                                                                                                bsi connect >                                                                                                                                software tools and solutions for audit, risk, compliance and supply chain management view all bsi services >consulting practices                                                        construction safety >                                                                                                                                                                    cyber risk and advisory >                                                                                                                                                                    data management and security technologies >                                                                                                                                                                    digital trust >                                                                                                                                                                    environmental >                                                                                                                                                                    ergonomics >                                                                                                                                                                    industrial hygiene >                                                                                                                                                                    information solutions >                                                                                                                                                                    remediation program management >                                                                                                                                                                    safety >                                                                                                                                                                    security testing >                                                                                                                                                                    supply chain risk >                                                                                                                                                                    sustainability >.
standards and information.
access and buy standards >.
develop a standard >.
auditing, certification and training.
assessment, iso certification and others.
iatf, fssc.
>.
auditing and verification >.
product testing and certification >                                                                                                                        bsi kitemark, ce marking and verification, market access solutions.
validate bsi-issued certificates >.
training courses >.
medical devices services >.
bsi connect >                                                                                                                                software tools and solutions for audit, risk, compliance and supply chain management.
consulting practices.
construction safety >.
cyber risk and advisory >.
data management and security technologies >.
digital trust >.
environmental >.
ergonomics >.
industrial hygiene >.
information solutions >.
remediation program management >.
safety >.
security testing >.
supply chain risk >.
sustainability >.
sectors                                sectors .
x                                                            aerospace >                                                                                                                                                                                automotive >                                                                                                                                                                                construction and built environment >                                                                                                                                                                            education >                                                                                                                                                                    food >                                                                                                                                                                    government >                                                                                                                        central and local                                                             healthcare >                                                                                                                                                                                it >                                                                                                                                                                                manufacturing and engineering >                                                                                                                                                                            medical devices >                                                                                                                                                                    mining >                                                                                                                                                                    professional services >                                                                                                            view all sectors >.
aerospace >.
automotive >.
construction and built environment >.
education >.
food >.
government >                                                                                                                        central and local.
healthcare >.
it >.
manufacturing and engineering >.
medical devices >.
mining >.
professional services >.
topics                                topics .
xindustry reports, research and news                                                            covid-19 >                                                                                                                                                                                digital construction >                                                                                                                                bim, smart cities and connected assets                                                             future of mobility >                                                                                                                                                                                global market access >                                                                                                                                                                                health, safety and well-being >                                                                                                                                                                                information security >                                                                                                                                cybersecurity, privacy (gdpr) and compliance                                                         innovation >                                                                                                                                                                    internet of things (iot) >                                                                                                                                                                    organizational resilience >                                                                                                                                                                    sustainability >                                                                                                                                                                       - circular economy >                                                                                                            view all topics >blogs                                                            built environment >                                                                                                                                                                                digital trust >                                                                                                                                                                                food industry >                                                                                                                                                                                small business >                                                                                                                    view all blogs >.
industry reports, research and news.
covid-19 >.
digital construction >                                                                                                                                bim, smart cities and connected assets.
future of mobility >.
global market access >.
health, safety and well-being >.
information security >                                                                                                                                cybersecurity, privacy (gdpr) and compliance.
innovation >.
internet of things (iot) >.
organizational resilience >.
sustainability >.
- circular economy >.
blogs.
built environment >.
digital trust >.
food industry >.
small business >.
about                                    about .
x                                                            about bsi >                                                                                                                                                                                bsi impartiality >                                                                                                                                                                                our accreditation >                                                                                                                                                                                our clients and partners >                                                                                                                                                                                our financial information >                                                                                                                                                                            our governance >                                                                                                                                                                    our legal information >                                                                                                                                                                    our purpose, mission and vision >                                                                                                                                                                    our royal charter >                                                                                                                                                                    uk national standards body >                                                                                                                                                                        careers >                                                                                                                                                                                events and webinars >                                                                                                                                                                                media centre/press room >                                                                                                                                                                                social responsibility >                                                                                                                                modern slavery statement                                                             contact us >.
about bsi >.
bsi impartiality >.
our accreditation >.
our clients and partners >.
our financial information >.
our governance >.
our legal information >.
our purpose, mission and vision >.
our royal charter >.
uk national standards body >.
careers >.
events and webinars >.
media centre/press room >.
social responsibility >                                                                                                                                modern slavery statement.
contact us >.
media center.
careers.
contact us.
united states.
media center.
careers.
contact us.
home.
about bsi.
legal information.
bsi privacy notice.
privacy notice - general users and clients.
privacy notice – committee members.
privacy notice – job applicants.
privacy notice - general users and clients.
introduction.
the british standards institution (ico registration z7888292) (“bsi”) takes your privacy very seriously.
this privacy notice is intended to set out your rights and answer any queries you may have about your personal data.
if you need more information, please contact.
.
if you have entered into a contract with one of our subsidiaries or group companies, the controller of your data will be the bsi company or companies stated in your contract (bsi standards limited (ico registration za342039), bsi assurance uk limited (ico registration za341951) and/or bsi digital trust (uk) limited (ico registration z1767162)) and/or the bsi company to which you provide any additional consent.
in all other circumstances, the controller of your data will be the british standards institution.
our personal data handling policy and procedures have been developed in line with the data protection laws that apply to us in the countries in which we offer our good and services, in particular the eu general data protection regulation ((eu) 2016/679) (the “eu gdpr”) and the uk general data protection regulation which reflects the retained and amended provisions of the eu gdpr that are incorporated into uk law under the uk european union (withdrawal) act 2018 as amended (the “uk gdpr”), as these laws establish the most expansive data protection obligations.
1.
what personal data do we collect.
we collect and process personal data about you when you interact with us and our products and when you purchase goods and services from us.
the personal data we process includes.
• name.
• username and password.
• home or work address, email address and/or phone number.
• job title.
• payment and delivery details, including billing and delivery addresses and credit card details, where you make purchases from us.
• personal data related to the browser or device you use to access our website.
• internet browser and operating system.
• recordings of calls you make to our customer service team.
and• any other personal data you provide.
2.
how do we use this personal data and what is the legal basis for this use.
we process the personal data listed in paragraph 1 above for the following purposes.
• to establish and fulfill a contract with you, for example, if you make a purchase from us or enter into an agreement to provide or receive services.
this may include verifying your identity, taking payments, communicating with you, providing customer services and arranging the delivery or other provision of products or services.
we require this information in order to enter into a contract with you and are unable to do so without it.
• to comply with applicable law and regulation.
• in accordance with our legitimate interests in protecting bsi's legitimate business interests, role as the national standards body, and legal rights, including but not limited to, use in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigative purposes (including disclosure of such information in connection with legal process or litigation).
• with your express consent to respond to any comments or complaints we may receive from you, or to investigate any complaints received from you or from others, about our website or our products or services.
• we may use information you provide to personalise (i) our communications to you.
(ii) our website.
and (iii) products or services for you, in accordance with our legitimate interests.
• to monitor use of our websites and online services.
we may use your information to help us check, improve and protect our products, content, services and websites, both online and offline, in accordance with our legitimate interests.
• if you provide a credit or debit card, we may also use third parties (such as pos payment providers) to check the validity of the sort code, account number and card number you submit in order to prevent fraud, in accordance with our legitimate interests and those of third parties.
• we may monitor any customer account to prevent, investigate and/or report fraud, terrorism, misrepresentation, security incidents or crime, in accordance with applicable law and our legitimate interests.
• in circumstances where you contact us by telephone, calls may be recorded for quality, training and security purposes, in accordance with our legitimate interests.
and • we may use your information to invite you to take part in market research or surveys.
we may also send you direct marketing in relation to bsi’s relevant products and services.
electronic direct marketing will only be sent where you have given your consent to receive it, or (where this is allowed) you have been given an opportunity to opt-out.
we will not send you direct marketing of third party products or services although our own products or services may on occasion include co-operation with third parties.
you will continue to be able to opt-out of electronic direct marketing at any time by following the instructions in the relevant communication.
3.
with whom and where will we share your personal data.
we may share your personal data with our subsidiaries to process it for the purposes of inter-group administration and to deliver products or services where elements of these are provided by bsi group companies other than those with which you have directly contracted.
we may also share your personal data with the below third parties.
• our professional advisors such as our auditors and external legal and financial advisors.
• marketing and communications agencies where they have agreed to process your personal data in line with this privacy notice.
• market research companies.
• our suppliers, business partners and sub-contractors.
and/or• search engine and web analytics.
personal data may be shared with government authorities and/or law enforcement officials if required for the purposes above, if mandated by law or if needed for the legal protection of our legitimate interests in compliance with applicable laws.
personal data may also be shared with third party service providers who will process it on behalf of bsi for the purposes above.
such third parties include, but are not limited to, providers of website hosting, maintenance, call centre operation and identity checking.
in the event that our business or any part of it is sold or integrated with another business, your details will be disclosed to our advisers and those of any prospective purchaser and will be passed to the new owners of the business.
4.
how long will you keep my personal data.
we will not keep your personal data for any purpose longer than necessary to fulfill the original or a compatible purpose.
in some instances, we are required to retain certain information by law or due to our role as the national standards body, and for as long as reasonably necessary to meet regulatory or accreditation requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our terms and conditions.
where this is the case, your personal data will only be processed for the relevant legitimate purpose and not used for marketing.
where you are a customer, we will keep your personal data for the length of any contractual relationship you have with us and after that for a period of up to 3 years unless you are a customer purchasing standards in which event we will keep your information for up to 5 years in line with the standards lifecycle.
where you are a prospective customer and you have expressly consented to us contacting you, we will only retain your personal data for this purpose (a) until you unsubscribe from our communications.
or, if you have not unsubscribed, (b) while you interact with us and our content.
or (c) for 2 years from when you last interacted with us or our content.
in the case of any contact you may have with our customer services team, we will retain your details for as long as is necessary to resolve your query and for two weeks after the query is closed.
we may retain your personal data for a time beyond the specified retention period, to allow for information to be reviewed and any deletion to take place.
after it is no longer necessary for us to retain your personal data, we dispose of it securely according to our document & information retention policy.
5.
where is my data stored.
the personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored outside, the united kingdom or the european economic area (“eea”).
it may also be processed by staff operating outside the united kingdom or eea who work for us or for one of our suppliers, in which case the third country's data protection laws will have been approved as adequate by the european commission, the uk’s information commissioner's office, or other applicable safeguards will be in place.
further information may be obtained from our privacy team.
6.
what are my rights in relation to my personal data.
you have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes.
you can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data, clicking the unsubscribe button on any communication we have sent to you or by contacting us.
where you have consented to us using your personal data, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
if the information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you can notify us and ask us to correct or supplement it.
you also have the right, with some exceptions and qualifications, to ask us to provide a copy of any personal data we hold about you.
where you have provided your data to us and it is processed by automated means, you may be able to request that we provide it to you in a structured, machine readable format.
if you have a complaint about how we have handled your personal data, you may be able to ask us to restrict how we use your personal data while your complaint is resolved.
in some circumstances you can ask us to erase your personal data (a) by withdrawing your consent for us to use it.
(b) if it is no longer necessary for us to use your personal data.
(c) if you object to the use of your personal data and we don't have a good reason to continue to use it.
or (d) if we haven't handled your personal data in accordance with our obligations.
7.
where can i find more information about bsi’s handling of my data.
should you have any queries regarding this privacy notice, about bsi's processing of your personal data or wish to exercise your rights you can contact bsi’s privacy team using this email address.
.
if you are not happy with our response, if you are based.
in the united kingdom, you can contact the information commissioner's office .
in the eea, you can contact the dutch data protection authority, which is our lead supervisory authority in the european union .
anywhere else, you have the right to lodge your complaint with the relevant data protection regulator in the country where you are located.
bsi privacy notice - committees.
introduction.
the british standards institution (ico registration z7888292) (“bsi”) takes your privacy very seriously.
this privacy notice is intended to set out your rights and answer any queries you may have about your personal data.
if you need more information, please contact.
.
where you are a bsi committee member, the controller of your data will be the british standards institution.
our personal information handling policy and procedures have been developed in line with the data protection laws that apply to us in the countries in which we offer our goods and services, in particular the eu general data protection regulation ((eu) 2016/679) (the “eu gdpr”) and the uk general data protection regulation which reflects the retained and amended provisions of the eu gdpr that are incorporated into uk law under the uk european union (withdrawal) act 2018 as amended (the “uk gdpr”), as these laws establish the most expansive data protection obligations.
1.
what information do we collect.
we collect and process personal data about you when (a) you and/or your nominating organisation contacts us to add you as a member of a committee.
(b) you register with ecommittees (our committee member communication and document distribution system).
and (c) you attend committee meetings.
the personal data we process includes.
• your name.
• your home or work address, email address and/or phone number.
and• where you are a bss member, your region and areas of interest.
2.
how do we use this information and what is the legal basis for this use.
we process the personal data listed in paragraph 1 above for the following purposes.
• to enable us to generate standards, administer standards development, validate your involvement in a committee and enable you to liaise with other committee members including through ecommittees.
• to administer the standards process, including running committees and maintenance and monitoring of committee membership in order to ensure compliance with bs 0.
• in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigative purposes.
• to invite you to take part in market research or to send you committee member newsletters.
• to respond to your comments or complaints, including to investigate any complaints received from you or from others.
• to generate statistics (which will not identify you) regarding the composition of committees and their sector diversity as part of our role as a national standards body.
• to monitor use of our websites and online services and use your information to help us check, improve and protect our products, content, services and websites, both online and offline.
• to monitor use of ecommittees to prevent, investigate and/or report fraud, terrorism, misrepresentation, security incidents or crime and unauthorised downloading of standards documentation all in accordance with applicable law.
and• with your consent where required, to send you direct marketing in relation to our products and services.
we may also send you direct marketing in relation to relevant products and services.
electronic direct marketing will only be sent where you have given your express consent to receive it, or (where this is allowed) you have been given an opportunity to opt-out.
you will continue to be able to opt-out of electronic direct marketing at any time by following the instructions in the relevant communication.
3.
with whom and where will we share your personal data.
we may share your personal data with our subsidiaries to process it for the purposes of inter-group administration and to deliver products or services where elements of these are provided by group companies other than those with which you have directly contracted.
we may also share your personal data with the below third parties.
• your employer or nominating organisation to validate your involvement in committees.
• open text corporation, the host and systems provider of ecommittees for the purpose of systems maintenance and development.
and/or• other providers of services to us, including website hosting, maintenance, call centre operation and identity checking services.
personal data may be shared with government authorities and/or law enforcement officials if required for the purposes above, if mandated by law or if needed for the legal protection of our legitimate interests in compliance with applicable laws.
personal data may also be shared with third party service providers who will process it on behalf of bsi for the purposes above.
such third parties include, but are not limited to, providers of website hosting, maintenance, call centre operation and identity checking.
in the event that our business or any part of it is sold or integrated with another business, your details will be disclosed to our advisers and those of any prospective purchaser and will be passed to the new owners of the business.
4.
how long will you keep my personal data.
we will not keep your personal information for any purpose for longer than is necessary and will only retain the personal information that is necessary in relation to the purpose.
we are also required to retain certain information by law or if it is reasonably necessary to meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our terms and conditions.
where you are a committee member, we will keep your personal data for the lifecycle of the committee.
beyond that, we will retain your name (though not your other details) indefinitely for the purpose of evidencing the constitution of the committee and the transparency of the standards development process.
where you are a consumer & public interest network representative, we will retain your data for the period that you hold that function.
we will retain your data for a short time beyond the specified retention period, to allow for information to be reviewed and any deletion to take place.
in some instances, laws may require bsi to hold certain information for specific periods other than those listed above.
5.
where is my data stored.
the personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored outside the united kingdom or the european economic area (“eea”).
it may also be processed by staff operating outside the united kingdom or the eea who work for us or for one of our suppliers, in which case the third country's data protection laws will have been approved as adequate by the european commission, the uk’s information commissioner’s office or other applicable safeguards are in place.
further information may be obtained from our privacy team.
6.
what are my rights in relation to my personal data.
you have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes.
you can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data, clicking the unsubscribe button on any communication we have sent to you or by contacting us.
where you have consented to us using your personal data, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
if the information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you can notify us and ask us to correct or supplement it.
you also have the right, with some exceptions, to ask us to provide a copy of any personal data we hold about you.
where you have provided your data to us and it is processed by automated means, you may be able to request that we provide it to you in a structured, machine readable format.
if you have a complaint about how we have handled your personal data, you may be able to ask us to restrict how we use your personal data while your complaint is resolved.
in some circumstances you can ask us to erase your personal data (a) by withdrawing your consent for us to use it.
(b) if it is no longer necessary for us to use your personal data.
(c) if you object to the use of your personal data and we don't have a good reason to continue to use it.
or (d) if we haven't handled your personal data in accordance with our obligations.
7.
where can i find more information about bsi’s handling of my data.
should you have any queries regarding this privacy notice, about bsi's processing of your personal data or wish to exercise your rights you can contact bsi’s privacy team using this email address.
.
if you are not happy with our response, if you are based.
in the united kingdom, you can contact the information commissioner's office .
in the eea, you can contact the dutch data protection authority, which is our lead supervisory authority in the european union .
anywhere else, you have the right to lodge your complaint with the relevant data protection regulator in the country where you are located.
privacy notice - job applicants.
introduction.
the british standards institution (ico registration z7888292) (“bsi”) takes your privacy very seriously.
this privacy notice is intended to set out your rights and answer any queries you may have about how bsi collects and uses your personal data.
if you need more information, please contact.
.
unless we inform you otherwise during the recruitment process, bsi will be your data controller and will be the company to which you provide your consent for the processing of your personal data.
our personal information handling policy and procedures have been developed in line with the data protection laws that apply to us in the countries in which we offer our good and services, in particular the eu general data protection regulation ((eu) 2016/679) (the “eu gdpr”) and the uk general data protection regulation which reflects the retained and amended provisions of the eu gdpr that are incorporated into uk law under the uk european union (withdrawal) act 2018 as amended (the “uk gdpr”), as these laws establish the most expansive data protection obligations.
1.
what information do we collect and process.
we collect and process personal data about you when you apply for a job with us.
the personal data we process includes.
your name, home address, email address and/or phone numbers.
your date of birth, marital status, nationality and national insurance number (where you provide this to us).
your educational and employment history.
other information contained within your cv or other documents or information you submit to us.
information from the selection process, if any.
references and assessments relating to your work for previous employers.
medical and financial information (where you provide this to us).
information to confirm your identity and right to work, such as a copy of your passport.
details of any unspent criminal convictions.
and.
information relating to your feedback on our organisation.
with your specific consent, information relating to your ethnicity, gender, nationality, disability, religion, sexual orientation and other diversity-related information.
2.
what is the source of this information.
we obtain this information directly from you, our personnel, through our systems and equipment, as well as from third parties such as recruitment agencies, background checking companies or former employers.
we may also obtain it from your public profiles available online.
3.
how do we use this information and what is the legal basis for this use.
we process the personal data listed in paragraph 1 above for the following purposes only in accordance with our legitimate interests.
to enable us to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
to make recruitment decisions.
to prevent and detect fraud and other wrongdoing.
to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.
and.
to manage risk.
4.
with whom and where will we share your personal data.
we may share your personal data for the purposes of intra-group administration.
we may also share your personal data with our professional advisors such as our auditors and external legal and financial advisors.
personal data may be shared with government authorities and/or law enforcement officials if mandated by law or if needed for the legal protection of our legitimate interests in compliance with applicable laws.
personal data may also be shared with third party service providers who will process it on behalf of bsi for the purposes above.
in the event that any part of our business is sold or integrated with another business, your details may be disclosed to our advisors and those of any prospective purchaser and would be passed to the new owners of the business.
5.
how long will you keep my personal data.
we will not keep your personal information for longer than is necessary and will only retain the personal information that is necessary to fulfil the purpose.
we are also required to retain certain information by law or if it is reasonably necessary to meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our terms and conditions.
we will keep the personal data connected to your job application (including any interview records) for 6 months from the date of their creation by bsi or receipt from you.
if your application is successful and you become a member of staff we will provide you with a copy of the staff privacy notice.
the retention periods referred to therein will apply to your personal data during your employment.
6.
where is my data stored.
the personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored outside the united kingdom or the european economic area (“eea”).
it may also be processed by staff operating outside the united kingdom or eea who work for us or for one of our suppliers, in which case the other country's data protection laws will have been approved as adequate by the european commission, the uk’s information commissioner's office, or other applicable safeguards are in place.
further information may be obtained from our privacy team.
7.
what are my rights in relation to my personal data.
where you have consented to us using your personal data, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
if the information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you can notify us and ask us to correct or supplement it.
you also have the right, with some exceptions, to ask us to provide a copy of any personal data we hold about you.
where you have provided your data to us and it is processed by automated means, you may be able to request that we provide it to you in a structured, machine readable format.
if you have a complaint about how we have handled your personal data, you may be able to ask us to restrict how we use your personal data while your complaint is resolved.
in some circumstances you can ask us to erase your personal data (a) by withdrawing your consent for us to use it.
(b) if it is no longer necessary for us to use your personal data.
(c) you object to the use of your personal data and we don't have a good reason to continue to use it.
or (d) we haven't handled your personal data in accordance with our obligations.
8.
where can i find more information about bsi’s handling of my data.
should you have any queries regarding this privacy notice, about bsi's processing of your personal data or wish to exercise your rights you can contact bsi’s privacy team using this email address.
.
if you are not happy with our response, if you are based.
in the united kingdom, you can contact the information commissioner's office .
in the eea, you can contact the dutch data protection authority, which is our lead supervisory authority in the european union .
anywhere else, you have the right to lodge your complaint with the relevant data protection regulator in the country where you are located.
issue date.
may 2018.
iso 9001 quality management.
iso 13485 quality management.
iso 14001 environmental management.
iso 22301 business continuity.
iso/iec 27001 information security.
iso 45001 occupational health and safety.
food standards.
view all standards.
access and buy standards.
develop a standard.
assessment and iso certification.
auditing and verification.
product testing and certification.
validate bsi-issued certificates.
training courses.
medical devices services.
bsi connect.
digital trust.
view all services.
aerospace.
automotive.
construction and built environment.
education.
food.
government.
healthcare.
it.
manufacturing and engineering.
medical devices.
mining.
professional services.
view all sectors.
digital construction.
future of mobility.
global market access.
health and safety.
information security.
innovation.
internet of things (iot).
organizational resilience.
sustainability.
- circular economy.
view all topics.
built environment.
digital trust.
food industry.
view all blogs.
about bsi.
bsi impartiality.
our accreditation.
our clients and partners.
our financial information.
our governance.
our legal information.
our purpose, mission and vision.
our royal charter.
uk national standards body.
the global role of bsi as the national standards body.
events and webinars.
sustainable.
modern slavery statement.
privacy notice.
cookie policy.
terms of use.
accessibility.
site map.
© the british standards institution (current year).
