privacy policy.
this privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘personalinformation’ or 'personally identifiable information' (pii) is being used online.
personal information, as per the general data protection regulation (gdpr) means and includes all the informationrelating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
pii, as described in us privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or withother information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context.
please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect orotherwise handle your personal information or personally identifiable information in accordance with our website.
this privacy policy shall be applicable for the users of .
what personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app.
when ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address,mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
when using the web app, we collect your system's operating system details, browser details and ip address, forthe sole purpose of generating usage statistics, analytics and crash reports in order to orchestrate a betterexperience for you while you use the software.
we collect your name, email id and may use this information forinternal purposes like analytics, sending emails and support.
it is upto you to share your app state while reporting an issue.
when do we collect information.
we collect information from you when you register on our site, when you use the builderx website or app, place anorder, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, use live chat, open a support ticket orenter information on our site or use the app.
how do we use your information.
we may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter,respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in thefollowing ways.
to personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in whichyou are most interested.
to improve our website and app in order to better serve you.
to allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
to administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
to quickly process your transactions.
to ask for ratings and reviews of services or products.
to follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries).
how do we protect your information.
our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make yourvisit to our site as safe as possible.
we use regular malware scanning.
your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number ofpersons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
inaddition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via secure socket layer (ssl) technology.
we implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses theirinformation to maintain the safety of your personal information.
all transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
do we use 'cookies'.
yes.
cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive throughyour web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browserand capture and remember certain information.
for instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process theitems in your shopping cart.
they are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous orcurrent site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services.
we also use cookies to help uscompile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences andtools in the future.
we use cookies to.
help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
keep track of advertisements.
compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences andtools in the future.
we may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
if users disable cookies in their browsers.
if you turn cookies off, it will turn off some of the features of the site.
for more information, please refer to our cookie policy .
data retention.
we will hold your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes set forth in this policy or aslong as we are legally required or permitted to do so.
information may persist in copies made for backup andbusiness continuity purposes for additional time.
your choices and rights.
you have,.
the right to be informed.
the right of access.
the right to rectification.
the right to erasure.
the right to restrict processing.
the right to data portability.
the right to object.
and,.
the right not to be subject to automated decision-making including profiling.
you have the right to complain to us if you think there is an issue in how we are handling your data via email to[email protected] or reach out to relevant government authority.
access to your personal data.
upon request we will provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party,any of your personal data.
you may access, correct, or request deletion of your personal data by logging into youraccount, contacting us at [email protected] .
we will respond to you within1 month of your request.
deleting your account.
you may choose to close your account at any time.
you can request that we close it for you by writing to us at [email protected] .
third-party disclosure.
we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unlesswe provide users with advance notice.
this does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assistus in operating our website, marketing, advertising, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long asthose parties agree to keep this information confidential.
we may also release information when it's release isappropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property orsafety.
third-party links.
occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
thesethird-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
we therefore have no responsibility or liabilityfor the content and activities of these linked sites.
nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our siteand welcome any feedback about these sites.
google.
google's advertising requirements can be summed up by google's advertising principles.
theyare put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
we use google adsense advertising on our website.
google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.
google's use of the dart cookie enablesit to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the internet.
users mayopt-out of the use of the dart cookie by visiting the google ad and content network privacy policy.
we have implemented the following.
remarketing with google adsense.
google display network impression reporting.
demographics and interests reporting.
doubleclick platform integration.
we, along with third-party vendors such as google use first-party cookies (such as the google analytics cookies)and third-party cookies (such as the doubleclick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile dataregarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
opting out.
users can set preferences for how google advertises to you using the google ad settings page.
alternatively, youcan opt out by visiting the network advertising initiative opt out page or by using the google analytics opt outbrowser add on.
california online privacy protection act.
caloppa is the first state law in the usa to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacypolicy.
the law's reach stretches well beyond california to require any person or company in the united states(and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from californiaconsumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected andthose individuals or companies with whom it is being shared.
to see more at.
clickhere.
according to caloppa, we agree to the following.
users can visit our site anonymously.
once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the firstsignificant page after entering our website.
our privacy policy link includes the word 'privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.
you will be notified of any privacy policy changes.
on our privacy policy page.
can change your personal information.
by logging in to your account.
how does our site handle do not track signals.
we honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a do not track (dnt)browser mechanism is in place.
does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking.
it's also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking.
coppa (children’s online privacy protection act).
when it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, thechildren's online privacy protection act (coppa) puts parents in control.
the federal trade commission, unitedstates' consumer protection agency, enforces the coppa rule, which spells out what operators of websites andonline services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
we do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
fair information practices.
the fair information practices principles form the backbone of privacy law in the united states and the conceptsthey include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe.
understanding the fair information practice principles and how they should be implemented is critical to complywith the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
in order to be in line with fair information practices we will take the following responsive action,should a data breach occur.
we will notify you via email.
within 7 business days.
we also agree to the individual redress principle which requires that individuals have the right to legallypursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law.
this principlerequires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals haverecourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
contacting us.
if there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may email us at [email protected] or send us a post to.
apoorva sahu (director)builderx software pvt.
ltd.
no.
18, 2nd cross road,n.
s palya, 2nd stage btm layoutbangalore – 560076, karnataka, india.
builderx.
team.
learn.
sketch import.
community.
slack.
useful links.
changelog 1.
plans.
what happened to the macos app.
support.
feedback.
faq.
contact support.
others.
privacy policy.
cookie policy.
eula.
annual return.
