receive five emails with expert insights on how to turn sustainability goals into action with better data.
discover the full scope at a glance.
the integrated platform core, esg management, crem and data orchestration services.
monitor and report emissions, calculate carbon risk and define actionable net-zero roadmaps.
manage multiple corporate real estate use cases, from portfolio strategy to building operations.
select the data service of choice and turn the complex task of data gathering into a tailored, efficient process.
discover how major customers and industry partners are implementing data-driven real estate management with buildingminds.
simplify manual data entry and data collection methods with buildingminds' smart data survey tool.
manage, control and secure all real estate data along the entire lifecycle in one single source of truth.
connect with any system, software or application through hundreds of apis and smart services.
discover the integrated core of the buildingminds platform that makes data ready for all real estate use cases and ai.
as a premier partner, buildingminds enables to gather data for reports and beyond.
leveraging the wealth of technology partnerships, buildingminds delivers a first-class solution to customers.
with the goal of driving the decarbonization of the real estate industry, buildingminds actively supports various initiatives.
together with industry partners, buildingminds actively contributes to taking the real estate industry to a whole new level.
do you want to accelerate data-driven innovation and make real estate more sustainable.
with the backing of strong partners, our international team is transforming the way real estate building portfolios are managed.
building on the strength of diversity, buildingminds thrives on a culture of creativity, innovation and sustainable change.
meet the people pushing the boundaries to make the real estate industry more sustainable and resilient.
passionate about driving the future of real estate.
have a look at our job openings or send us an application.
online privacy and cookie policy.
last updated november 2021.
thank you for visiting the buildingminds website (“site”) and your interest in buildingminds, its products and/or services.
1.
introduction.
at buildingminds, we strive to honour the privacy and security of our users, customers and suppliers, as well as their representatives, in relation to all products, services, applications and websites provided by buildingminds (buildingminds gmbh, friedrichstraße 76 (wework), 10117 berlin, germany) acting as a controller under relevant data protection rules and regulations.
please read this privacy and cookie notice carefully to understand our policies regarding the treatment of your personal data.
this online privacy and cookie policy applies to individuals who interact with our site and services.
contact details of our data protection officer can be found at section 4 below.
2.
purpose of the site.
the site provides information about buildingminds.
the site provides general information about buildingminds, its products, solutions and services, career opportunities and information for investors.
on the site there may be special forms through which interested site visitors can request further information about buildingminds products and services.
3.
purpose of this online privacy and cookie policy.
this online privacy and cookie policy explains how we handle and treat your data as well as how we use cookies and other means of identification, when you visit the site or when you use our services.
buildingminds treats personal data in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
to this end, we have issued this online privacy and cookie policy.
it describes how we collect and further process personal data when you visit the site  or engage with us via the site (e.
g.
submission of data through filling out forms, sending emails, subscribing to the newsletter) or use our services.
this online privacy and cookie policy describes the type of personal data buildingminds collects from users of the site and customers, the method of collection and the purposes for which buildingminds may use, share or disclose such personal data.
the term “personal data” in this online privacy and cookie policy means any information that identifies or could reasonably be used to identify any natural person.
this online privacy and cookie policy applies to use of the site and services.
for registered customers who use our products, further data protection statements (and/or general terms and conditions) are applicable and available for registered customers.
if you provide us with personal data of other persons.
if you provide us with personal data of other persons (such as family members, work colleagues), it is your responsibility to ensure the respective persons are aware of this data protection statement and only provide us with their data if you are allowed to do so and such personal data is correct.
your acknowledgment of this online privacy and cookie policy.
by using the site and services and/or submitting data to us (e.
g.
through forms, email, events etc.
), you acknowledge that your personal data may be collected, used and disclosed in accordance with this online privacy and cookie policy.
4.
how to contact us.
if you have any questions or comments regarding this online privacy and cookie policy, your personal data or data privacy at buildingminds, please contact us at.
[email protected].
5.
how we collect and process personal data.
when, how and what kind of personal data we collect.
buildingminds treats personal data in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
we may collect your personal data in the course of our business, including through your use of our site and services.
we may receive data submitted by you.
there may be special forms through which you can request further information about buildingminds products and services.
when you submit such a request or electronically pass information to buildingminds in any way (e.
g.
via online contact form, email etc.
) you may be asked to provide certain information, including, but not limited to, contact details e.
g.
your name, title, company, address, phone number, email address or line of business.
we may collect data of your device and account.
you may also provide us with data regarding your device, your client or supplier account, etc.
these kinds of data will in many circumstances be considered as personal data under applicable data protection legislation.
if you choose to withhold any personal data requested by us, it may not be possible for you to gain access to or use certain parts, services or functions of the site and for us to respond to your query.
we may automatically log certain technical information.
by using our site and services, certain technical and other information is automatically disclosed by your computer and logged by us (such as your network address, the type of your browser, the site that referred you to our site) for operational and security purposes, and to better understand the usage of our site services.
please see section 15 of this online privacy and cookie policy “cookies and other means of identification”.
6.
purpose of processing, categories of personal data, legal grounds.
please consult the table below to see, when using our site and services, for which purposes we process (use, store, share, etc.
) personal data, which categories of personal data are being processed as well as the legal grounds for such processing.
7.
automated decision-making including profiling.
we make no automated decisions and profiles.
we do not intend to use the personal data we collect from you to make decisions based solely on automated processing.
in addition, we do not intend to process your data automatically with the aim of evaluating certain personal aspects.
8.
how long do we retain your personal data.
how long do we retain your personal data.
buildingminds takes every reasonable step to ensure that your personal data is only processed for the minimum period necessary for the purposes set out in this online privacy and cookie policy.
we process and retain your personal data as long as required.
for the purposes for which we collected it.
for the performance of our contractual obligation, i.
e.
for the duration of the entire business or employment relationship (from the initiation, during the performance of the contract until it is terminated).
for compliance with legal obligations or other purposes pursued with the processing, as well as beyond this duration in accordance with legal retention and documentation obligations.
personal data may also be retained.
for the period during which claims can be asserted against buildingminds or.
insofar as we are otherwise legally obliged to do so or.
if legitimate business interests require further retention (e.
g.
, for evidence and documentation purposes).
as soon as your personal data are no longer required for the above-mentioned purposes and if no other legal grounds require keeping that data, they will be deleted or anonymized.
9.
transfer of personal data to other parties (in-/outside of the eea).
who has access to your personal data.
we may, pursuant to valid legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena, or court/governmental order, allow access to any information (including such categories of personal data) provided to buildingminds, in order to comply with such process and to protect our rights and property.
we may share your personal data with third-parties who provide services for us.
your personal data may be transferred to third parties to whom we subcontract parts of our activities and who therefore take part in data processing.
this may for instance include hosting providers, technical support and any other relevant roles.
they will process such personal data only for the purposes listed in this online privacy and cookie policy and agree to treat it in accordance with it under data processing agreements in accordance with market standards and applicable laws.
they may only process your personal data in the same way as buildingminds is permitted to process it.
we may transfer your personal data outside of the european economic area (eea).
as buildingminds is a worldwide acting company, your personal data may be transferred to countries with a different level of data protection than the country from where you have submitted the personal data.
in the event of transfer of personal data to a country outside of the european economic area (eea), buildingminds systematically ensures the application of an adequate level of protection of such personal data by approved means (e.
g.
putting in place standard contractual clauses on the processing of personal data in accordance with the eu commission model clauses and comply with the recommendations 01/2020 of the european data protection board on measures that supplement transfer tools to ensure compliance with the eu level of protection of personal data).
you can request more information about such measures (including copies where relevant) by getting in touch with buildingminds through the contact details below.
we do not sell your personal data.
except as otherwise set forth in this online privacy and cookie policy or other data protection statements applicable in specific circumstances, we do not sell, trade, license or rent your personal data with any third parties.
10.
your rights.
how to access your personal data and to make use of your other rights.
subject to applicable law, you may have some or all of the following rights in respect of your personal data.
you can exercise these rights by submitting your request to [email protected].
you will need to include your personal details as well as some means of verifying your identity (e.
g.
copy of identity card or driving license).
if the request is submitted by a person other than you, without providing evidence that the request is legitimately made on your behalf, the request will be rejected.
please also note that some of these rights may be limited where buildingminds has an overriding interest or legal obligation to continue to process your personal data.
10.
1 access right and data portability.
you have the right to obtain confirmation of whether buildingminds processes personal data in relation to you and, if so, gain access to a copy thereof.
for certain kinds of data, you may also have a right to data portability.
10.
2 data accuracy.
right of rectification and right to erasure.
you have the right to rectify or obtain the erasure of your personal data, provided that the applicable legal requirements are met.
the right to erasure is subject to various exceptions, notably as regards personal data whose processing is necessary to support litigation or for compliance with statutory retention requirements.
10.
3 limits to processing.
right to restriction and right to object and consent withdrawal.
you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data and we will do so.
if we are relying on our own or someone else’s legitimate interests to process your personal data, except.
if we can demonstrate compelling legal grounds for the processing of your personal data.
you can object to the use of your data for advertising purposes using electronic mail at any time without incurring any costs other than the transmission costs according to the basic tariffs.
where any processing is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw such consent at any time (without this affecting the processing prior to the consent withdrawal).
10.
4.
right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authorities.
you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority, in particular the data protection authority that is competent for your place of residence or the lead supervisory authority for buildingminds, namely.
berliner beauftragte für datenschutz und informationssicherheit friedrichstr.
219 10969 berlin puttkamerstr.
16-18 tel.
+49 30 13889-0 fax.
+49 30 2155050 email.
[email protected].
11.
how we protect your personal data.
security and confidentiality of your personal data.
we are committed to keeping your personal data provided secure and we have implemented appropriate information security policies, rules and technical measures to protect your personal information that we have under our control from unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorized modification and unlawful destruction or accidental loss.
all of our employees, partners, consultants, workers and data processors (i.
e.
those who process your personal data on our behalf, for the purposes listed above), who have access to, and are associated with the processing of your personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of such data.
12.
personal data of children.
no collection of personal data from children.
buildingminds does not knowingly collect information from children, in particular below the age of 13.
if buildingminds learns that a child has provided it with personal data, it will remove such information from its files, unless we have the parents’ consent.
13.
links to other websites.
we may provide links to other websites.
this online privacy and cookie policy applies to the site and services but not to websites owned by third parties.
we may provide links to other websites which we believe may be of interest to you.
however, due to the nature of the internet, we cannot guarantee the privacy standards of such websites or assume responsibility for the contents of websites other than the buildingminds site.
this online privacy and cookie policy is not intended to be applicable to any linked, non-buildingminds website.
whenever you open a link to other websites, you should exercise caution and read the privacy policies of the website in question.
14.
use of social media plugins and other third party services.
14.
1 what are social media plugins (e.
g.
facebook, twitter, youtube, instagram or linkedin).
social media plugins allow websites to integrate social media functionality for the convenience of users.
such social media plugins are independent extensions of the providers of the respective social media network.
buildingminds has no influence over the type and amount of data collected through such social media plugins and stored by their providers.
if you use social media plugins you will be sending identifiable information to the respective social media platform.
if one social media plugin provider has placed cookies on your system, it can record your browsing behavior and create detailed user profiles using tracking data.
14.
2 how we use social media plugins.
the functions of social media plugins are deactivated by default to prevent any automatic disclosure of the user data to the provider.
social media plugins only send data once they have been activated, i.
e.
clicked by the user.
your internet browser then sends the log files (including your ip address) directly to the social media plugin provider's server where they may be stored.
the server may be located outside the eu or the eea (e.
g.
in the usa).
if you want to prevent a data exchange between your system and social media plugins, you should log out of the social media before using the site.
you should also activate private mode in your browser's data privacy settings.
it also helps to deactivate or limit cookies in your browser settings so that third parties cannot track your browsing behaviour.
you can also prevent social media plugins from loading altogether by using a script blocker as an add-on in your browser.
any comments or activity arising from persons using social media plugins is not controlled or endorsed by buildingminds and buildingminds shall not be held responsible or liable for such.
persons who share buildingminds’ content via social media plugins are not authorized to speak for or represent buildingminds.
their views and opinions must be strictly regarded as their own and not buildingminds'.
this online privacy and cookie policy is not intended to be applicable to any linked, non-buildingminds website.
whenever you open a link to other websites, you should exercise caution and read the privacy policies of the website in question.
14.
3 details on how third-party sites and social media platforms may collect your personal data.
for further information about the purpose and scope of data collection and the processing and use of your data by social media platform, as well as your rights and options to protect your data, please review the privacy statements of the respective providers.
in the context of our online platforms, we link to our social media pages of the following providers.
facebook.
facebook is operated at  by by meta platforms ireland limited, 4 grand canal square, grand canal harbour, dublin 2 ireland.
you will find an overview of facebook's plug-ins and what they look like here.
for facebook data privacy information go to.
.
twitter.
twitter is operated by twitter international company, one cumberland place, fenian street, dublin 2, d02 ax07 ireland ("twitter").
an overview of the twitter plug-ins and what they look like is available here.
for twitter's data online privacy and cookie policy visit.
twitter.
com/privacy.
youtube.
youtube is operated on de.
youtube.
com by google ireland limited gordon house, barrow street, dublin 4, ireland.
for more information on privacy visit.
.
linkedin.
linkedin is operated by linkedin ireland unlimited company, wilton place, dublin 2, ireland („linkedin”).
an overview of the linkedin plug-ins and what they look like is available here.
for linkedin’s data online privacy and cookie policy visit.
.
15.
cookies and other means of identification.
15.
1 what is a cookie.
a cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer or mobile device by websites you visit.
cookies are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website.
15.
2 what does a cookie do.
a cookie may store or retrieve information on your browser.
this information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site or service work as you expect it to.
a cookie enables us to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back or browse from one page to another.
the information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience.
15.
3 why we use cookies.
we use cookies to distinguish you from other users of our site, to let you to protect your data and our services and to navigate between pages efficiently and to store your preferences.
cookies provide you with a good experience when you browse on our site and they help us tailor our site and services to your personal needs (e.
g.
by automatic choice of languages, changing website appearance according to devices used).
they also allow us to gain customer satisfaction feedback and to communicate to you elsewhere on the internet.
for this purpose, our cookies may contain your ip-address, the time of your access to our site and services,  the duration of your stay on our site and similar information.
if you revisit our site or use our services again, we may recognize you, even if we do not know your identity.
cookies set by buildingminds or third parties.
in many cases, these cookies lead to the use of your device’s processing or storage capabilities.
some of these cookies are set by buildingminds itself, others by third parties.
some only last as long as your browser session, while others can stay active on your device for a longer period of time.
details are set out in section 15.
5 below.
15.
4 the types of cookies we use.
we may use the following types of cookies.
functionality cookies are necessary for functionality or services that you request or for the transmission of communications on our site and services.
analytical cookies are used to carry out performance and audience metrics regarding our site and services.
other cookies are used for tracking across a network of other websites, advertising, etc.
functionality cookies.
functionality cookies are necessary for functionality or services that you request or for the transmission of communications on our site.
they cannot be switched off in our systems.
functionality cookies are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
you can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of our site will then not work consequently.
analytical cookies.
analytical cookies are used to carry out performance and audience metrics regarding our site.
these cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.
they help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
all information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
for analytical cookies we request your consent before placing them on your computer or mobile device.
other cookies.
other cookies are used for tracking across a network of other websites, advertising, etc.
for other cookies we request your consent before placing them on your computer or mobile device.
for other marketing related cookies we request your consent before placing them on your computer or mobile device.
15.
5 what specific cookies do we use.
15.
6 how to manage your cookie settings on your browser.
analytical- and other marketing-cookies are only placed when you have given your consent in the consent-banner.
if you would like to change your settings and withdraw your consent, please click here.
cookie settings.
16.
changes to this online privacy and cookie policy.
we reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this online privacy and cookie policy at any time.
we shall notify any such changes in according with applicable data protection legislation.
we encourage you to regularly review this online privacy and cookie policy to make sure you are familiar with how we use your personal data.
subscribe for updates.
almost done.
please check your inbox and confirm your subscription.
this website is run carbon neutral.
follow us.
terms & conditions.
privacy policy.
imprint.
user support.
trust center.
job openings.
blog.
contact.
success.
thanks for getting in touch with buildingminds.
we'll get back to you just as soon as we can.
almost done.
thanks for getting in touch with buildingminds.
we will get back to you as soon as we can.
to complete your subscription to buildingminds updates, please check your inbox and confirm your email address.
almost done.
please check your inbox and confirm your subscription.
thanks for getting in touch with buildingminds.
we'll get back to you just as soon as we can.
almost done.
please check your inbox and confirm your subscription.
