for home ▾ multi-devicebullguard premium protectionbullguard internet securitybullguard vpndesktopbullguard antivirus.
multi-device.
bullguard premium protection.
bullguard internet security.
bullguard vpn.
desktop.
bullguard antivirus.
download.
community ▾ blogsecurity centerresources.
blog.
security center.
resources.
support.
partners.
shop.
change language.
dansk.
deutsch.
english.
español.
français.
italiano.
nederlands.
norsk.
português do brasil.
svenska.
中文.
中文（繁體）.
bullguard privacy policy.
in writing at bullguard limited, data team, tower 42, 25 old broad street, london, ec2n 1hn, united kingdom.
by emailing to .
personal data you provide to us.
you may give us information about yourself by filling in forms on the site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail, chat or otherwise.
this includes information you provide when you register and use a bullguard account, trial, purchase, and manage products, use the help centre or technical support centre, participate in forums or other social media functions on the site and if you report a problem with the site or a product.
the information you provide may include your name, address, e-mail address, phone number and financial and credit card information.
personal data we collect when you use our site and products.
we may collect.
technical information, including the internet protocol (ip) address used to connect your computer or mobile device to the internet, your login information, browser type and version, devices used or which connect to your network from time to time, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform.
information about your visit, including the full uniform resource locators (url) clickstream to, through and from the site (including date and time).
products you viewed or searched for.
page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
electronic “pings” emitted by your device each time it lands on a different page during the mobile security and antivirus product download and installation process.
if you have downloaded software under the small office security product, and elected to allow certain functionality, information about what other apps are installed on your device.
technical information, including the internet protocol (ip) address used to connect your computer or mobile device to the internet, your login information, browser type and version, devices used or which connect to your network from time to time, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform.
information about your visit, including the full uniform resource locators (url) clickstream to, through and from the site (including date and time).
products you viewed or searched for.
page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
electronic “pings” emitted by your device each time it lands on a different page during the mobile security and antivirus product download and installation process.
if you have downloaded software under the small office security product, and elected to allow certain functionality, information about what other apps are installed on your device.
personal data we receive from other sources.
we work closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners and sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them.
pii (remember – this is the “personal data you provide to us” and the “personal data we receive from other sources”)we will use this information.
to provide you with the information, products and services that you request.
to provide you with marketing information in accordance with your marketing preferences (see “how we use your personal data for marketing” )to provide you with reminders and renewal notifications relating to the bullguard products and services that you use.
to notify you about changes to our products or to our services or terms.
to ensure that content from the site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device.
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
to manage and administer our business.
to review and improve our products and services.
to provide you with the information, products and services that you request.
to provide you with marketing information in accordance with your marketing preferences (see “how we use your personal data for marketing” ).
to provide you with reminders and renewal notifications relating to the bullguard products and services that you use.
to notify you about changes to our products or to our services or terms.
to ensure that content from the site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device.
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
to manage and administer our business.
to review and improve our products and services.
npii (remember – this is “personal data we collect when you use our site and products”)we will use this information.
to test, develop and improve our products.
to produce analytical, statistical and tracking data.
to understand how the site is accessed and used.
to administer the site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
to improve the site, to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for users.
as part of our efforts to keep the site safe and secure.
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising served to users of the site and to target relevant advertising to users by demographic.
in the case of electronic “pings” collected during downloading of mobile products, to capture statistical information about the total number of devices landing on each page and the device types and languages used and to identify general user trends which can help us to ensure that the download and installation process for our mobile products is as efficient as possible and to  quickly identify the existence of any technical fault preventing users from downloading and/or installing mobile products.
to test, develop and improve our products.
to produce analytical, statistical and tracking data.
to understand how the site is accessed and used.
to administer the site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
to improve the site, to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for users.
as part of our efforts to keep the site safe and secure.
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising served to users of the site and to target relevant advertising to users by demographic.
in the case of electronic “pings” collected during downloading of mobile products, to capture statistical information about the total number of devices landing on each page and the device types and languages used and to identify general user trends which can help us to ensure that the download and installation process for our mobile products is as efficient as possible and to  quickly identify the existence of any technical fault preventing users from downloading and/or installing mobile products.
we are entering into and carrying out our obligations under a contract with you.
we need to use your personal data for our own legitimate purposes (such as the administration and management of our business and the improvement of our services) and our doing so will not interfere with your privacy rights.
prevent your personal data being used for marketing purposes (see “how we use your personal data for marketing” for further details).
have inaccurate personal data corrected, blocked or erased.
object to decisions being made about you by automated means or to your personal data being used for profiling purposes (see “automated decision making and profiling” .
object to our using your personal data in ways that are likely to cause you damage or distress.
restrict our use of your personal data.
require that we delete your personal data.
require that we provide you, or anyone that you nominate, with a copy of any personal data you have given us in a structured electronic form such as a csv file.
any business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors we work with to provide you with the products and services you have requested from us.
advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others.
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the site.
credit reference agencies for the purpose of assessing your credit score where this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you.
we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
if bullguard limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets.
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements entered into with you or to protect the rights, property, or safety of bullguard limited and its staff, our customers or others.
this includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
only storing your personal data on our secure servers.
using specialist third party payment providers to process payments made through our site  (read more in the section on “making payments through our site”).
ensuring that our staff receive regular data security awareness training.
keeping paper records to a minimum and ensuring that those we do have are stored in our locked offices.
maintaining up to date firewalls and anti-virus software to minimise the risk of unauthorised access to our systems.
you buy our products or use them during a free trial.
you have told a third party that you would like them to pass us your contact details so that we can send you updates about our products.
you have registered for a bullguard account and have indicated during the sign up process that you are happy to receive marketing communications.
clicking on the unsubscribe or opt out link that appears in each of our marketing emails.
updating your preference settings via your bullguard account or the cloud admin portal account.
contacting us using the details set out in the “who we are and how you can contact us” section of this policy.
connect with bullguard.
company.
about us.
press.
partners.
contact us.
careers.
products.
internet security.
antivirus.
premium protection.
support.
help centre.
product guides.
download.
internet security.
antivirus.
premium protection.
we keep you safe and we keep it simple.
legal terms.
privacy policy & cookies.
© 2022 bullguard, part of nortonlifelock inc.
all rights reserved.
