about.
properties.
news.
contact.
website privacy policy.
1.
statement.
your privacy is important to you…and to us.
so we'll protect the information you share with us.
to protect your privacy, capitoline properties, llc follows different principles in accordance with world-wide practices for customer privacy and data protection.
we will not sell or give away your name, mail address, phone number, email address, credit card number or any other information to anyone.
we will use state-of-the-art security measures to protect your information from unauthorized users.
2.
notice.
we will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you.
generally, this information is requested when you register on our site or when you fill out our contact form, download a product, sign-up for our newsletter or join a password-protected area of our site.
we use your personal information to alert you to new products, special offers, updated information and other new services from capitoline properties, llc.
3.
consent.
if/when registration is available, you may choose not to register or provide personal information.
you can still use most of capitolineproperties.
com.
but you will not be able to access areas that require registration.
if/when registration is available, you may register to select the kinds of information you want to receive from us by subscribing to various services, like our electronic newsletters.
if you do not want us to communicate with you about other offers regarding capitoline properties, llc products, programs, events, or services, you may select the option stating that you do not wish to receive marketing messages from capitoline properties, llc.
if/when capitoline properties, llc allows other companies to offer our registered customers information about their products and services, you may select the option stating that you do not wish to receive marketing materials from third parties.
4.
access.
your privacy is important to you…and to us.
so we'll protect the information you share with us.
to protect your privacy, capitoline properties, llc follows different principles in accordance with world-wide practices for customer privacy and data protection.
view and edit personal information you have already given us.
tell us whether you want us to send you marketing information, or whether you want third parties to send you offers.
sign up for electronic newsletters about our services and products.
5.
security.
capitoline properties, llc has taken strong measures to protect the security of your personal information and to ensure that your choices for its intended use are honored.
we take strong precautions to protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
we guarantee your e-commerce transactions to be 100% safe and secure.
when you place orders or access your personal account information, you're utilizing a secure server software ssl, which encrypts your personal information before it's sent over the internet.
ssl is one of the safest encryption technologies available.
capitoline properties, llc strictly protects the security of your personal information and honors your choices for its intended use.
we carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
your personal information is never shared outside the company without your permission.
inside the company, data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access.
your information may be stored and processed in the united states or any other country where capitoline properties, llc, its subsidiaries, affiliates or agents are located.
you also have a significant role in protecting your information.
no one can see or edit your personal information without knowing your user name and password, so do not share these with others.
6.
notice to parents.
parents or guardians.
we want to help you guard your children's privacy.
we encourage you to talk to your children about safe and responsible use of their personal information while using the internet.
the capitoline properties, llc site does not publish content that is targeted to children.
7.
what we do with the information you share.
when you provide us with your contact information, including your name and email address, we may use this information to send you updates about our site, questionnaires to measure your satisfaction with our service, and announcements about new and exciting services that we offer.
when you order from us, we ask for your credit card number and billing address.
we use this information only to bill you for the product(s) you order at that time.
for your convenience, we do save billing information in case you want to order from us again, but we don't use this information without your permission.
we occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including packaging, mailing and delivering purchases, and answering customer questions about products or services.
we only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
capitoline properties, llc will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to.
(a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on capitoline properties, llc or the site.
(b) protect and defend the rights or property of capitoline properties, llc and its family of web sites, and, (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of capitoline properties, llc, its web sites, or the public.
capitoline properties llc.
5 rimani drive                    mission viejo, ca 92692.
949.
951.
0255 office.
terms of use.
privacy policy.
m27.
