privacy policy.
last revised.
june 3, 2020.
this “celona privacy policy” (or “privacy policy“) applies to  frequency.
celona.
io, docs.
celona.
io, and planner.
celona.
io (“site”), which is owned and operated by celona, inc.
(“company” or “we” or “us”).
we recognize and respect your privacy.
this privacy policy explains how we collect, use and disclose personally identifying information (“personal information”) gathered through the site.
this privacy policy is subject to and incorporates by reference the site terms of use.
we reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time without notice to you.
you should check here periodically to review the current privacy policy, which is effective as of the revision date listed below.
your use of the site and submission of personal information to us constitutes acceptance and understanding of this privacy policy.
types of personal information collected through the site.
we may collect the following types of “personal information” through the site.
your contact information (such as first name, last name, work address, email address, company name and work phone number).
personal information contained in legal agreements (such as invoices and orders).
information posted by you to the site (such as comments, suggestions, feedback, opinions, or media).
and.
any other personal information you submit through the site or to us via the online forms or via email.
types of uses of information & personal information.
we collect, store and use information (including personal information) you provide to us in various ways always in accordance with this privacy policy and as follows.
to process product orders received through the site or other ways you communicate them to us (e.
g.
, email, phone).
to evaluate business opportunities.
to effectuate or enforce a transaction or agreement.
to adjust offerings or services provided by us to you.
to provide you with information about our products and services that we believe you may find of interest, including to send you mailing lists, and marketing and promotional e-mails.
to authenticate visitors to the site.
to be able to respond to requests or inquiries, and for similar, customer-service-related purposes.
we automatically collect through the site information that is often not personally identifying, such as the website from which visitors came to the site, site visitors’ ip address, browser type and other information relating to the device through which they access the site.
we may combine this information with the personal information we have collected from you.
and.
to improve the site and offerings or services provided by us and to better understand how users access and use the site and offerings provided by us.
for clarity, we do not make any warranty, express, implied or otherwise, that we will be able to prevent loss, misuse, unauthorized access to, or alteration of personally identifiable information you provide to us.
you make any disclosure of personally identifiable information to us at your own risk.
types of sharing of or disclosures of personal information.
we may share or disclose personal information to third parties for the following purposes.
in aggregated, or non-personally identifying, forms of information about site users for marketing, advertising, research or other reasonable business purposes.
to provide you with information relating to products or services that we believe you may find of interest.
in response to a subpoena or other legal process by a governmental entity or third party, or if otherwise required by law.
to protect or enforce our rights including with respect to our assets and properties.
in the event of the sale or dissolution (bankruptcy) of assets, in whole or in part, of our business or any of its affiliates.
to third parties involved in the process of fulfilling orders, providing, or performing functions on our behalf (e.
g.
, such as third-party service providers, contractors, payment processors, banks, and collection agencies).
and.
to provide products or services requested.
cookies and analytics.
when you interact with the site, we strive to make your experience easy and meaningful.
our site uses technology, or those of third-party service providers, such as cookies and similar technologies to track user activity and collect site data.
we may combine this data with the personal information we have collected from you.
cookies.
we (including our chosen third-party service providers) use cookies to track visitor activity on the site.
a cookie is a text file that a website transfers to your computer’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes.
our cookies assign a random, unique number to each visitor’s computer.
they do not contain information that would personally identify the visitor, although we can associate a cookie with any identifying information that is or has been provided to us while visiting the site.
we use cookies that remain on your computer for a specified period of time or until they are deleted (persistent cookies).
we may also use cookies that exist only temporarily during an online session (session cookies) – these cookies allow us to identify you temporarily as you move through the site.
most browsers allow users to refuse cookies but doing so may impede the functionality of some portions of our site.
third parties.
as noted, we may also engage third parties to track and analyze site activity on our behalf.
to do so, these third parties may place cookies to track activity on our site.
we use the data collected by such third parties to administer and improve the quality of the site, analyze usage of the site, and provide a more enhanced user experience on the site, such as personalizing and delivering relevant offers and content based on user activity on the site.
we do not provide these third parties with your personal information.
user content.
the site allows users to post information.
any information that you post to the site becomes public information and may be viewable by other users, as well as visitors to the site.
in addition, your name, as well as other optional information you choose to submit along with the information you post, will be publicly displayed along with your comment or blog.
we are not responsible for the privacy of any information that you choose to post to the site, or for the accuracy of any information contained in those postings.
we cannot prevent such information from being used by others in a manner that may violate this privacy policy, the law, or your personal privacy.
your posting of any content to any of the site is subject to our terms of use.
third-party links.
the site contains links to other, third-party websites.
any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this privacy policy, but, instead, is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party websites.
we are not responsible for the information practices of such third-party websites.
email policy.
we may use your email address to communicate with you about orders you have placed, inquiries you have made about our products and services, or information you have shared with us through the site or email.
we may send you emails from time-to-time, about information that we believe may be of interest to you.
we may also send you news and offers about our products and services, or those of our chosen partners.
examples include, but are not limited to, links to our blog articles, our newsletter, webinar and event invitations, community activities, information about special offers, latest product updates or other products or offerings.
if, at any time, you would like to stop receiving these promotional e-mails, you may follow the opt-out instructions contained in any such e-mail.
please note that it may take a few business days for us to process opt-out requests.
if you opt-out of receiving emails or promotions, we still may send you e-mails to you in accordance with this privacy policy, as requested by you, or in reference to other customer service purposes.
international users.
the site is hosted in the united states.
if you are accessing the site from outside the united states, by providing your information to the site, you are consenting to and authorizing the transfer of your information to the united states for storage, use, processing, maintenance and onward transfer of such information to other entities, regardless of their location, in accordance with this privacy policy and the site’s terms of use.
for clarity, and as outlined in the terms of use, you are also consenting to the application of united states law in all matters concerning the site.
how to contact us.
while we strive for error free performance, we cannot always catch an unintended privacy issue.
as a result, we encourage your questions and comments about any privacy concerns.
please direct them to us via the contact us form hosted at .
get started.
reach out.
dive deeper.
read our blogs.
