productprotected sessionsatonomi.
protected sessions.
atonomi.
resourcesblogpress releasescustomer portal.
login.
blog.
press releases.
customer portal.
login.
companyabout centricareersawardsevents.
about centricareersawardsevents.
careers.
awards.
events.
privacy policy.
centri technology privacy statement.
last updated.
september 7, 2018.
this privacy statement explains how centri technology and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies, including, without limitation, atonomi, llc (collectively, “company”) collects, uses, and discloses information about you through its website, the atonomi network and other online products and services (collectively, the “services”) or when you otherwise interact with us.
we may change this privacy statement from time to time.
if we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the privacy statement and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification).
we encourage you to review the privacy statement whenever you access the services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
collection  of information.
information  you provide to us.
we collect information you provide directly to us.
for example,  we collect information when you create an account, participate in any  interactive features of the services, fill out a form, participate in a  contest or promotion, apply for a job, communicate with us via third party  social media sites, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us.
the types of information we may collect include your name, email address,  postal address, ethereum wallet address, phone number, device information and  any other information you choose to provide.
automatically  collected information.
when you access or use our services, we automatically collect  information about you, including.
●       log information.
we collect log information about your use of the services,  including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your ip  address and the page you visited before navigating to our services.
●       device information.
we collect information about the computer or mobile device you  use to access our services, including the hardware model, operating system  and version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information.
●       information collected by cookies and other tracking  technologies.
we use various technologies to collect information, including  cookies and web beacons.
cookies are small data files stored on your hard  drive or in device memory that help us improve our services and your  experience and count visits.
web  beacons are electronic images that may be used in our services or emails and  help deliver cookies, count visits and understand usage and campaign  effectiveness.
for more information about cookies and how to disable them,  please see “your choices” below.
information  we collect from other sources.
we may obtain information from other sources and combine that  with information we collect through our services.
for example, we may collect  information about you from third parties, including, but not limited to,  certain registration information you provided during our initial coin  offering to our token sale advisor, tokenmarket.
use of  information.
we use the information we collect to provide, maintain, and  improve our services, such as to administer your account.
we may also use the  information we collect to.
●     send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support  and administrative messages and to respond to your comments, questions and  customer service requests.
●     communicate with you about products, services, offers, and  events offered by company and others, and provide news and information we  think will be of interest to you.
●     monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection  with our services.
●     detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other  illegal activities and protect the rights and property of company and others.
●     personalize and improve the services and provide advertisements,  content or features that match user profiles or interests.
and.
●     facilitate contests, sweepstakes and promotions and process and  deliver entries and rewards.
sharing of  information.
we may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described  in this privacy statement.
●     with vendors, consultants and other service providers who need  access to such information to carry out work on our behalf.
●     in response to a request for information if we believe  disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law,  regulation or legal process.
●     if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user  agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of  company or others.
●     in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale  of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our  business by another company.
●     between and among company and our current and future parents,  affiliates, subsidiaries and other companies under common control and  ownership.
and.
●     with your consent or at your direction.
we may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which  cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
advertising  and analytics services provided by others.
we may allow others to provide analytics services and serve  advertisements on our behalf across the internet and in applications.
these  entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other  technologies to collect information about your use of the services and other  websites and applications, including your ip address, web browser, mobile network  information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked and  conversion information.
this information may be used by company and others to, among other things,  analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver  advertising and content targeted to your interests on our services and other  websites and better understand your online activity.
for more information  about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing  information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit   if you are a u.
s.
resident or   if you are a resident of the european economia area.
security.
company takes reasonable measures to help protect information  about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure,  alteration and destruction.
data  retention.
we store the information we collect about you for as long as is  necessary for the purpose(s) for which we originally collected it, or for  other legitimate business purposes, including to meet our legal or other  regulatory obligations.
transfer of  information to the u.
s.
and other countries.
company is based in the united states and we process and store  information in the u.
s.
and other countries.
as such, we and our service providers may transfer your  information to, or store or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide  equivalent levels of data protection as your home jurisdiction.
we will take  steps to ensure that your personal data receives an adequate level of  protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it.
residents  of the european economic area.
if you are a resident of the european  economic area (“eea”), you have certain rights and protections under the law  regarding the processing of your personal data.
legal  basis for processing.
if you are a resident of the  eea, when we process your personal data we will only do so in the following  situations.
·          we need to use your personal data to perform our  responsibilities under our contract with you (e.
g.
, providing the services  you have requested).
·          we have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data.
for example, we may process your personal data to send you marketing  communications, to communicate with you about changes to our services, and to  provide, secure, and improve our services.
·          you have consented to the processing of your personal data for  one or more specific purposes.
data  subject requests.
if you are a resident of the eea, you have the right to access  personal data we hold about you and to ask that your personal data be  corrected, erased, or transferred.
you may also have the right to object to,  or request that we restrict, certain processing.
if you would like to  exercise any of these rights, you may contact us as indicated below.
questions  or complaints.
if you are a resident of the eea  and have a concern about our processing of personal data that we are not able  to resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data privacy  authority where you reside.
for contact details of your local data protection  authority, please see.
.
your  choices.
account  information.
you may update, correct or delete information about you at any  time by emailing us at  if you wish to delete or deactivate your account, please email us at  but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for  legitimate business purposes.
we may also retain cached or archived copies of  information about you for a certain period of time.
cookies.
most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default.
if you  prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject  browser cookies.
please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies,  this could affect the availability and functionality of our services.
promotional  communications.
you may opt out of receiving promotional communications from  company by following the instructions in those communications or by emailing  us at if you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional  emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
mobile  push notifications/alerts.
with your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional  push notifications or alerts to your mobile device.
you can deactivate these  messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile  device.
contact us.
if you have any questions about this privacy statement, please  contact us at.
.
contacting us.
if there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
centritechnology.
com701 5th ave, suite 550seattle wa 98104usa.
edited on 2016-01-29.
can spam act.
the can-spam act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
to be in accordance with canspam we agree to the following.
if at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at and we will promptly remove you from all correspondence.
fair information practices.
the fair information practices principles form the backbone of privacy law in the united states and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe.
understanding the fair information practice principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
in order to be in line with fair information practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur.
we will notify the users via emailwe will notify the users via in site notification.
within 1 business day.
we also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law.
this principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
coppa (children online privacy protection act).
does our site allow third party behavioral tracking.
it’s also important to note that we do not allow third party behavioral tracking.
how does our site handle do not track signals.
we honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a do not track (dnt) browser mechanism is in place.
california online privacy protection act.
caloppa is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy.
the law’s reach stretches well beyond california to require a person or company in the united states (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from california consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy.
– see more at.
.
according to caloppa we agree to the following.
users can visit our site anonymouslyonce this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
our privacy policy link includes the word ‘privacy’, and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
users will be notified of any privacy policy changes.
on our privacy policy page.
users are able to change their personal information.
by emailing us.
by calling us.
google.
google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by google’s advertising principles.
they are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
use google adsense advertising on our website.
google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.
google’s use of the dart cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the internet.
users may opt out of the use of the dart cookie by visiting the google ad and content network privacy policy.
we have implemented the following.
google display network impression reporting.
demographics and interests reporting.
we along with third-party vendors, such as google use first-party cookies (such as the google analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the doubleclick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
opting out.
users can set preferences for how google advertises to you using the google ad settings page.
alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the network advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the google analytics opt out browser add on.
third party links.
we do not include or offer third party products or services on our website.
third party disclosure.
we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
do we use ‘cookies’.
yes.
cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
for instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart.
they are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services.
we also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
we use cookies to.
keep track of advertisements.
compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
we may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.
you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies.
you do this through your browser (like internet explorer) settings.
each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
if you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled it won’t affect the users experience that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
however, you can still place orders.
how do we protect visitor information.
our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
we use regular malware scanning.
how do we use your information.
we may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways.
to allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
to administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
to send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
when do we collect information.
we collect information from you when you subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
an ip address is a number that is assigned automatically to your computer whenever you use the world wide web.
web servers – the big computers that “serve up” web pages – automatically identify your computer by its ip address.
when visitors request pages from centri technology’s website, a third-party service will monitor visiting company ip addresses on our behalf.
we typically do not link ip addresses to anything personally identifiable.
this means that a visitor’s session will be logged, but the visitor remains anonymous to us.
what personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app.
when ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
product.
protected sessions.
atonomi.
resources.
blog.
press releases.
customer portal.
login.
company.
about centri.
careers.
awards.
events.
contact us.
10002 aurora ave nsuite 36pmb 395seattle wa 98133.
phone.
+1 206.
395.
2793.
get social.
