home.
solutionscivicconnect platformcivicconnect smart miningcivicconnect smart districtscivicconnect urban mobilitycivicconnect economic developmentcivicconnect security & safety.
civicconnect platform.
civicconnect smart mining.
civicconnect smart districts.
civicconnect urban mobility.
civicconnect economic development.
civicconnect security & safety.
resources.
aboutwho we areleadershippartners.
who we are.
leadership.
partners.
privacy policy.
1.
civicconnect (aka civic resource group international) is committed to honoring the privacy of visitors to our web site (the “site”).
2.
civicconnect will not sell, release or rent any personal information gathered during your visit to a civicconnect owned site without your explicit permission.
3.
civicconnect may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests.
a cookie cannot read information off your hard drive or read cookie files from other websites.
you do not need to have cookies enabled in your browser to use civicconnect sites.
4.
for each visitor to our site, our web server automatically recognizes the customer’s ip address/domain name combination.
we collect ip address/domain name combinations of visitors to our web site.
civicconnect will use your ip address only for website administration, to detect problems with a server, or to track traffic patterns.
we do not use information regarding individual users.
5.
civicconnect does collect the e-mail addresses of those who voluntarily communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit and other information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or personal information requested on contact forms, registration forms, promotions, etc.
6.
the information we collect is used for internal review and may be used to improve the content of our overall internet site, to customize the content and/or layout of our site for each individual consumer, to notify consumers about updates to our web site.
this information will only be used to develop business/marketing if you have given civicconnect explicit permission to do so.
7.
if you send any communications or materials to the site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any comments, data, questions, suggestions or the like, all such communications are, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary.
thus you give up claim that any use of such material violates any of your rights including moral rights, privacy rights, proprietary or other property rights, publicity rights, rights to credit for material or ideas, or any other right, including the right to approve the way civicconnect uses such material.
8.
civicconnect provides links to merchants and service providers.
affiliated sites may or may not be served by civicconnect.
civicconnect is not liable for the content or privacy policies of third party merchants and service providers.
please review each merchant’s privacy policy for more information regarding the sites.
9.
any material submitted to this site may be adapted, broadcast, changed, copied, disclosed, licensed, performed, posted, published, sold and transmitted by civicconnect anywhere in the world, in any medium, forever.
10.
civicconnect is free to use, without compensation to you, any concepts, ideas, know-how or techniques contained in any communication you send to the site for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information.
however, you agree and understand that civicconnect is not obligated to use any such ideas or materials and you have no right to compel such use.
11.
to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
12.
internet transmissions are never completely private or secure.
you understand that any message or information you send to the site may be read or intercepted by others.
sending a message to civicconnect does not cause civicconnect to have any special liability to you.
13.
by submitting your information to us, you are consenting to our use of it as described above.
if you do not want to be contacted by us in the future, or if you do not want us to share the information we collect from you with other companies or organization, please do not submit your data to us.
contact us.
corporate headquarters7190 w sunset blvd #52 los angeles, ca 90046.
home.
resources.
who we are.
leadership.
partners.
contact.
privacy policy.
