our customers.
see how our customers use clearmetal to deliver against customer expectations.
how carter's clothing is speeding up time to market with a continuous delivery experience.
peter smith, evp of global supply chain at carter's children clothing.
fortune 500 saves over 3,000 metric tons of co2, impacting their carbon offset with clearmetal.
one of the largest fortune 500 companies is improving their carbon footprint with clearmetal.
popular resources.
clearmetal’s proprietary satellite algorithms have mapped the berths of every port in the world.
read how this breakthrough led to a 31 hour improvement over the industry standard in alerting our customers that their ship is at a port berth.
clearmetal was started to solve the "data problem" first.
we recognized that artificial intelligence and machine learning could never be effectively leveraged if the data they were fed was inherently wrong, late, or just plain missing.
today's supply chains make multi-million dollar choices on the basis of data they don't trust.
when your data is late, inaccurate, full of holes, and in some cases completely missing how can you justify the decisions you make.
supply chain case studies.
discover how our customers are leveraging clearmetal to transform their business or how our data science and engineering teams are making waves in the industry with groundbreaking work in the realm of supply chain visibility.
the shear scale of the global supply chain presents challenges not easily solved by modern day ai and machine learning.
the difficulties make it incredibly difficult to make headway in digitizing.
learn the hurdles to jump and the value success can bring.
clearmetal’s proprietary satellite algorithms have mapped the berths of every port in the world.
read how this breakthrough led to a 31 hour improvement over the industry standard in alerting our customers that their ship is at a port berth.
how does clearmetal compare in an independent review.
frost & sullivan reviews clearmetal compared to similar competitors in the visibility market to give an objective view on the benefits of a predictive logistics solution.
global top 10 packaging company solidifies “supplier of choice” status with clearmeta.
supply chain white papers.
our white papers cover the whole of supply chain, exploring the underpinnings of industry data, operations, planning and supply chain management.
predictive logistics is built on ai and machine learning, but barriers exist, preventing deployment and innovation.
this case study topples misconceptions around ai and machine learning to help the shipping community unlock the power of predictive logistics.
supply chain is complicated and not one-size-fits-all.
marquee speakers are professing "data got sexy" and data is now a core strategy for companies looking to succeed.
learn the 4 stages of supply chain analytics maturity.
garbage in garbage out.
if you don't tackle the data first you're doomed to fail.
supply chain intelligence should enable smarter decisions.
clean, complete, accurate data is key to transformation.
here’s how to do it.
clearmetal was started to solve the "data problem" first.
we recognized that artificial intelligence and machine learning could never be effectively leveraged if the data they were fed was inherently wrong, late, or just plain missing.
while retail sales have never been higher, etas for ocean containers have been increasingly less accurate over the past several years.
compound this with static lead-time planning and latent visibility of inventory.
these problems seem insurmountable.
did you know that 35-40% of all global transportation data is inaccurate.
at clearmetal, we are not just about collecting, aggregating, and showing information.
we are the only supply chain solution that has solved the data problem, delivering data you can trust so that true visibility can finally be achieved.
below are a few examples of how we uniquely cleanse and correct your global transportation data.
supply chain webinars and videos.
informative, never salesy our webinars tackle topics that are on the minds of everyone in supply chain management or logistics.
enjoy our previously aired on-demand webinars at your leisure our sign up for an upcoming webinar.
d&d costs rapidly scale up with each passing day.
dependent on how many containers you are managing, the type of container and the facility your costs can escalate rapidly.
learn how to manage costs and reduce your fees.
the benefits of moving from a manual, paper and excel based process to an automated ai driven organization are massive.
our customers see roi in personnel efficiency, increased revenue, and improved customer experience nearly immediately.
learn how.
clearmetal and analysts from idc discuss the current business environment and how ai is becoming more prevalent.
learn what the steps and benefits are in moving towards a more ai driven supply chain.
supply chain infographics.
graphical takes on supply chain topics.
we break down everything from where supply chain technology is headed to what bad data costs the industry.
the sheer scale of the operations required to move cargo around the world currently requires a significant amount of human ingenuity as well as a lot of often unconnected software solutions.
learn what's new, what's next, and what you should prepare for.
we've been doing this for a while now and we see a lot of data.
we can tell you without a doubt that everyone who ships containers over the ocean has bad data.
it's late, it's incomplete, it's wrong, and sometimes it just never shows up.
today's supply chains make multi-million dollar choices on the basis of data they don't trust.
when your data is late, inaccurate, full of holes, and in some cases completely missing how can you justify the decisions you make.
newsletter.
subscribe to monthly recaps of the latest in supply chain technology.
cdx.
customers.
news.
company.
headquarters.
400 montgomery street, suite 2.
san francisco, ca 94104.
| +1 (888) 792-8122.
privacy policy | terms & conditions.
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.
