companyaboutmanagementpatentscontactbook a meeting.
about.
management.
patents.
contact.
book a meeting.
why devicetone.
productsdevicetone® iot suitemsp readyasset managementcontrol centerrules, actions, schedulecrm/field servicebilling & monetizationdevicetone edgedevicetone genie.
devicetone® iot suitemsp readyasset managementcontrol centerrules, actions, schedulecrm/field servicebilling & monetization.
msp ready.
asset management.
control center.
rules, actions, schedule.
crm/field service.
billing & monetization.
devicetone edge.
devicetone genie.
case studies.
developers.
partners.
newsblogpress releasesmedia coverage.
blog.
press releases.
media coverage.
book a meeting.
subscribe.
shop.
protecting your private information is our priority.
this statement of privacy applies to the cloud of things.
com site and governs data collection and usage.
for the purposes of this privacy policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to cloud of things includes cloud of things.
com.
the cloud of things website is a commercial site specially tailored to provide users with products available to users by cloud of things.
by using the cloud of things website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
collection of your personal information.
we do not collect personally identifiable information from our users.
we may gather personal or non-personal information in the future.
information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by cloud of things.
this information can include.
your ip address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses.
this information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the cloud of things website.
cloud of things encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from cloud of things.
com so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information.
cloud of things is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the cloud of things.
com website.
security of your personal information.
cloud of things secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
opt-out & unsubscribe.
we respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information.
users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from cloud of things by contacting us at .
changes to this statement.
we will occasionally update this statement of privacy to reflect company and customer feedback.
we encourage you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how cloud of things is protecting your information.
contact information.
we welcome your questions or comments regarding this statement of privacy.
if you believe that cloud of things has not adhered to this statement, please contact us at .
follow.
follow.
follow.
links.
company.
why devicetone.
productsdevicetone iot suitedistribution channel man.
asset managementcontrol centerrules, actions, schedulecrm/field servicebilling & monetizationdevicetone edgedevicetone genie.
devicetone iot suitedistribution channel man.
asset managementcontrol centerrules, actions, schedulecrm/field servicebilling & monetization.
distribution channel man.
asset management.
control center.
rules, actions, schedule.
crm/field service.
billing & monetization.
devicetone edge.
devicetone genie.
case studies.
tools for developers.
partners.
news.
book a meeting.
subscribe.
shop.
contact.
israel.
3 aluf kalman street, tel aviv, 6107075.
office.
+972-3-77568888.
cloud of things © 2020 | all rights reserved | privacy policy & terms of use.
