home.
why choose uswhy choose usright people.
right tools.
right results.
who we areabout usprofessional staffapply nowwhat we doindustry expertiseprecision equipmentfeatured projectsarticles & news.
why choose usright people.
right tools.
right results.
right people.
right tools.
right results.
who we areabout usprofessional staffapply now.
about us.
professional staff.
apply now.
what we doindustry expertiseprecision equipmentfeatured projectsarticles & news.
industry expertise.
precision equipment.
featured projects.
articles & news.
our servicesexperience countscelebrating 20 years of helping design teams transform buildings nationwide.
building data in 2d, 3d, 360ºas-built surveysaerial surveyslaser scanning3d modelingreality captureother professional servicessign site surveys.
experience countscelebrating 20 years of helping design teams transform buildings nationwide.
celebrating 20 years of helping design teams transform buildings nationwide.
building data in 2d, 3d, 360ºas-built surveysaerial surveyslaser scanning3d modelingreality capture.
as-built surveys.
aerial surveys.
laser scanning.
3d modeling.
reality capture.
other professional servicessign site surveys.
sign site surveys.
large scale solutionslarge scale solutionsyour partner for large capital & multi-site projects.
applicationshospitality industry solutionsretail industry programsindustrial solutionshealthcare solutionsmultifamily housinghistoric preservationlearn moredownload a samplerecent postcontact us.
large scale solutionsyour partner for large capital & multi-site projects.
your partner for large capital & multi-site projects.
applicationshospitality industry solutionsretail industry programsindustrial solutionshealthcare solutionsmultifamily housinghistoric preservation.
hospitality industry solutions.
retail industry programs.
industrial solutions.
healthcare solutions.
multifamily housing.
historic preservation.
learn moredownload a samplerecent postcontact us.
download a sample.
recent post.
contact us.
privacy policy.
at coast 2 coast, accessible from  one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors.
this privacy policy document contains types of information that are collected and recorded by coast 2 coast and how we use it.
if you have additional questions or require more information about our privacy policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
log files.
coast 2 coast follows a standard procedure of using log files.
these files log visitors when they visit websites.
all hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics.
the information collected by log files includes internet protocol (ip) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (isp), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks.
these are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
the purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
children’s information.
coast 2 coast does not knowingly collect any personal identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
if you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
cookies and web beacons.
like any other website, coast 2 coast uses ‘cookies’.
these cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited.
the information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
for more general information on cookies, please read “what are cookies”.
google doubleclick dart cookie.
google is a third-party vendor on our site.
it also uses cookies, known as dart cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to  and other sites on the internet.
however, visitors may choose to decline the use of dart cookies by visiting the google ad and content network privacy policy at the following url – .
privacy policies.
third-party ad servers or ad networks use technologies like cookies, javascript, or web beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on coast 2 coast, which are sent directly to users’ browsers.
they automatically receive your ip address when this occurs.
these technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
note that coast 2 coast has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
third party privacy policies.
coast 2 coast’s privacy policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites.
thus, we are advising you to consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information.
it may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
you may find a complete list of these privacy policies and their links here.
privacy policy links.
you can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options.
to know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
what are cookies.
embedded content from other websites.
articles on this site may include embedded content (e.
g.
videos, images, articles, etc.
).
embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
these websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
online privacy policy only.
this privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect on coast 2 coast.
this policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
data protection.
coast 2 coast would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights.
every user is entitled to the following.
you have the right to request copies of your personal data.
we may charge you a small fee for this service.
you have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate.
you also have the right to request that we complete information you believe is incomplete.
you have the right to request that coast 2 coast erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
you have the right to request that coast 2 coast restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
you have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
you have the right to request that coast 2 coast transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
if you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.
if you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email address.
or call us at 423-296-9000.
consent.
by using our website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms and conditions.
gdpr compliance.
email address (*).
export personal dataerase personal data.
7704 basswood drivechattanooga, tn 37416phone.
+1 423 296 9000	(m-f 8am-6pm .
recent articles.
pdf to cad – when to use existing drawings.
7 signs staff augmentation could work for you.
staff augmentation in 3 easy steps.
recent projects.
learn more.
- get a proposal.
- articles & news.
- featured projects.
- privacy policy.
coast 2 coast is not a licensed land survey, engineering or architectural firm.
read more.
