technology.
solutionscockpit® enterprise – configurable solution for medical devicescockpit enterprise risk modulecompass® – out-of-the-box solution for medical devicesrisktraceabilitya better way to manage datalighthouse™ – applications for pharmaceuticals.
cockpit® enterprise – configurable solution for medical devicescockpit enterprise risk module.
cockpit enterprise risk module.
compass® – out-of-the-box solution for medical devicesrisktraceabilitya better way to manage data.
risk.
traceability.
a better way to manage data.
lighthouse™ – applications for pharmaceuticals.
resourceswhitepaperscustomer storiesebookstrainingblog.
whitepapers.
customer stories.
ebooks.
training.
blog.
companyleadershippartnersin the newseventscareerscontact ussupport.
leadership.
partners.
in the news.
events.
careers.
contact us.
support.
privacy policy.
last updated june 1, 2020.
this privacy policy describes how cognition corporation (collectively, “cognition”, “company”, “we”, or “our”) collects and uses the personal data you provide on our websites.
info.
cognition.
us, blog.
cognition.
us, and any other subdomains of cognition.
us (collectively, the “sites”).
it also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of information that identifies you (referred to in this privacy policy as personal data) and how you can access and update your personal data.
if you have any questions or concerns about our policy or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at .
1.
what information do we collect.
personal information you disclose to us.
we collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and services, when participating in activities on the sites, or otherwise contacting us.
the personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the sites, the choices you make, and the products and features you use.
the personal information we collect can include the following.
publicly available personal information.
we collect first name, last name, and/or nickname.
email addresses.
phone numbers.
business email.
business phone number.
and other similar data.
personal information provided by you.
we collect data collected from surveys.
and other similar data.
information automatically collectedwe automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate our sites.
this information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your ip address, browser, and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring urls, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our sites and other technical information.
this information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our sites, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
like many businesses, we also use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information.
2.
how do we use your information.
we use personal information collected via our sites for a variety of business purposes described below.
we process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations.
we indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
below are some definitions that will help you understand the roles and responsibilities of cognition corporation.
“data controller” means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information is, or is to be used.
“data processor”, in relation to personal information, means any person (other than an employee of the data controller) who processes the data on behalf of the data controller.
if you provide the data and the instructions, then you are the data controller and cognition corporation is the data processor.
if we determine the purposes for which we collect and use your personal information, then we are the controller.
we use the information we collect or receive.
to send you marketing and promotional communications.
we may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences.
you can opt out of our marketing emails at any time by emailing us at .
to send administrative information to you.
we may use your personal information to send you product, service, and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
fulfill and manage your orders.
we may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the sites.
deliver targeted advertising to you.
we may use your information to develop and display content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness.
request feedback.
we may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our sites.
to respond to user inquiries/offer support to users.
we may use your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the use of our sites.
for other business purposes.
we may use your information for other business purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and to evaluate, and improve our sites, products, marketing, and your experience.
we may use and store this information in aggregated and anonymized form so that it is not associated with individual end-users and does not include personal information.
we will not use identifiable personal information without your consent.
3.
will your information be shared with anyone.
we may process or share data based on the following legal basis.
consent.
we may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose.
legitimate interests.
we may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
performance of a contract.
where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
legal obligations.
we may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
vital interests.
we may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
more specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations.
business transfers.
we may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
third-party advertisers.
we may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the sites.
these companies may use information about your visits to our sites and other websites that are contained in web cookies and other tracking technologies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
4.
how long do we keep your information.
we will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
when we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
5.
how do we keep your information safe.
we have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process.
however, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure.
although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our sites is at your own risk.
you should only access the services within a secure environment.
6.
do we collect information from minors.
we do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
by using the sites, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the sites.
if we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records.
if you become aware of any data, we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at +1 (781) 271-9300.
7.
data breach.
a privacy breach occurs when there is unauthorized access to or collection, use, disclosure or disposal of personal information.
you will be notified about data breaches when cognition corporation believes you are likely to be at risk or serious harm.
for example, a data breach may be likely to result in serious financial harm or harm to your mental or physical well-being.
in the event that cognition corporation becomes aware of a security breach which has resulted or may result in unauthorized access, use or disclosure of personal information cognition corporation will promptly investigate the matter and notify the applicable supervisory authority not later than 72 hours after having become aware of it, unless the personal data breach is unlikely to result in a risk to the rights and freedoms of natural persons.
8.
controls for do-not-track features.
most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a do-not-track (“dnt”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected.
no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing dnt signals has been finalized.
as such, we do not currently respond to dnt browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online.
if a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy policy.
9.
links to third-party web sites and portals.
this website contains links to external web sites and portals operated by third parties.
please be aware that these third parties may collect your personal information.
the collection, use, retention and disclosure of your personal information by a third-party web site, portal, or other feature are governed only by the third party’s privacy policy and are not covered by our privacy policy.
also, we are not responsible for any transactions between you and third parties, even if you connect with the third party through a link on our website.
for example, we use a third-party payment processor, authorize.
net, to process your payments.
when you pay for our services, you will be directed away from our site to the website of authorize.
net to process your payment, which will be governed by the terms, conditions and privacy policy of authorize.
net.
you may view the authorize.
net privacy policy here.
.
10.
what are your privacy rights.
in some regions (like the european economic area), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws.
these may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure.
(iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information.
and (iv) if applicable, to data portability.
in certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information.
to make such a request, please use the contact details provided at the end of this policy.
we will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
if we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal.
if you are resident in the european economic area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority.
you can find their contact details here.
.
11.
do california residents have specific privacy rights.
california civil code section 1798.
83, also known as the “shine the light” law, permits our users who are california residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year.
if you are a california resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
if you are under 18 years of age, reside in california, and have a registered account with the sites, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the services.
to request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in california.
we will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the sites, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
12.
do we make updates to this policy.
we may update this privacy policy from time to time.
the updated version will be indicated by an updated “revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible.
if we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification.
we encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
13.
how can you contact us about this policy or your personal information.
you may contact our data protection officer (dpo), privacy officer, as provided below if you have questions or comments about our privacy policy.
data privacy officercognition corporation24 hartwell avenuelexington, ma 02421phone.
+1 (781) 271-9300email.
.
you may contact our marketing department if you (a) wish to make corrections to any personal information you have provided.
(b) want to opt-out from receiving future commercial correspondence, including emails, from us or our affiliated companies.
or (c) wish to withdraw your consent to sharing your personal information with others.
marketing departmentcognition corporation24 hartwell avenuelexington, ma 02421phone.
+1 (781) 271-9300email.
.
we will respond to your request and, if applicable and appropriate, make the requested change in our active databases as soon as reasonably practicable, to the extent required by applicable law.
+1 (781) 271-9300.
corporate headquarters.
cognition corporation24 hartwell avenuelexington, massachusetts 02421united kingdom.
cognition technology (uk) ltd.
5 theale lakes business parkmoulden waysulhamstead, berkshire, rg7 4gb.
© 2022 cognition corporation | privacy policy.
technology.
solutionscockpit® enterprise – configurable solution for medical devicescockpit enterprise risk modulecompass® – out-of-the-box solution for medical devicesrisktraceabilitya better way to manage datalighthouse™ – applications for pharmaceuticals.
cockpit® enterprise – configurable solution for medical devicescockpit enterprise risk module.
cockpit enterprise risk module.
compass® – out-of-the-box solution for medical devicesrisktraceabilitya better way to manage data.
risk.
traceability.
a better way to manage data.
lighthouse™ – applications for pharmaceuticals.
resourceswhitepaperscustomer storiesebookstrainingblog.
whitepapers.
customer stories.
ebooks.
training.
blog.
companyleadershippartnersin the newseventscareerscontact ussupport.
leadership.
partners.
in the news.
events.
careers.
contact us.
support.
