home.
publicthings.
verticals.
companyabout uswhat’s nexthackathonnewsthe official c2m iot blog.
about us.
what’s next.
hackathon.
news.
the official c2m iot blog.
become a partner.
contact us.
home.
publicthings.
verticals.
companyabout uswhat’s nexthackathonnewsthe official c2m iot blog.
about us.
what’s next.
hackathon.
news.
the official c2m iot blog.
become a partner.
contact us.
privacy policy.
plasma business intelligence inc.
(“plasma,” “we,” or “us”) is serious about protecting the private nature of any personal information that you may be asked to provide.
this privacy policy describes how we treat any personal information we may collect when you visit and use the website c2m.
net (the “site”) or any of the c2m.
net services (“service).
we encourage you to read this privacy policy to learn more about the ways in which plasma uses and protects your personal information.
important note.
by accessing or using the site or service, you expressly consent to plasma’s collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with the terms and conditions of this privacy policy.
this privacy policy is incorporated into and subject to our terms of use, available at  capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the terms.
if you do not agree to the terms of this privacy policy or the terms of use, then please do not use the service or access the site.
the c2m.
net site and service are not intended for use by children.
if you are under 18, you may use the site and/or service only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13.
if you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the site or service or send any personal information about yourself to us.
if we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
information we collect automaticallybrowsing the site does not automatically require you to register for an account or provide any personal information to us.
however, plasma will gather some generic information automatically.
this generic information may include the internet address assigned to your computer (or mobile device), your location, the number and frequency of your visits to the site, the duration of each visit, the url that you just came from (whether this url is on the site or not), which url you next go to (whether this url is on the site or not), and your computer browser information.
generic information does not reveal the identity of the visitor.
this type of aggregate data may enable us to determine how often users access certain parts of the site or service, conduct internal research on our users’ demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand, protect and serve you and our user community.
plasma may use this data in aggregate form in any manner.
as part of this use of information, we may provide aggregate information, not information about you personally, to our partners about how our users, collectively, use our service.
information you provide to uswe receive and store any information you enter on the site or service (e.
g.
, via account registration, uploads of content, etc.
), including name, phone number, email address and demographic data.
you can choose not to provide us with certain information, though this may result in your not being able to take full advantage of certain site or service features.
the personal information you provide may be used for such purposes as responding to your questions or requests, customizing the content you see, and communicating with you about new site or service features.
you agree that we may use your personal information to contact you as provided herein, though our intent is that email is the only channel we will use to contact you without your consent.
in order for you to take full advantage of the site and service, you must provide registration information, including an e-mail address and id.
we may also request demographic information and unique identifiers in order to provide you with a more personalized service.
once you register for the site and service, create channels, and/or give us your personal information, you will no longer be anonymous to us.
usernames and links to public accounts are only shown on your profile with your consent.
you always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to register for the site or service or to create channels.
you are responsible for managing the flow of your private information from one third party service to another.
if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you acknowledge that such information becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others and redistributed through the internet and other media channels.
analytics tools.
plasma may also use analytics tools to analyze your use of the site and service.
analytics tools generate statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies.
the information generated relating to the site and service is used to create reports about the use of the site and service.
plasma will store and use this information.
third party websites.
the site and service may contain links to other websites that are not maintained or controlled by plasma.
plasma is not responsible for the privacy practices (if any) of such other websites, and you are encouraged to review their privacy policies (if any).
the fact that a link to a third-party website exists on the site or service does not mean that the third-party site operates under the same or similar privacy practices as set forth in this privacy policy.
the policies and procedures plasma describes here do not apply to third-party websites.
if you access a third party website using a link, then you do so at your own risk.
you acknowledge that if you arrive at the site or service by clicking on an advertisement or content published by a third party, that third party may provide information to us about your activity on their site.
disclosure, sharing and use of personal data.
the information plasma collects is used to respond to inquiries, improve the content of the site, the quality of the service, fill open positions within plasma’s organization, facilitate promotions, sweepstakes and contests, and to provide information to plasma and its affiliates for their respective business purposes.
the personal information plasma collects is not sold to or shared with third parties, save and except.
(1) as necessary to provide the site or service, or any products or services you request in relation to the site or service.
(2) when plasma has your permission to share your information.
(3) it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required by law.
(4) such information is seen by third parties who provide web services or professional services to plasma.
(5) such information is shared with affiliates of plasma.
(6) it is necessary to protect the rights and property of plasma.
(7) in the event of a transfer, as set forth in the “transfer” section below, (8) in response to request under applicable law (e.
g.
, an order issued by a court of competent jurisdiction, or by a law enforcement agency), (9) when investigating and correcting technical problems and malfunctions in the site or service, or the computer systems that support the site or service, or (10) it is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action with regard to a violation of the site or terms, or to enforce compliance with the policies governing the site and service (including this privacy policy).
personal information may be available to third parties as noted in the preceding paragraphs.
plasma makes no representations or warranties about the acts or omissions of such third parties, including whether such parties will keep such information confidential.
plasma shall not be liable for any misuse of such information by a third party.
ownership and storage of information.
plasma uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run the site and service.
plasma and its licensors own the code, databases, and all rights to the site and service and any feedback you provide.
if you incorporate into feedback any content that you provide on the site or service, you hereby grant plasma a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, and display such content when operating the site and service, and for plasma’s internal business purposes.
note that any such content that you submit to the site and service publicly, you acknowledge that such content is publicly accessible.
plasma cannot monitor access to public content and therefore cannot ensure the privacy or security of such information.
plasma is not responsible for the misuse of any public content.
plasma may also indefinitely store any information that you provide to plasma or any of its affiliates through the site or service.
plasma and its affiliates also reserve the right to delete such information for any reason and for no reason.
transfer of information.
customer lists and information are properly considered assets of a business.
accordingly, if plasma merges with another entity or if plasma sells its assets to another entity (collectively referred to as a “transfer”), plasma’s contact lists and information, which may include personal information you have provided plasma, would be included among the assets that would be transferred and plasma would request that the entity treat your information in accordance with the terms (including this privacy policy).
however, plasma makes no guarantees as to whether such entity will treat your information in accordance with the terms (including the privacy policy) and disclaims any liability arising out of such entity’s failure to do so.
this same provision is applicable for each affiliate of plasma.
security.
we treat personal data as an asset that should be protected against loss and unauthorized access.
we use industry-standard secure socket layer (ssl) software to protect the security of your personal information during transmission, which encrypts all of the information you input to the site or service.
all personal information collected from other services that you provide through the use of the site and service is stored securely.
only employees who need personal information to perform a specific job (for example, a customer service representative) are granted access to it.
we also make commercially reasonable efforts to keep our employees up to date on our privacy and security practices.
we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this privacy policy.
by way of example, we may be forced to disclose personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications.
in addition, although plasma takes reasonable measures to ensure the security of the data you may choose to provide plasma from loss or misuse (including the measures discussed in the paragraph above), unfortunately the transmission of data through the internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
neither plasma, nor its affiliates, nor any of their respective employees, officers or agents or the provider of the internet services on behalf of plasma (nor any other person involving the management or establishment of the site or service) can give any representation or warranty as to the absolute security of the data transmitted using the site or service and cannot give any guarantee that such data will not be compromised by bad actors.
if you choose to provide data to or allow collection of data by plasma or any of its affiliates or any of their respective officers, directors or employees, agents, or independent contractors, then you do so understanding the aforementioned risk.
you must work to protect against unauthorized access to your passwords and to your computer by signing off once you have finished using a shared computer.
you are responsible for all actions taken with your assigned user id.
we strongly recommend that you do not disclose your password to any third parties.
if you choose to share your assigned user id or your personal information with third parties, you are responsible for all actions taken with your account and therefore you should review that third party’s privacy policy.
if you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf such as if someone used your assigned user id to forward libelous material through the site or service.
therefore, if your id has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password.
cookies.
when you visit the site, we may send one or more “cookies” to your computer hard drive through your web browser.
a cookie is a small file containing a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns.
any use of cookies, web beacons, log file information and similar mechanisms by us will be solely for the purposes of.
(1) improving the quality of access to the site by storing user preferences so that you will not have to re-enter such information during your visit or the next time you visit the site.
(2)tracking user trends, such as how people use the site, and their site access preferences.
(3) delivering custom, personalized content and information.
(4) identifying you when you access, visit, or log-in to the site or service.
(5) noting the different areas of the website which have recently been accessed through your computer.
(6) monitoring the effectiveness of any promotions or marketing campaigns by plasma or its affiliates.
(7) tracking your entries, submissions, and status in promotions, sweepstakes, and contests.
(8) improving the content of the site and conducting various other diagnostics to improve the service.
and (9) analyzing and improving site security.
cookies tell us how and when pages in our site are visited and by how many people.
to the extent plasma uses cookies, such cookies do not collect personal information, and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other personal information to tell us who you are or what your username or e-mail address is.
you are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although note that the site does not respond to “do not track” signals from browsers.
thus, your selection of the “do not track” option provided by your browser may not have any effect on plasma’s collection of cookie information for analytic and internal purposes.
to effectively manage plasma’s collection of cookie information, you may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies through the settings associated with your browser.
but, please note that if you choose to erase or block cookies, you will need to re-enter your information to gain access to certain parts of the site and may not be able to access other parts of the site.
accessing, reviewing and changing your personal information.
you may change your email address and contact information by going to the settings page.
you must promptly update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate.
you may be able to add or update certain additional information via the site or service.
when you update information, however, we often maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records.
please note that information may remain in our records after deletion of your account.
user communications.
you may input your contact information into the service so that plasma may contact you.
when you enter your contact information or send an email or other communication to plasma, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries and respond to your requests.
we do not give or sell this information to any third parties.
to the extent your e-mail address is provided to plasma, you may receive e-mail or other communications from us.
you may stop email messages and other promotional mailing by contacting plasma via e-mail at .
disputes, questions or comments.
for disputes regarding plasma’s collection or use of your personal information or for more information, or questions or comments concerning this privacy policy, please see plasma’s terms or contact us via email at .
changes to this policy.
please note that this privacy policy may change from time to time.
we will not reduce your rights under this policy without your explicit consent, and we expect most such changes will be minor.
regardless, we will post any policy changes on this page.
we may amend this privacy policy at any time by posting the amend terms on the site.
all amended terms shall automatically be effective thirty (30) days after they are initially posted on the site.
each version of this policy will be identified at the top of the page by its effective date.
publicthings.
iot verticals.
about us.
hackathons.
news.
blogs.
terms & conditions.
privacy policy.
site map.
contact us.
directory sign-up.
facebook.
twitter.
you tube.
linkedin.
subscribe to learn more.
here at c2m®, we want to ensure that your experience exceeds your expectations.
let us know how we are doing.
copyright 2017.
all rights reserved.
