solutions.
about.
industries.
blog.
resourcescase studiese-bookspress.
case studies.
e-books.
press.
contact us.
solutions.
about.
industries.
blog.
resourcescase studiese-bookspress.
case studies.
e-books.
press.
contact us.
privacy policy.
contguard’s website and app privacy policy.
last revised.
september 2, 2019.
contguard ltd.
and its affiliates, successor and assignees (“contguard”, “company”, “we” or “us”) respect the privacy of users of its website at  (the “site“), app and related services (“user” or “you”), and is committed to protect the personal information that its users share with it.
we believe that you have a right to know our practices regarding the information we may collect and use when you visit and/or use our site, app and services.
capitalized terms which are not defined herein, shall have the meaning ascribed to them in our terms at [/terms-of-use/] (“tou”), into which this privacy policy is incorporated by reference.
your consent (please read carefully.
).
by installing the app on your mobile device, by entering, connecting to, accessing or using the site, by executing an order form, by executing a poc form, and/or by using the service (as such terms are defined in the tou), you agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this privacy policy (the “privacy policy”), including to the collection and processing of your personal information (as defined below).
if you disagree to any term provided herein, you may not access or use the site, app or service, and you are requested to promptly uninstall the app from your mobile device.
for avoidance of doubt, you hereby consent to the collection, processing, transfer and use of your personal information.
you also acknowledge and confirm that you are not required to provide us with your personal information and that such information is voluntarily provided to us.
which information we may collect on our users.
we may collect two types of data and information from our users.
a.
non-identifiable and anonymous information (“non-personal information”).
we are not aware of the identity of the user from whom we have collected the non-personal information.
non-personal information is any unconcealed information which does not enable identification of an individual user, and which is available to us while such user is entering into and/or using the site and/or app.
non-personal information which is being gathered consists of technical information, behavioral information and aggregated information, and may contain, among other things, the activity of the user on the site and/or app, type of mobile device and its operating system and version, type of operating system, user’s ‘click-stream’ or searches on the site and/or app, type and version of browser, keyboard language, screen resolution, the hardware specifications of such device (including screen resolution), time spent on various screens of the app or site, demographics and biomechanical data, traffic patterns, etc.
b.
personally identifiable information (“personal information”).
this information may identify an individual or may be of a private and/or sensitive nature.
users of the site and/or app automatically provide their ip address and/or advertiser identifier (when available on a device) mainly for enhancing the user’s experience and for geo-location and security purposes as further detailed below.
personal information is collected from the details the users provide in the contact form on the site and/or app which includes, inter alia, the user’s name, company/organization name and his/her e-mail address and telephone number.
you may optionally provide via the contact form any text you wish to insert into the “message box”.
once your contact details are received by us, our representative will contact you and may collect additional personal information from you.
personal information is collected from the details the customers provide in the order form and/or poc form which includes, inter alia, the user’s name, company/organization name and his/her e-mail address and telephone number.
personal information may be collected from the details the user may provide us while contacting us via the support e-mail address available on the site and/or app.
in addition, when you subscribe to the service by completing the order form and/or poc form, you will have the option to use certain online payment processors which will require you to fill out a billing form wherein you will be required to provide to such online payment processors certain personal information (such as, a credit card number and other related billing information) (see section 6 below regarding the payment method).
we will not store such information in our records.
we only keep token information such online payment processors provide us with, and such information is strictly secured.
for avoidance of doubt, any non-personal information connected or linked to any personal information shall be deemed as personal information as long as such connection or linkage exists.
we do not collect any personal information from you or related to you without your approval, which is obtained, inter alia, through your active acceptance to the tou and the privacy policy.
how do we collect information on our users.
there are a few methods that we use.
we collect information through your entry and use of the site and/or app.
in other words, when you are using the site and/or app we are aware of it and may gather, collect and store the information relating to such usage.
we collect information which you decide to provide us voluntarily.
for example, we collect personal information when you contact us through the contact form.
we may gather, collect and store such information either independently or through the help of our authorized third-party service providers as detailed below.
what are the purposes of the collection of information.
non-personal information is collected in order to.
use it for statistical and research purposes and for customization and improvement ofour site, app and services.
enhance the user’s experience while using the site, app and services.
personal information is collected in order to.
provide and personalize our services to our users, including customers and potential customers.
communicate with our users.
provide the users with commercial materials, updates about the company’s developments, new offerings, news regarding the site, app and services, etc.
provide users with updated information regarding our products and services.
be able to contact customers for the purpose of providing them with technical assistance and in order to provide them the services.
determine general geolocation information (i.
e.
, country) from which the user’s computer is connected to the internet in order for us to know the general location of our site’s and/or app’s users as well as in order to safeguard our site and/or app.
sharing information with third parties.
contguard will share personal information it collects with its authorized third-party vendors and/or affiliates to the extent that such disclosure is required for contacting users in order to offer contguard’s services.
in addition, if granted your explicit consent, contguard may share personal information with its third party partners for direct marketing purposes.
notwithstanding, contguardmay share personal information in the following cases.
(a) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request.
(b) to enforce this privacy policy, tou, order form and/or poc form including investigation of potential violations thereof.
(c) to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
(d) to respond to claims that contact information (e.
g.
name, e-mail address, etc.
) of a third-party has been posted or transmitted without their consent or as a form of harassment.
(e) to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the company, its users or the general public.
(f) by virtue of undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of the company, so long as such acquirer maintains the same privacy terms hereunder.
or (g) pursuant to your explicit approval prior to the disclosure.
note, that we collect, hold and/or manage personal information through contguard’s authorized third parties vendors of certain products or services (such as, hosting cloud services) (including, as applicable, their affiliates) solely and limited to providing us with such requested services, and not for any other purposes.
such vendors may be located in a country that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.
for avoidance of doubt, contguard may use non-personal information and transfer and disclose it to third parties at its discretion.
payment.
we accept certain online payment methods, using our online payment processors, which enable users to send and receive payments securely online using a credit card or bank account.
we may add or change the online payment processors at our sole discretion.
contguard is not affiliated with such online payment processors (for more information see our tou), as each is an independent contractor, and neither is the agent or employee of the other, and neither is responsible in any way for the actions or performance (or lack thereof) of the other.
the use of the online payment processors is at the user’s discretion and sole liability and risk.
it is the user’s responsibility to abide by all the terms specified by the online payment processors in their terms of use and privacy policies, including but not limited to any age restrictions specified therein.
you acknowledge that you are fully assuming the risks of conducting any transactions via the online payment processors.
deletion or modification of personal information.
in any event, if for any reason you (or any person) wish to delete or modify personal information, please send us an e-mail with adequate detail of your request to.
and we will make reasonable efforts to modify or delete any such personal information pursuant to any applicable privacy laws.
note that unless otherwise explicitly specified herein and/or unless you instruct us otherwise we may retain your personal information for as long as reasonably required for the purposes of which such personal information was collected, including without limitation, for future analytics and analysis, in order to comply with our legal or business requirements or obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce our terms and/or to enable the user to reinstate his/her account, all as permitted under any applicable privacy laws, all as permitted under any applicable privacy laws.
aggregated and/or anonymous information derived from your use of the site, app or services may remain on our servers indefinitely.
minors.
the site and/or app is intended for users over the age of eighteen (18).
therefore, contguard does not intend and does not knowingly collect personal information from minors under this age.
we reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage so that we can verify that minors under this age are not using the site and/or app.
if we learn that we collected personal information from minors under the age of eighteen (18) we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
please contact contguard at if you have reasons to suspect that contguard collected personal information from minors under the age of eighteen (18) and we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
security.
we take reasonable measures to maintain the security and integrity of our site and/or app and prevent unauthorized access to it or use thereof through generally accepted industry standard technologies and internal procedures.
we employ highly secure services design and implementation using encryption and architectures mechanisms.
please note, however, that there are inherent risks in transmission of information over the internet or other methods of electronic storage and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access or use will never occur.
contguard shall not be responsible or liable for unauthorized access, hacking, or other security intrusions or failure to store or the theft, deletion, corruption, destruction, damage, or loss of any data or information.
third party service providers.
while using the site and/or app we may be using third party service providers, who may collect, store and/or process the information detailed herein.
contguard uses commercially reasonable efforts to engage with third parties that post a privacy policy governing their collection, processing and use of non-personal and personal information.
such software may include without limitation, google analytics services which its privacy policy can be found at.
please read such third party service providers’ terms of use and privacy policies to understand their privacy practices.
cookies and other tracking technologies.
when you access or use the site and/or app, we or our third party service providers may use industry-wide technologies such as “cookies” or other similar technologies which store certain information on your computer or device (“cookies”), which will allow us to enable automatic activation of certain features and make your experience much more convenient and effortless.
we or our authorized third party service providers may use both session cookies (which expire once you close the site and/or app) and persistent cookies (which stay on your system until you delete them).
it is easy to disable or delete cookies.
most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer’s hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored.
however, if you disable or erase cookies, your online experience may be limited.
cookies usually store only non-personal information, such as the web pages you have visited, the duration of your browsing, etc.
contguard does not control third party service providers.
international data transfer.
in order to provide the site, app and service, we may transfer information collected about you, including personal information, to affiliated entities, or to other third party service provides (as provided herein) across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
please note that we may transfer such information to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to such transfer of information.
direct marketing.
you hereby agree that we may use your contact details you provided us with (including, without limitation, e-mail address and phone number) for the purpose of providing you commercial and/or non-commercial materials related to our current and/or future products and services.
you may withdraw your consent by sending a written notice to contguard’s e-mail address that appears in the site and/or app or alternatively follow the instructions for removing yourself from the mailing list which are available in the message transmitted to you.
changes to the privacy policy.
the terms of this privacy policy will govern the use of the site, app and/or services and any information collected therein.
contguard reserves the right to change this policy at any time, so please re-visit this page frequently.
we will provide notice of substantial changes of this policy on the homepage of the site and/or app and we will send you an e-mail regarding such changes to the e-mail address that you may have provided us with.
such substantial changes will take effect seven (7) days after such notice was provided on our site and/or app or sent by e-mail, whichever is the earlier.
otherwise, all other changes to this privacy policy are effective as of the stated “last revised” date and your continued use of the site and/or app after the last revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.
in the event that the terms should be amended to comply with any legal requirements, the amendments may take effect immediately, or as required by law and without any prior notice.
got any questions.
if you have any questions (or comments) concerning this privacy policy, you are most welcome to send us an email to the following address.
.
industries.
automotive.
consumer goods.
defence & aerospace.
food & beverage.
pharma.
resources.
blog.
case studies.
e-books.
press.
about.
solutions.
careers.
contact us.
contguard © all rights reserved.
terms of use.
privacy policy.
