privacy policy.
privacy policy.
this privacy policy was last revised on september 5, 2017.
"corent technology, inc.
", "corent", "we", or "us" knows that you care how information about you is used and shared.
this privacy policy explains what information of yours will be collected by corent when you use the surpaas® service, how the information will be used, and how you can control the collection,	correction and/or deletion of information.
our basic principles are.
we won't spam you or sell your personal information to others.
you control how we send most messages to you.
you control who you share your applications with.
we will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this privacy policy.
we will only collect, use, and share your information as we describe in this privacy policy or as you give us express permission to do.
this privacy policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources.
capitalized terms that are not defined in this privacy policy have the meaning given them in our terms of service.
information we collect.
user-provided information.
you provide us information about yourself, such as your name and e-mail address, when you register for an account with the service.
you also provide us information in the content and application(s) you post to the service.
if you correspond with us by email, we may retain the content of your email messages, your email address and our responses.
if you sign up for a paid subscription to the service, we will ask you for your credit card information, which we store in encrypted form.
cookies information.
you provide us information about yourself, such as your name				and e-mail address, when you register for an account with the service.
you also provide us				information in the content and application(s) you post to the service.
if you correspond				with us by email, we may retain the content of your email messages, your email address				and our responses.
if you sign up for a paid subscriptwhen you visit the service, we may				send one or more cookies - a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric				characters - to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets corent help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site.
a cookie may also convey anonymous information about how you browse the service to us.
a cookie does not collect personal information about you.
a persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser.
persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site.
persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s directions.
a session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser.
you can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
however, some features of the service may not function properly				if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
clear gifs information .
log file information is automatically reported by your browser				each time you access a web page.
when you use the service, our servers automatically record				certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website.
these server logs may include information such as your web request, internet protocol				(“ip”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and urls, number of clicks, domain names,				landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.
log file information .
when you use the service, we may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons) which are used				to track the online usage patterns of our users anonymously.
no personally identifiable information from your surpaas account is collected using these				clear gifs.
in addition, we may also use clear gifs in html-based emails sent to our users				to track which emails are opened by recipients.
the information is used to enable more				accurate reporting, improve the effectiveness of our marketing, and make corent products				better for our users.
how we use your information.
we use the personal information you submit to operate, maintain, and provide to you the				features and functionality of the service.
by providing corent your email address, you consent to our using the				email address to send you service-related notices, including any notices required by law,				in lieu of communication by postal mail.
we may use your email address to send you				other messages, such as newsletters, changes to features of the service, or special offers.
if you do not want to receive such email messages, you may opt out or change your				preferences in your “my account page”.
following termination or deactivation of your account, may retain your profile information, content, and application for a commercially				reasonable time for backup, archival, or audit purposes.
furthermore, may retain and continue to use indefinitely all content contained in your communications				to other users or posted to public or semi-public areas of the service after termination				or deactivation of your account.
if you choose to use our invitation service to invite a friend to the service,				we will ask you for that person's email address and automatically send an email invitation.
corent stores this information to send this email, to register your friend				if your invitation is accepted, and to track the success of our invitation service.
your friend may contact us to request that we remove this information from our database				at this email address is being protected from spambots.
you need javascript enabled to view it.
corent may use certain information about you and/or your application internally				for purposes such as analyzing how the service is used, diagnosing service				or technical problems, maintaining security, and personalizing content.
corent reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor or remove				the content you post on the service if in our sole opinion such content violates,				or may violate, any applicable law or our terms of service, or to protect or defend our 				rights or property or those of any third party.
corent				also reserves the right to remove content upon the request of any third party.
we use cookies, clear gifs, and log file information to.
(a) remember information so				that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the service.
(b) provide custom, personalized content and information.
(c) monitor the effectiveness of				our service.
(d) monitor aggregate metrics such as activity, traffic, and demographic patterns.
(e) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated				with certain ip addresses.
and (f) help you efficiently access your information				after you sign in.
and (h) track content and users to the extent necessary to comply				as a service provider with the digital millennium copyright act.
how we share your information.
personally identifiable information .
corent will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others.
corent				may share your personally identifiable information with third parties solely for the purpose of providing the				service to you (for instance, to process your credit card transactions).
if we do this, such third parties’ use of your information will be bound by this privacy policy.
we may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of				corent (for instance, on servers in the cloud).
as we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings.
customer, email,				and visitor information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of				transactions.
we may also transfer or assign such information in the course of corporate				divestitures, mergers, or dissolution.
if you invite another user to share your application, we will share the application and				associated content with that user.
you can change your application sharing settings at				any time in you app resource page.
any content that you voluntarily disclose for posting				to public areas of the service becomes available to the public.
if you remove information				that you posted to the service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of				the service, or if other users have copied or saved that information.
except as otherwise described in this privacy policy, corent				will not disclose personal information to any third party unless required to do so by law				or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the law,				comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates, or investigate, prevent, or				take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities.
(b) to enforce our terms of service, take precautions against liability,				to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations,				to assist government enforcement agencies, or to protect the security or				integrity of our site.
and (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property,				or personal safety of corent, our users or others.
non personally identifiable information .
we may share non-personally identifiable information 				(such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and urls, platform types,				number of clicks, etc.
) with interested third parties to help them understand				the usage patterns for certain corent services.
how we protect your information.
corent uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial,				and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your				personal information and implement your application sharing settings.
we cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information				you transmit to corent or store on the service, and you do so at your own risk.
to protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps 				(such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access				to your account.
you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password 				and account information at all times.
compromise of personal information.
in the event that personal information is compromised as a result of a breach of security,				corent will promptly notify those persons whose personal information has				been compromised, in accordance with the notification procedures set forth				in this privacy policy, or as otherwise required by applicable law.
your choices about your information.
you may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable information through the service,				in which case corent may not be able to provide certain services to you.
you may update or correct your account information and email preferences at any time by 				logging in to your account for the service on  or the specific				surpaas sites providing your service.
you can review and correct the information about				you that corent keeps on file by contacting us				directly at 				this email address is being protected from spambots.
you need javascript enabled to view it.
children's privacy.
protecting the privacy of young children is especially important.
for that reason, corent does not knowingly collect or solicit personal				information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register				as members.
no one under age 13 is allowed to provide any personal information to or				on corent.
in the event that we learn that we have collected personal				information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
if you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13,				please contact us at 				this email address is being protected from spambots.
you need javascript enabled to view it.
links to other web sites.
we are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from the service,				nor the information or content contained therein.
please remember that when you use a link				to go from the service to another website, our privacy policy is no longer in effect.
your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link				on our website, is subject to that website's own rules and policies.
please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
notification procedures.
it is our policy to provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or				are for marketing or other business related purposes, to you via email notice, written or 				hard copy notice, or through conspicuous posting of such notice on the service, as determined				by corent in its sole discretion.
we reserve the right to determine the				form and means of providing notifications to you, provided that you may opt out of				certain means of notification as described in this privacy policy.
changes to our privacy policy.
if we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on the 				service to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under				what circumstances we may disclose it.
changes to this privacy policy are effective				when they are posted on this page.
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site,				or your dealings with this website, please contact us at				this email address is being protected from spambots.
you need javascript enabled to view it.
