digital dashboard.
contact us.
login.
main menu.
faq scoring methodsimprove my scores.
scoring methods.
improve my scores.
digitaldashboard.
gov.
helping federal agencies do digital better.
privacy policy.
information collected and stored automatically.
this website automatically collects some basic system information to help us measure site performance and visitor volume.
we also use this information to help us develop the site, analyze patterns of usage, address problem areas, and make the site more useful for you.
when you visit digitaldashboard.
gov, we may store some or all of the following.
internet protocol (ip) address from which you accessed the site.
date and time of your visit.
name of the file or words you searched.
items clicked on a page.
browser and operating system used.
and.
name of the website from which you linked to digitaldashboard.
gov.
we do not use this information to associate search terms or patterns of site navigation with individual users.
we do not share or sell visitor data for the purposes of advertising, marketing, or any other commercial purpose.
information you send us.
this website does not collect personal information unless you choose to provide that information, such as by sending us an email.
we only use the information you provide us to respond to your request.
if necessary, our web team may forward your message to the government employee who can best answer your questions.
we only share the information you give us with another government agency if your question relates to that agency, or as otherwise required by law.
we do not disclose, give, sell, or transfer any personal information about our visitors, unless required for law enforcement or statute.
use of cookies.
like many websites, digitaldashboard.
gov uses “persistent cookie” technology.
a persistent cookie is a small text file that this website places on your web browser so that it can gather anonymous summary demographic information, and remember your browser when it is used to visit our site again later—kind of like cookie crumbs (hence the name.
) these cookies uniquely identify a browser on a computer, but never a person.
in other words, if the same person uses both chrome and internet explorer, two unique browser cookies will be assigned, one for each browser, and that person will be counted as two different visitors because visits are based on browsers, not computers or persons.
we use persistent cookies in two ways, both of which enhance your experience on digitaldashboard.
gov while also protecting your privacy.
to remember you when your browser comes back to the site, so we don’t invite you to take our customer satisfaction survey every time you visit.
to get aggregate metrics on site usage to understand how people are using the site and how we can make it better.
government agencies only ever receive traffic statistics anonymously and in the aggregate.
most internet browsers automatically accept persistent cookies.
although using persistent cookies creates a much better experience for you, this site will also work without them.
if you don’t want to accept cookies, you can edit your browser’s options to stop accepting persistent cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.
here’s how you can disable cookies.
site security.
for site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this government computer system employs commercial software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits.
raw data logs are used for no other purposes and are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with national archives and records administration guidelines.
unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the computer fraud and abuse act of 1986 and the national information infrastructure protection act.
