termsof service.
these terms of service (“terms”) apply to your access and use of datamesh cloud service (the “service”, including datamesh director and datamesh checklist).
please read them carefully.
accepting these terms.
ifyou access or use the service, it means you agree to be bound by all of theterms below.
so, before you use the service, please read all of the terms.
ifyou don’t agree to all of the terms below, please do not use the service.
also,if a term does not make sense to you, please let us know by e-mailing .
changes to these terms.
wereserve the right to modify these terms at any time.
for instance, we may needto change these terms if we come out with a new feature or for some other reason.
whenever we make changes to these terms, the changes are effective after we post such revised terms (indicated by revising the date at the top of these terms) or upon your acceptance if we provide a mechanism for your immediate acceptance of the revised terms (such as a click-through confirmation or acceptance button).
it is your responsibility to check datamesh cloud service for changes to these terms.
ifyou continue to use the service after the revised terms go into effect, thenyou have accepted the changes to these terms.
third-party services.
from time to time, we may provide you with links to third partywebsites or services that we do not own or control.
your use of the service mayalso include the use of applications that are developed or owned by a third party.
your use of such third party applications, websites, and services is governedby that party’s own terms of service or privacy policies.
we encourage you toread the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third partyapplication, website or service that you visit or use.
creating accounts.
when you create an account or use another service to log in tothe service, you agree to maintain the security of your password and accept allrisks of unauthorized access to any data or other information you provide tothe service.
if you discover or suspect any service security breaches, pleaselet us know as soon as possible.
your content & conduct.
our service allows you and other users to post, link andotherwise make available content.
you are responsible for the content that youmake available to the service, including its legality, reliability, andappropriateness.
when you post, link or otherwise make available content to theservice, you grant us the right and license to use, reproduce, modify, publiclyperform, publicly display and distribute your content on or through theservice.
we may format your content for display throughout the service, but wewill not edit or revise the substance of your content itself.
aside from our limited right to your content, you retain all ofyour rights to the content you post, link and otherwise make available on orthrough the service.
you can remove the content that you posted by deleting it.
onceyou delete your content, it will not appear on the service, but copies of yourdeleted content may remain in our system or backups for some period of time.
you may not post, link and otherwise make available on orthrough the service any of the following.
content that is libelous, defamatory, bigoted, fraudulent, or deceptive.
content that is illegal or unlawful, that would otherwise create liability.
content that may infringe or violate any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of privacy, right of publicity, or other intellectual or  other rights of any party.
mass or repeated promotions, political campaigning, or commercial messages directed      at users who do not follow you (spam).
private information of any third party (e.
g.
, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, social security numbers, and credit card numbers).
and.
viruses, corrupted data, or other harmful, disruptive, or destructive files or code.
also, you agree that you will not do any of the following inconnection with the service or other users.
use the service in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect or inhibit other users from fully enjoying the service or that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the functioning of the      service.
impersonate or post on behalf of any person or entity or otherwise misrepresent your      affiliation with a person or entity.
collect any personal information about other users, or intimidate, threaten, stalk or otherwise harass other users of the service.
create an account or post any content if you are not over 13 years of age.
and.
circumvent or attempt to circumvent any filtering, security measures, rate limits, or other features designed to protect the service, users of the service, or third parties.
datamesh materials.
we put a lot of effort into creating the service including, the logo and all designs, text, graphics, pictures, information, and other content (excluding your content).
this property is owned by us or our licensors and it is protected by the u.
s.
and international copyright laws.
we grant you the right to use it.
however, unless we expressly state otherwise, your rights do notinclude.
(i) publicly performing or publicly displaying the service.
(ii)modifying or otherwise making any derivative uses of the service or any portionthereof.
(iii) using any data mining, robots or similar data gathering orextraction methods.
(iv) downloading (other than page caching) of any portionof the service or any information contained therein.
(v) reverse engineering oraccessing the service in order to build a competitive product or service.
or(vi) using the service other than for its intended purposes.
if you do any ofthis stuff, we may terminate your use of the service.
hyperlinks and third partycontent.
you may create a hyperlink to the service.
but, you may not use, frame, or utilize framing techniques to enclose any of our trademarks, logos, or other proprietary information without our express written consent.
datamesh makes no claim or representation regarding and accepts no responsibility for third-party websites accessible by hyperlink from the service or websites linking to the service.
when you leave the service, you should be aware that these terms and our policies no longer govern.
if there is any content on the service from you and others, we don’t review, verify or authenticate it, and it may include inaccuracies or false information.
we make no representations, warranties, or guarantees relating to the quality, suitability, truth, accuracy, or completeness of any content contained in the service.
you acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of or reliance on any content.
unavoidable legal stuff.
the service and any other service and content included on or otherwise made available to you through the service are provided to you on an as-is or as available basis without any representations or warranties of any kind.
we disclaim any and all warranties and representations (express or implied, oral or written) with respect to the service and content included on or otherwise made available to you through the service whether alleged to arise by operation of law, by reason of custom or usage in the trade, by course of dealing or otherwise.
in no event will datamesh be liable to you or any third party for any special, indirect, incidental, exemplary or consequential damages of any kind arising out of or in connection with the service or any other service and/or content included on or otherwise made available to you through the service, regardless of the form of action, whether in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages or are aware of the possibility of such damages.
our total liability for all causes of action and under all theories of liability will be limited to the amount you paid to datamesh.
this section will be given full effect even if any remedy specified in this agreement is deemed to have failed of its essential purpose.
you agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless from andagainst any and all costs, damages, liabilities, and expenses (includingattorneys’ fees, costs, penalties, interest and disbursements) we incur inrelation to, arising from, or for the purpose of avoiding, any claim or demandfrom a third party relating to your use of the service or the use of theservice by any person using your account, including any claim that your use ofthe service violates any applicable law or regulation, or the rights of anythird party, and/or your violation of these terms.
copyright complaints.
we take intellectual property rights seriously.
in accordancewith the digital millennium copyright act (“dmca”) and otherapplicable law, we have adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriatecircumstances and, at our sole discretion, access to the service for users whoare deemed to be repeat infringers.
governing law.
the validity of these terms and the rights, obligations, andrelations of the parties under these terms will be construed and determinedunder and in accordance with the laws of the state ofwashington, without regard to conflicts of lawprinciples.
jurisdiction.
you expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute with the service or relating to your use of it, resides in the courts of the state of washington and you further agree and expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction in the courts of the state of washington located in redmond, washington connection with any such dispute including any claim involving service.
you further agree that you and service will not commence against the other a class action, class arbitration, or other representative action or proceeding.
termination.
if you breach any of these terms, we have the right to suspendor disable your access to or use of the service.
entire agreement.
these terms constitute the entire agreement between youand datamesh regardingthe use of the service, superseding any prior agreements between you and datamesh relatingto your use of the service.
feedback.
please let us know what you think of the service, these terms and, in general, datamesh director.
when you provide us with any feedback, comments, or suggestions about the service, these terms and, in general, datamesh cloud service, you irrevocably assign to us all of your right, title, and interest in and to your feedback, comments, and suggestions.
questions & contactinformation.
questions or comments about the service may be directed to us atthe email address .
privacypolicy.
our privacy policy applies to information we collect when youuse or access our website, application, or just interact with us.
we may changethis privacy policy from time to time.
whenever we make changes to this privacypolicy, the changes are effective 7 days afterwe post the revised privacy policy (as indicated by revising the date at thetop of our privacy policy).
we encourage you to review our privacy policywhenever you access our services to stay informed about our informationpractices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
collection of information.
information you provide to us.
we collect the information you provide directly to us.
for example, we collect information when you participate in any interactive features of our services, fill out a form, request customer support, provide any contact or identifying information, or otherwise communicate with us.
the types of information we may collect include your name, email address, postal address, credit card information, and other contact or identifying information you choose to provide.
information we collect automatically when you use the services.
when you access or use our services, we automatically collectinformation about you, including.
log information.
we log information about your use of our services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your ip address, and the page you visited before navigating to our services.
device information.
we collect information about the computer you use to access our services, including the hardware model, and operating system, and version.
location information.
we may collect information about the location of your device each time you access or use one of our mobile applications or otherwise consent to the collection of this information.
information collected by cookies and other tracking technologies.
we use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer.
cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in your device memory that help us to improve our services and your experience, see which areas and features of our services are popular, and count visits.
we may also collect information using web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”).
web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our services or emails and to track count visits or understand usage and campaign effectiveness.
for more details about how we collect information, includingdetails about cookies and how to disable them, please see “yourinformation choices” below.
information we collect from other sources.
in order to provide you with access to the service, or toprovide you with better service in general, we may combine information obtainedfrom other sources (for example, a third-party service whose application youhave authorized or used to sign in) and combine that with information wecollect through our services.
use of information.
we use information about you for various purposes, including to.
provide, maintain and improve our services.
provide services you request, process transactions, and send you related information.
send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages.
respond to your comments, questions, and requests and provide customer service.
communicate with you about news and information related to our service.
monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our services.
and.
personalize and improve our services.
by accessing and using our services, you consent to theprocessing and transfer of your information in and to the united states andother countries.
sharing of information.
we may share personal information about you as follows.
with third party vendors and other service providers who need access to your information to carry out work on our behalf.
if we believe disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request.
to enforce applicable user agreements or policies, including our terms of service, and to protect us, our users, or the public from harm or illegal activities.
in connection with any merger, sale of datamesh assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
and.
if we notify you through our services (or in our privacy policy) that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information.
we may also share aggregated or anonymized information that doesnot directly identify you.
third party analytics.
we may allow third parties to provide analytics services.
thesethird parties may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collectinformation about your use of the services and other websites, including yourip address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked andconversion information.
this information may be used by us and third partiesto, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity ofcertain content and other websites and better understand your online activity.
our privacy policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, thirdparty cookies, web beacons or other tracking technologies and we encourage youto check the privacy policies of these third parties to learn more about theirprivacy practices.
security.
we take reasonable measures to help protect personal informationfrom loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration anddestruction.
your information choices.
cookies.
most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default.
if youprefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browsercookies.
please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this couldaffect the availability and functionality of our services.
promotional communications.
you may opt out of receiving any promotional emails from us byfollowing the instructions in those emails.
if you opt out, we may still sendyou non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or ourongoing business relations.
contact us.
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, pleasecontact us at.
.
