erp functionalitywarehouse management (wms)ecommercedirect store delivery (dsd)supply chain planningdock schedulingmaterial requirements planning (mrp)production capacity planningproduction line schedulingproduction managementsales forecastingmanufacturing operationsbatch productioncatch weight management (autofinisher) labor trackingmaintenance (mro / cmms)messerializationweigh upwarehousingwarehouse anchoringasset trackingcycle countinglocation replenishmentlot tracking and traceability wave pickingsalesengineering importscustomer relationship management (crm)point of sale (pos)product configuratoraccountingcost analysiscustomer & part profitabilityfinancial reportingglobal supportdocument generationbatch ticketscoa documentssds & ghs labelingshipping documentsquality (qms)formulationquality control testingstability testingmobilebi reportingmobile alertsedifeatured new functionality					pinned grid columns.
small feature, big winimprove visibility to sales marginsdeacom new security option.
multi-factor authentication.
warehouse management (wms)ecommercedirect store delivery (dsd).
warehouse management (wms).
ecommerce.
direct store delivery (dsd).
supply chain planningdock schedulingmaterial requirements planning (mrp)production capacity planningproduction line schedulingproduction managementsales forecasting.
supply chain planning.
dock scheduling.
material requirements planning (mrp).
production capacity planning.
production line scheduling.
production management.
sales forecasting.
manufacturing operationsbatch productioncatch weight management (autofinisher) labor trackingmaintenance (mro / cmms)messerializationweigh up.
manufacturing operations.
batch production.
catch weight management (autofinisher).
labor tracking.
maintenance (mro / cmms).
mes.
serialization.
weigh up.
warehousingwarehouse anchoringasset trackingcycle countinglocation replenishmentlot tracking and traceability wave picking.
warehousing.
warehouse anchoring.
asset tracking.
cycle counting.
location replenishment.
lot tracking and traceability.
wave picking.
salesengineering importscustomer relationship management (crm)point of sale (pos)product configurator.
sales.
engineering imports.
customer relationship management (crm).
point of sale (pos).
product configurator.
accountingcost analysiscustomer & part profitabilityfinancial reportingglobal support.
accounting.
cost analysis.
customer & part profitability.
financial reporting.
global support.
document generationbatch ticketscoa documentssds & ghs labelingshipping documents.
document generation.
batch tickets.
coa documents.
sds & ghs labeling.
shipping documents.
quality (qms)formulationquality control testingstability testing.
quality (qms).
formulation.
quality control testing.
stability testing.
mobilebi reportingmobile alerts.
mobile.
bi reporting.
mobile alerts.
edi.
edi.
featured new functionality					pinned grid columns.
small feature, big winimprove visibility to sales marginsdeacom new security option.
multi-factor authentication.
featured new functionality.
pinned grid columns.
small feature, big win.
improve visibility to sales margins.
deacom new security option.
multi-factor authentication.
industriesfood & beveragebeercandy & snackconsumer packaged goodsdairyingredientsmeatwine & spiritshealth & beautycannabiscosmetics & personal carenutraceuticalpharmaceuticalchemicaladhesives & sealantsbulk chemicalsoil & gaspaint, ink, & coatingsdistributionmedical devicehigh-techcompany typecontract manufacturingprivate equity ownedprivate label manufacturingtoll manufacturing.
food & beveragebeercandy & snackconsumer packaged goodsdairyingredientsmeatwine & spirits.
food & beverage.
beer.
candy & snack.
consumer packaged goods.
dairy.
ingredients.
meat.
wine & spirits.
health & beautycannabiscosmetics & personal carenutraceuticalpharmaceutical.
health & beauty.
cannabis.
cosmetics & personal care.
nutraceutical.
pharmaceutical.
chemicaladhesives & sealantsbulk chemicalsoil & gaspaint, ink, & coatings.
chemical.
adhesives & sealants.
bulk chemicals.
oil & gas.
paint, ink, & coatings.
distribution.
distribution.
medical device.
medical device.
high-tech.
high-tech.
company typecontract manufacturingprivate equity ownedprivate label manufacturingtoll manufacturing.
company type.
contract manufacturing.
private equity owned.
private label manufacturing.
toll manufacturing.
serviceseci connect conferenceerp implementationchange managementdata conversionedi mappingend user trainingproject managementsupportissue managementdeacom erp upgradesbusiness consultingnew employee trainingongoing process evaluationmanaged cloud servicesapi integrationsregulatory consulting21 cfr part 11 validationsqf certification.
eci connect conference.
eci connect conference.
erp implementationchange managementdata conversionedi mappingend user trainingproject management.
erp implementation.
change management.
data conversion.
edi mapping.
end user training.
project management.
supportissue managementdeacom erp upgrades.
support.
issue management.
deacom erp upgrades.
business consultingnew employee trainingongoing process evaluation.
business consulting.
new employee training.
ongoing process evaluation.
managed cloud services.
managed cloud services.
api integrations.
api integrations.
regulatory consulting21 cfr part 11 validationsqf certification.
regulatory consulting.
21 cfr part 11 validation.
sqf certification.
resourcesresourcesbrochures, case studies, and moreevents and webinarsvideo librarynews and pressindustry recognition and awardsmedia coveragepress releasesbe part of a worldwide teamcareers at ecideacom blogschedule a software democontact us.
resourcesbrochures, case studies, and moreevents and webinarsvideo library.
resources.
brochures, case studies, and more.
events and webinars.
video library.
news and pressindustry recognition and awardsmedia coveragepress releases.
news and press.
industry recognition and awards.
media coverage.
press releases.
be part of a worldwide teamcareers at eci.
be part of a worldwide team.
careers at eci.
deacom blog.
deacom blog.
schedule a software demo.
schedule a software demo.
contact us.
contact us.
supportchat with customer supportcall us at 1-877-433-2266 x6email us at system & knowledge base.
chat with customer support.
chat with customer support.
call us at 1-877-433-2266 x6.
call us at 1-877-433-2266 x6.
email us at .
email us at .
help system & knowledge base.
help system & knowledge base.
tell us about your business and we will get the conversation started.
*required fields.
user conference event app privacy notice.
rev.
date.
january 14, 2020.
deacom, inc.
, its service providers, and suppliers ("we", "us", "our") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
our goal is to provide you with all the information you need to enjoy and learn about the event you are attending and to build new connections with other participants.
to help us do that, we collect personal data when you register, contact us with inquiries, or use certain parts of the event app ("app").
“personal data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable person.
this notice provides you with information about.
how we use your data.
what personal data we collect.
who we provide your personal data to.
and.
your legal rights relating to your personal data.
who's who.
when this privacy notice uses the terms "participant", "you", or "your" we mean people using the registration page and app.
if you have any questions or concerns at any time, please contact us at the address below.
how do we use your data.
we use your data.
to understand who is attending the event.
to meet your needs at the event.
to make a tailored event app available to you.
to manage any registered account(s) that you hold with us.
to verify your identity.
to send you announcements about the event.
to send you notifications of private messages received through the app.
to better understand your needs and how you engaged with the elements of the event.
for crime and fraud prevention, detection and related purposes.
to enable us to manage customer service interactions with you.
and.
where we have a legal right or duty to use or disclose your information (for example in relation to an investigation by a public authority or in a legal dispute).
if you ask for help with using the app, we may access your personal data in order to understand the problem and find a solution.
what information do we collect from you.
information you may give us.
your name.
your contact details, including email address.
your password.
your photograph.
your position and company.
your biographical summary.
your social media links.
your website link.
your communication preferences.
your interests, preferences, feedback, and survey responses.
messages you send to other participants through the app.
the content of your posts to group discussions and activity feed posts.
use of cookies.
we use cookies on our website to distinguish you from other users of our website and service.
this helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve the website and service.
for detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our cookie policy.
why do we collect this information.
we collect and use your personal data because it is necessary for.
performance of our contractual obligations.
the pursuit of our legitimate interests (as set out below).
or.
complying with our legal obligations.
in general, we only rely on consent as a legal basis for processing in relation to distributing event announcements via push notification.
you have the right to withdraw consent at any time.
if you revoke consent for a particular purpose for which you had previously provided consent, we will stop using your personal data for that purpose after consent is withdrawn.
our legitimate interests.
the normal legal basis for processing participant data, is that it is necessary for our legitimate interests, including.
identifying the participants at our event.
managing access to our event and online services.
allowing users of the app to recognize you as the author of private messages, group discussion posts, and activity feed posts you create.
letting other participants find you in the app.
protecting participants, employees and other individuals and maintaining their safety, health and welfare.
promoting, marketing and advertising our events and offerings.
understanding our participants’ behavior, activities, preferences, and needs.
improving existing products and services and developing new products and services.
handling participant contacts, queries, complaints or disputes.
who might we share your information with.
our app provider.
in order to make certain services available to you, we may need to share your personal data with our app provider.
we only allow our app provider to handle your personal data when we have confirmed that they apply appropriate data protection and security controls.
we impose contractual obligations on our app provider to ensure that they (i) process personal data only under our instructions.
(ii) assist us in fulfilling our obligations under applicable data protection legislation.
and (iii) safeguard personal data in compliance with applicable data protection legislation.
required by law.
we will disclose personal data when we believe that the disclosure is required by law, including to comply with a judicial order served on us or when we receive a request from law enforcement authorities.
we will only disclose personal data to law enforcement authorities upon demonstration of lawful authority.
international transfers.
if you are registering for the event or using the event app from outside the united states, please be aware that you are sending information (including personal data) to the united states where our servers are located.
the courts, law enforcement or public authorities in the united states may be able to obtain disclosure of the data through the laws of the united states.
our service is accessible via the internet and may potentially be accessed by any user around the world.
other users may access the service from outside the european economic area (eea).
this means that where you chose to upload your data to the service, it could be accessed from anywhere around the world and therefore a transfer of your data outside of the eea may be deemed to have occurred.
you consent to such transfer of your data for and by way of this purpose.
how long do we keep your information.
we will not retain your personal data for longer than necessary for the purposes set out in this notice.
how do we secure and protect your information.
we are committed to data security.
we protect personal data through integrated physical, technological and administrative safeguards.
personal data is protected by security safeguards appropriate to the level of sensitivity of the data through (i) physical measures, such as secure areas.
(ii) technical measures, such as encryption and secure servers.
and (iii) organizational measures such as access policies based on the need-to-know and employee security through vetting and supervision.
however, if a personal data breach has occurred, we will notify you of the breach after becoming aware of the breach in accordance with applicable privacy legislation.
what rights do you have.
the eu general data protection regulation (gdpr) and similar privacy legislation provide for certain rights with respect to your personal data, including.
the right to ask what personal data we hold about you at any time and access that personal data.
the right to object to certain uses of your personal data.
the right to ask us to update and correct any out-of-date or incorrect personal data that we hold about you free of charge.
the right to have your personal data deleted.
the right to demand restriction of processing of your personal data.
the right to data portability.
and.
the right to revoke consent for uses of your personal data to which you previously consented.
you can correct the data published in your participant profile through the app or self-edit link.
if you wish to exercise any of the above rights, please contact us using the contact details set out below.
requests to exercise data protection rights will be assessed on a case-by-case basis.
not all jurisdictions require us to provide you with the rights listed above.
in these jurisdictions, we may not be legally required to comply with your request.
there may also be circumstances where we are not legally required to comply with your request because of exemptions provided for in applicable data protection legislation.
we will respond to your request within one month, free of charge, unless the volume or complexity of the request requires a longer process.
we will notify you if we require an extension and may charge you a reasonable fee if the administrative cost of providing the information is excessive.
if we refuse the request, we will provide justification.
changes to this notice.
we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to update or modify this privacy notice at any time ("modifications").
modifications to this privacy notice will be posted with a change to the "updated" date at the top of this privacy notice.
in certain circumstances we may, but need not, provide you with additional notice of such modifications, including by email.
please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any personal data.
this privacy notice was updated on the date indicated above.
your continued participation in the event and use of the app following the effectiveness of any modifications to this privacy notice constitutes acceptance of those modifications.
if any modification to this privacy notice is not acceptable to you, you should cease accessing, browsing and otherwise using the app.
