solutions                      initiatives                      container resource optimizationcloud resource optimizationvmware resource optimizationfinops for engineers                      infrastructure                      integrationsci/cdinfrastructure as codeitsm processesbusiness intelligence (bi).
initiatives                      container resource optimizationcloud resource optimizationvmware resource optimizationfinops for engineers.
container resource optimization.
cloud resource optimization.
vmware resource optimization.
finops for engineers.
infrastructure.
integrationsci/cdinfrastructure as codeitsm processesbusiness intelligence (bi).
ci/cd.
infrastructure as code.
itsm processes.
business intelligence (bi).
how it works                      hybrid cloud resource optimization & control                      cloud & container resource optimization engineintel cloud optimizerrequest a demostart your free trial.
hybrid cloud resource optimization & control                      cloud & container resource optimization engineintel cloud optimizerrequest a demostart your free trial.
cloud & container resource optimization engine.
intel cloud optimizer.
request a demo.
start your free trial.
resources                      educational                      resource librarycloud optimization blogkubernetes autoscaling guidek8s best practices guidefinops for engineers guideopenshift tutorialcloud & containers faqcloud & k8s videos                      services, docs, & training                      servicesproduct documentationapi documentationtraining.
educational                      resource librarycloud optimization blogkubernetes autoscaling guidek8s best practices guidefinops for engineers guideopenshift tutorialcloud & containers faqcloud & k8s videos.
resource library.
cloud optimization blog.
kubernetes autoscaling guide.
k8s best practices guide.
finops for engineers guide.
openshift tutorial.
cloud & containers faq.
cloud & k8s videos.
services, docs, & training                      servicesproduct documentationapi documentationtraining.
services.
product documentation.
api documentation.
training.
for developers.
company                      get in touch                      contact usrequest a demostart your free trial                      about us                      about densifyeventsnewsleadershippartnerscareers.
get in touch                      contact usrequest a demostart your free trial.
contact us.
request a demo.
start your free trial.
about us                      about densifyeventsnewsleadershippartnerscareers.
about densify.
events.
news.
leadership.
partners.
careers.
legal.
privacy policy.
densify privacy policy.
last modified on december 5, 2018.
data we collect.
cirba inc.
d/b/a densify is committed to protecting your privacy.
we may collect your personal data for business purposes in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when you visit our websites, complete webforms, and in connection with other activities, services, events, features, or resources we make available.
you may be asked to provide, as appropriate, personal data including name, email address, company, title, phone number, address, and information on your cloud infrastructure.
you may, however, visit our websites and interact with us anonymously.
we will collect your personal information only if you voluntarily submit such information to us.
you may always refuse to supply personally identifiable information, except when it is necessary and required to provide certain services.
online navigational data.
we collect anonymous usage data on our websites, such as ip address, referring site, and browser type.
we also use cookies to personalize your experience.
we do not correlate this data with personally identifiable information except when you have given your explicit consent or for security and legal purposes, such as preventing data theft.
you may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies and to alert you when cookies are being stored.
if you choose to refuse cookies, the functionality of some portions of our websites may be limited.
with your explicit consent, our websites may also use webforms and other data collection, storage, and correlation tools and methods to enhance your experience by collecting and leveraging personally identifiable information.
how we use data we collect.
densify may collect and use your personally identifiable information for the following business purposes.
to personalize your experience.
we may use information to understand how you use the services and resources we provide online and elsewhere.
to improve our websites, offerings, and services.
we may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
to communicate with you.
we may use your contact information to send you communication and updates pertaining to your interests.
your contact information may also be used to respond to your inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
if you choose to provide your email address, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
if at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails and communication, we include an unsubscribe link within each email.
how we manage & store data.
we do not sell, trade, or rent your personal data to others.
we may use third-party service providers to help us operate our business and administer activities on our behalf, such as sending email.
we may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes only, provided that you have given us your consent.
how we secure data.
we have adopted appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to prevent unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, destruction, or other misuse of information under our control.
only authorized personnel are allowed physical and/or digital access to servers and data.
all servers and data backups are kept secure from physical and electronic intrusion by use of firewalls and redundant security systems, which are periodically evaluated and upgraded.
additional information about densify security practices is available at .
managing your data, opting out, & unsubscribing.
we make it easy for you to manage your email subscriptions, update your personal data, or unsubscribe with a link within each email and webpage.
at any time, you may request to review your data or that we delete it.
please email [email protected] with any questions related to your personal data.
changes & updates to this privacy policy.
densify may update this privacy policy at any time.
when we do, we will revise the updated date at the beginning of this page.
we encourage you to frequently check  for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.
you acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
your acceptance of these terms.
by using our websites, you agree to these terms.
you are explicitly giving densify additional consent to enhance your experience by collecting and leveraging personally identifiable information when you select “i consent” in the privacy policy section of our webforms, opting in at an event, or consenting via a designated densify consent form.
contacting densify.
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at [email protected].
start optimizing your cloud & container resources.
request a demo start with a 1.
1 capacity optimization consultation.
get a personalized demo of the densify optimizer and see how you can maximize the alignment between your apps and their environments through sophisticated management of resources and capacity.
start your trial begin optimizing your cloud & container infrastructures.
connect to densify and begin optimizing compute resources in your cloud and kubernetes infrastructures.
our team of experts will work with you to accelerate your value.
security.
privacy policy.
terms of use.
legal.
manage your subscription, data, & cookies.
densify on the aws marketplace.
blog.
densify on facebook.
densify on github.
densify on instagram.
densify on linkedin.
densify on twitter.
densify on youtube.
© 2022 cirba inc.
d/b/a densify.
all rights reserved.
we’re glad you are here.
densify customizes your experience by enabling cookies that help us understand your interests and recommend related information.
by using our sites, you consent to our use of cookies.
learn more.
