contact sales.
companyopen menuabout uscareerscontact.
about us.
careers.
contact.
solutionsopen menuasset integrity managementpipeline integrity monitoringasset performance managementuav-based process optimizationsurveying, mapping, & remote inspectionelectrical asset monitoringview moreindustrial project managementhsse managementschedule controloccupancy monitoringcovid complianceautomated authorizationview moreremote monitoringcomputation on edgeindustrial security managementcontainer handlingview moreaccelerated ai.
asset integrity managementpipeline integrity monitoringasset performance managementuav-based process optimizationsurveying, mapping, & remote inspectionelectrical asset monitoringview more.
pipeline integrity monitoring.
asset performance management.
uav-based process optimization.
surveying, mapping, & remote inspection.
electrical asset monitoring.
view more.
industrial project managementhsse managementschedule controloccupancy monitoringcovid complianceautomated authorizationview more.
hsse management.
schedule control.
occupancy monitoring.
covid compliance.
automated authorization.
view more.
remote monitoringcomputation on edgeindustrial security managementcontainer handlingview more.
computation on edge.
industrial security management.
container handling.
view more.
accelerated ai.
success stories.
resourcesopen menublognewsroomvideos.
blog.
newsroom.
videos.
company about us careers contact us.
about us.
careers.
contact us.
solutions asset integrity management  pipeline integrity monitoring asset performance management uav-based process optimization surveying, mapping, and remote inspection electrical asset monitoring know more   industrial project management  hsse management schedule control occupancy monitoring covid compliance automated authorization know more   remote monitoring  computation on edge industrial security container handling know more   accelerated ai  know more.
asset integrity management  pipeline integrity monitoring asset performance management uav-based process optimization surveying, mapping, and remote inspection electrical asset monitoring know more   industrial project management  hsse management schedule control occupancy monitoring covid compliance automated authorization know more   remote monitoring  computation on edge industrial security container handling know more   accelerated ai  know more.
asset integrity management  pipeline integrity monitoring asset performance management uav-based process optimization surveying, mapping, and remote inspection electrical asset monitoring know more.
pipeline integrity monitoring asset performance management uav-based process optimization surveying, mapping, and remote inspection electrical asset monitoring know more.
pipeline integrity monitoring.
asset performance management.
uav-based process optimization.
surveying, mapping, and remote inspection.
electrical asset monitoring.
know more.
industrial project management  hsse management schedule control occupancy monitoring covid compliance automated authorization know more.
hsse management schedule control occupancy monitoring covid compliance automated authorization know more.
hsse management.
schedule control.
occupancy monitoring.
covid compliance.
automated authorization.
know more.
remote monitoring  computation on edge industrial security container handling know more.
computation on edge industrial security container handling know more.
computation on edge.
industrial security.
container handling.
know more.
accelerated ai  know more.
know more.
know more.
success stories.
resources blog newsroom videos.
blog.
newsroom.
videos.
contact sales.
privacy policy.
detect technologies  privacy policy.
detect is committed to the protection of the privacy rights of individuals.
this privacy policy (“detect privacy policy”) explains how detect handles information relating to an identified or identifiable individual (“personal information”) that is provided to detect or that detect collects when you visit  (the “site”).
more specifically, this privacy policy informs you as to the categories of personal information that we collect or process, why such personal information is processed, how it is used and what rights you have.
this privacy policy does not apply to personal information collected on any third-party site or application (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from our websites.
we are not responsible for the privacy policies or data collection, use and disclosure practices of those sites.
we encourage you to review the privacy policies of each site you visit.
the terms “you,” “your,” and “yours” refer to anyone utilizing the site.
the terms “detect “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to detect technologies pvt ltd and its subsidiaries and affiliates.
by using the site, you consent to the practices set forth in this privacy policy.
we may periodically make changes to this privacy policy that we will include on this page.
it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy frequently and remain informed about any changes.
1.
how and what personal information is collected.
use of the site.
cookies.
detect collects personal information that you voluntarily provide us by completing and submitting forms on this site, such as on the “contact us” or “contact sales” pages on the site.
this personal information may include information such as your name, email address, telephone number, company name and size, job title and the reason why you are contacting us.
you may also use the site to apply for a job with us, in which case you will provide us personal information relevant to your job application.
the site also automatically collects personal information through the use of cookies or similar technologies to facilitate and enhance your use of the site and track usage patterns.
cookies are commonly used small files that are placed on your device.
for example, we collect information on the pages you have visited, your referring url or ip address, the time of your visit and related session information, your requested page, browser type, usr agent, status of request, number of bytes in the response, and query string.
the cookies that the site uses generally fall under the following categories.
a.
essential cookies.
essential cookies facilitate your use and navigation of the site.
essential cookies include session cookies, which are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you close the browser.
b.
analytics cookies.
we and our service providers use analytics cookies that collect aggregated and / or anonymous information to analyze the performance of the site and how it is used.
for example, analytics cookies show us which areas of the site are most frequently visited.
an example of a third-party analytics cookie is the google analytics cookie.
users may obtain information on how to opt out of google analytics cookies at the following url.
.
c.
third party marketing cookies.
these cookies collect information on your activities on the site and other sites to display targeted marketing based on your interests.
some browsers offer a “do not track” (“dnt”) option.
because no common industry or legal standard for dnt has been adopted by industry groups, technology companies or regulators, we do not respond to dnt signals.
we will make efforts to continue to monitor developments around dnt browser technology and the implementation of a standard.
however, you may elect not to accept cookies by changing the designated settings on your web browser.
please note that some features of our site may not function without the essential cookies.
2.
how information is used.
we may use the personal information in one or more of the following ways.
sending information or materials you request.
responding to your questions and concerns posted via the site.
providing a newsletter or other marketing communications.
operating and improving the site.
improving our products and services and our marketing efforts.
conducting research and analysis.
processing and delivering contest entries and rewards.
evaluating your job application if you have submitted it through the site.
linking or combining your information with other information we may receive from third parties to help better serve you.
3.
legal basis for the processing.
we will only process your personal information if we have one of the following legal bases to do so.
a.
the processing is necessary to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, such as tax reporting or regulatory requirements.
b.
we have obtained your prior consent for processing your personal information for a specific purpose, such as evaluating your job application.
c.
the processing is necessary for the legitimate interests of detect, which are not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
4.
duration of processing of personal data.
a.
when detect is processing your personal information pursuant to any of the legal bases set out in section 3 above, detect will store your personal information only for as long as is required to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected.
however, if legal basis.
b.
(consent) applies, detect will stop processing your personal information upon notification of your withdrawal of consent for such processing.
however, where detect is required by law to retain your personal information longer or where your personal information is required for detect to assert or defend against legal claims, deect will retain your personal information until the end of the relevant retention period or until the claims in question have been settled.
5.
sharing and disclosure of information.
detect does not rent or sell your personal information.
detect does not share your personal information with third parties other than agents, contractors, and service providers who support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep your personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes of providing services to us.
however, we may disclose personal information if we believe it is necessary or appropriate under applicable law (i) to comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request, (ii) to enforce or apply our terms of use or any other agreements concerning our site or (iii) to protect and defend the rights or property of detect.
detect may transfer your information to a buyer or other successor in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other disposition of all or any portion of detect’s assets.
6.
what are your rights and how can you exercise them.
you may opt out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails.
if you opt out of receiving promotional emails, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about our ongoing business relations (if any).
you have a right to access and to obtain a copy of your personal information processed by detect.
if you believe that any of the personal information we hold about you is incorrect or incomplete, you may request that it be corrected.
you also have the right to.
object to the processing of your personal information.
request the erasure of your personal information.
request restriction of the processing of your personal information, and/or.
withdraw your consent where detect obtained your consent to process personal information.
we will honor such request, withdrawal or objection as required under applicable data protection rules, but you should bear in mind that these rights are not absolute.
they do not always apply and may be subject to exceptions.
to exercise your rights, you may send an email to if you are not satisfied with our response, you have the right to make a complaint to the data protection authority in the jurisdiction where you live or work.
7.
information security.
detect takes seriously the security of your personal information.
in order to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction, we implement technical and organizational measures that we consider appropriate in light of the state of the art, the costs of implementation, and the nature, scope, context, and purposes of processing as well as the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of natural persons.
however, you should be aware that we cannot ensure that your personal information will never be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed in ways not described in this privacy policy.
by way of example, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications.
8.
international transfers.
detect is headquartered in the indiaand has operations and service providers throughout the world.
as such, we and our service providers may transfer your personal information to, or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide levels of data protection equivalent to those in your home country.
whenever personal information is transferred out of india, the transfer is based on the standard contractual clauses or adherence to the privacy shield (when applicable for transfers to the united states).
regardless of where you live or where you provide information to us, you authorize detect to use your information worldwide and to export your information to the united states and other countries.
9.
children.
this site is not intended for or directed to persons under the age of 13.
any person who provides their information to detect through any part of the site represents to detect that they are 13 years of age or older.
11.
questions and concerns.
if you have any questions or concerns regarding the way we collect or handle your information, please contact us at our physical mailing address is.
detect technologies pvt ltd.
module 2a, block a, iit madras research park, kanagam road, taramani, chennai 600113.
we will take every privacy concern seriously and will assess it in a reasonably timely manner.
accelerate industrial transformation with detect technologies.
achieve complete industrial automation and maximize efficiency with industrial ai.
contact us.
company.
about us.
careers.
success stories.
explore.
asset integrity management.
industrial project management.
remote monitoring.
accelerated ai.
resources.
blog.
newsroom.
videos.
