symptoms.
solutions.
the science.
the flash.
who we are.
login.
get started.
privacy policy.
alloy privacy policy.
last revised.
november 24, 2021.
at alloy your privacy is important to us.
our privacy policy describes the information we collect, how we collect information, and the reasons we collect information.
this privacy policy also describes the choices you have with the information we collect, including how you can manage, update, or request to delete information.
please take a moment to review this privacy policy.
you may scroll through this privacy policy or use the headings below.
it is important that you understand this privacy policy.
by using our website and/or services, you are agreeing to the terms of this privacy policy.
if you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, you may contact us at any time.
table of contents.
insert.
who is alloy.
alloy’s purpose driven mission is to provide a holistic solution to help women age healthfully.
alloy helps women age healthfully by providing access to health care professionals, education, and a community of women navigating through life’s natural processes.
we are alloy.
alloy is not a medical group or a health care provider.
alloy provides its users with the ability to obtain a telemedicine consultation provided by independent medical practitioners including, but not limited to, mdi health technologies ltd.
(“mdi health”), an independent medical group with a network of united states based health care providers (each, a “provider”).
mdi health (or your own medical provider if you do not use a mdi health provider) is responsible for providing you with a notice of privacy practices describing its collection and use of your health information, not alloy.
key terms & definitions and our privacy policy.
it is helpful to start by explaining some of our key terms and definitions used in this privacy policy.
when does our privacy policy apply.
this privacy policy describes the types of information we may collect from you when.
you visit or use our website.
we communicate in e-mail, text message, and other electronic messages between you and us.
and.
we communicate in person, such as on the phone or through a telehealth visit.
when does our privacy policy not apply.
this privacy policy does not apply to information collected by any other website operated either by us or by a third party, unless the website is listed above or links to this privacy policy.
it also does not apply to any website, including websites owned and operated by third parties, that we may provide a link to or that is accessible from our services.
our privacy policy and terms of service.
this privacy policy is incorporated into our terms of service, which also apply when you use our services.
personal information.
what is personal information.
personal information is information from and about you that may be able to personally identify you.
we treat any information that may identify you as personal information.
for example, your name and e-mail address are personal information.
what types of personal information do we collect.
we may collect and use the following personal information (hereinafter, collectively referred to as “personal information”).
how do we collect your personal information.
we collect most of this personal information directly from you.
for example, when we speak to you by phone, text message, and e-mail.
additionally, we will collect information from you when you visit our website and fill out forms, or purchase our services.
we may also collect personal information in the following ways.
from third parties.
we may collect personal information from our business partners and service providers, including providers and any requisite pharmacy providers.
when you use a premium feature.
when you choose to participate in a premium service, we collect additional information from you related to those services.
some premium features are paid services.
when you make payments through the service.
we do not collect or store financial account information, though we may receive transaction identifiers and summary information that does not include credit card or bank account numbers.
we use stripe as our payment processor.
you can review their privacy practice here.
.
when you contact us.
when you contact alloy directly, such as when you contact our customer support team, we will receive the contents of your message or any attachments you may send to us, as well as any additional information you choose to provide.
we will also collect information automatically as you navigate through our website.
we use the following technologies to automatically collect data.
cookies.
we and our service providers may use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our services through your computer or mobile device.
a “cookie” is a small file or piece of data sent from a website and stored on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device.
some of the cookies we use are "session" cookies, meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive after you close your browser at the end of your session.
session cookies are used to optimize performance of the website and to limit the amount of redundant data that is downloaded during a single session.
we also may use "persistent" cookies, which remain on your computer or device unless deleted by you (or by your browser settings).
we may use persistent cookies for various purposes, such as statistical analysis of performance to ensure the ongoing quality of our services.
we and third parties may use session and persistent cookies for analytics and advertising purposes, as described herein.
on your computer, you may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser, and you may have similar capabilities on your mobile device in the preferences for your operating system or browser.
however, if you select this setting you may be unable to access or use certain parts of our services.
unless you have adjusted your browser or operating system setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our website.
google analytics.
we use google analytics, a web analytics service provided by google, inc.
(“google”) to collect certain information relating to your use of our website.
google analytics uses cookies, to help our website analyze how users use the site.
you can find out more about how google uses data when you visit our website by visiting “how google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps”, (located at  for more information, please visit google and pages that describe google analytics, such as  you can also opt out of use by google analytics by following the instructions available at .
facebook pixel.
we use facebook pixel, a web analytics and advertising service provided by facebook inc.
(“facebook”) on our website.
with its help, we and our customers can keep track of what users do after they see or click on a facebook or instagram advertisement, keep track of users who access our website or advertisements from different devices, and better provide advertisements to our target audiences.
the data from facebook pixel is also saved and processed by facebook.
facebook can connect this data with your facebook or instagram account and use it for its own and others advertising purposes, in accordance with facebook’s data policy which can be found at  please click here if you would like to withdraw your consent for use of your data with facebook pixel .
how do we use your personal information.
we may use your personal information for the following purposes.
operate, maintain, supervise, administer, and enhance our website, including monitoring and analyzing the effectiveness of content on the services, aggregate site usage data, and other usage of the services such as assisting you in completing the registration process.
provide our products and services to you, in a custom and user-friendly way.
provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us or that may be of interest to you.
promote and market our services to you.
for example, we may use your personal information, such as your e-mail address, to send you news and newsletters, special offers, and promotions, or to otherwise contact you about products or information we think may interest you.
we also may use the information that we learn about you to assist us in advertising our services on third party websites.
you can opt-out of receiving these e-mails at any time as described below.
to provide you notices about your account.
contact you in response to a request.
to notify you about changes to our services or any products or services we offer or provide through them.
fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
anonymize and aggregate information for analytics and reporting.
to respond to law enforcement requests, court orders, and subpoenas and to carry out our legal and contractual obligations.
authenticate use, detect fraudulent use, and otherwise maintain the security of our website and the safety of others.
to administer surveys and questionnaires.
to provide you information about goods and services that may be of interest to you, including through newsletters.
any other purpose with your consent.
how do we share your personal information.
we may share personal information with third parties in certain circumstances or for certain purposes, including.
our business purposes.
we may share your personal information with our affiliates, vendors, service providers, and business partners, including our data hosting and data storage partners, analytics and advertising providers, technology services and support, and data security advisors.
we may also share your personal information with professional advisors, such as auditors, law firms, and accounting firms.
your healthcare providers or family.
with your consent, we may share your information, including information collected from your use of our website, with your health care providers and/or family members (e.
g.
, immediate family or friends) that you designate to receive your information.
with your consent.
we may share your personal information if you request or direct us to do so.
compliance with law.
we may share your personal information to comply with applicable law or any obligations thereunder, including cooperation with law enforcement, judicial orders, and regulatory inquiries.
business transfer.
we may share your personal information to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of a bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our users are among the assets transferred.
to enforce our rights.
we may share your personal information to enforce any applicable terms and conditions and terms of use, and to ensure the safety and security of our services and our users.
de-identified information.
we may also disclose de-identified information, so that it cannot be reasonably used to identify any individual, with third parties for marketing, advertising, research, or similar purposes.
for example, we may share information such as your gender, height, weight, information about medications you have provided, and data from your connected devices, but we will not share your name or other information that could identify you.
to market our products and services.
we may share your personal information with affiliates and third parties to market our products and services.
third party analytics.
we use google analytics to understand and evaluate how visitors interact with our services.
these tools help us improve our services, performance, and your experience.
for more information related to these third-party analytics providers please review how do we collect your personal information.
your choices about how we share your personal information.
this section of our privacy policy provides details and explains how to exercise your choices.
we offer you choices on how you can opt out of our use of tracking technology, disclosure of your personal information for our advertising to you, and other targeted advertising.
we do not control the collection and use of your information collected by third parties.
these third parties may aggregate the information they collect with information from their other customers for their own purposes.
you can opt out of third parties collecting your personal information for targeted advertising purposes in the united states by visiting the national advertising initiative's (nai) opt-out page and the digital advertising alliance's (daa) opt-out page.
each type of web browser provides ways to restrict and delete cookies.
browser manufacturers provide resources to help you with managing cookies.
please see below for more information.
google chrome.
internet explorer.
mozilla firefox.
safari (desktop).
safari (mobile).
android browser.
opera.
opera mobile.
for other browsers, please consult the documentation that your browser manufacturer provides.
if you do not wish to have your e-mail address used by alloy to promote our own products and services, you can opt-out at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any e-mail or other marketing communications you receive from us or logging onto your account preferences page.
this opt out does not apply to information provided to alloy as a result of a product purchase, or your use of our services.
you may have other options with respect to marketing and communication preferences through our services.
you may also see certain ads on other websites because we participate in advertising networks.
ad networks allow us to target our messaging to users through demographic, interest-based, and contextual means.
these networks track your online activities over time by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of cookies, web server logs, and web beacons.
the networks use this information to show you advertisements that may be tailored to your individual interests.
how do i access and correct my personal information.
you can review and change your personal information by logging into our services and visiting the account preferences section of our services.
you may also notify us through the contact information below of any changes or errors in any personal information we have about you to ensure that it is complete, accurate, and as current as possible or to delete your account.
we cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your account with us.
we may also not be able to accommodate your request if we believe it would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
who may use the services.
this privacy policy applies to all personal uses of our services globally and you should not use the services if you do not agree to the privacy policy.
by using the services, you agree that your personal information, including any information about your health that you provide directly to us or that we collect through your use of the services, may be transferred to and stored in the united states.
children’s privacy.
our services are not intended for children under 18 years of age.
we do not knowingly collect or sell personal information from children under the age of 18.
if you are under the age of 18, do not use or provide any information on or in these services or through any of its features.
if we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under the age of 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete it.
if you are the parent or guardian of a child under 18 years of age whom you believe might have provided use with their personal information, you may contact us to request the personal information be deleted.
does alloy respond to do not track signals.
some web browsers have a “do not track” feature.
this feature lets you tell websites you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked.
these features are not yet uniform across browsers.
our website is not currently set up to respond to those signals.
data security.
we have taken steps and implemented administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed to protect against the risk of accidental, intentional, unlawful, or unauthorized access, alteration, destruction, disclosure, or use.
the internet is not 100% secure and we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted through the internet.
where you have been given or you have chosen a password, it is your responsibility to keep this password confidential.
the sharing and disclosing of information via the internet is not completely secure.
we strive to use best practices and industry standard security measures and tools to protect your data.
however, we cannot guarantee the security of personal information transmitted to, on, or through our services.
any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
we are not responsible for the circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on our website, in your operating system, or mobile device.
california’s shine the light law.
california civil code section 1798.
83 (california’s “shine the light” law) permits users of our services that are california residents and who provide personal information in obtaining products and services for personal, family, or household use to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes.
if applicable, this information would include the categories of personal information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared your personal information with for the immediately prior calendar year (e.
g.
requests made in 2021 will receive information regarding such activities in 2020).
you may request this information once per calendar year.
to make such a request, please contact us using the information below.
changes to our privacy policy.
we may update our privacy policy periodically to reflect changes in our privacy practices, laws, and best practices.
we will post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on our website’s homepage or our app’s home screen.
if we make material changes to our practices with regards to the personal information we collect from you, we will notify you by e-mail to the e-mail address specified in your account and/or through a notice on the website’s home page or the app’s home screen.
the date this privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
you are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically accessing the app or visiting our website and reviewing this privacy policy to check for any changes.
contact us.
if you have any questions, concerns, complaints or suggestions regarding our privacy policy or otherwise need to contact us, you may contact us at the contact information below or through the “contact us” page on or in our services.
how to contact us.
alloy health, inc.
31 bond street, 6th floor.
new york, ny 10012.
e-mail.
.
want the lowdown on menopause.
we got you.
sign up to receive the latest from alloy.
site map.
home.
symptoms.
who we are.
faq.
contact us.
shop.
solutions.
articles.
the flash.
© 2022 alloy, inc.
all rights reserved  |  privacy policy  |  terms & conditions.
