cart.
0 products.
men accessoriescapssocksshoesnutritionpantsshortstightstopsjacketscrewsshop all.
women accessoriescapssocksshoesnutritionshortstightstopsjacketscrewsshop all.
objects postersgeargift cardsbooksnutritionrecoveryshop all.
new arrivals.
shoes.
brands adidasarc'teryxasicscieleclifcorosdistancedistrict visionhoka one onejolie fouléekrcmaurtennew balancenikenike trailnordaoakleyonpatagoniapetzlpolarsalomonsatisfythe north faceveja.
journal 	portraits of runnerseditorialsdistance projectssegments series.
runs.
stores.
sales.
sign in.
fr / en.
new arrivals.
men            accessoriescapssocksshoesnutritionpantsshortstightstopsjacketscrews.
women            accessoriescapssocksshoesnutritionshortstightstopsjacketscrews.
objects            postersgeargift cardsbooksnutritionrecoverycrews.
brands            adidasarc'teryxasicscieleclifcorosdistancedistrict visionhoka one onejolie fouléekrcmaurtennew balancenikenike trailnordaoakleyonpatagoniapetzlpolarsalomonsatisfythe north faceveja.
journal            	portraits of runnerseditorialsdistance projectssegments series.
stores.
runs.
sales.
privacy policy.
1.
data collection.
we collect data when you enroll on our site, when you go on your account, make a purchase,.
participate in a contest and/or when you disconnect.
the collected data includes your name,  the corporation’s name,  your email address, telephone number, your corporation’s postal address.
moreover, we receive and automatically register the data from your computer and browser, including your ip address, your software  and your material and the page which you have requested.
2.
use of data.
all data we collect from you can be used to.
personalize your experience and respond to your personal needs.
furnish personalized advertising content.
improve our website.
improve client service and handling your needs.
contact you by email.
run a contest, a sales campaign or a survey.
3.
online privacy agreement.
we are the sole owners of the data collected on this site.
your personal information will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to another.
company for any reason without your consent,.
other than that which is necessary to reply to a.
request and/or to carry out a transaction, for example to send an order.
4.
data disclosure to a third party.
we do not sell, exchange, nor transfer personal.
identifiable information to third parties.
this does not include trusted third parties which assist us in using our website or in carrying out our activities,.
insofar as those parties agree to keep the information confidential.
we believe that it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, warn or take measures regarding illegal activities, presumed fraud, situations potentially threatening the physical safety of any person, violations of our customary use, or when the law restricts us.
nevertheless, non-private data can be furnished to others for marketing, advertising or other uses.
5.
data protection.
we implement various security measures to safeguard your personal data.
we use the latest.
technology in encryption to  protect sensitive data.
when transmitting it online.
we also protect your data offline.
only employees who are authorized to carry out a specific task (for example, in billing or in client service) have access to personal identifiable data.
the computers and software used to stock personal identifiable data are kept in a secure place.
do we use cookies .
yes.
our cookies improve access to our site and identify regular visitors.
also, our cookies improve the user’s experience due to updating and targeting the user’s interests.
however, this use of cookies is not linked to personal identifiable data on our site.
6.
to cancel your subscription.
we use the email address you have furnished to send you data and updates concerning your order,.
occasional news about our company, product information, etc.
if at any time you wish to cancel.
your subscription and to no longer receive our emails, detailed instructions are included at the end of each email.
7.
agreement.
in using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
stores.
lyon.
13 rue cavenne                            69007 lyon.
tue-fri                            12.
00 - 19.
00.
sat                            10.
00 - 18.
00.
paris.
14 rue des filles du calvaire                            75003 paris.
tue-sat                            11.
00 - 19.
00.
sunday                                                    14.
00 - 19.
00.
contact.
+33 4 72 94 52 99.
customer service.
social.
newsletter.
there isn't enough product in stock.
payment in progress, please do not refresh this page.
