login.
support.
solutionsauthor & publishcloud libraryparts storefrontfor aftermarket sales & supportfor engineersfor technical publisherssubscriptionsby featureauthor & publishcloud libraryparts storefrontby industrymanufacturing  agriculture  construction  industrial  miningasset intensive  transitby rolefor aftermarket sales & supportfor engineersfor technical publishersby journey stagesubscription plans  getting started  grow & develop  optimize & expand.
author & publish.
cloud library.
parts storefront.
for aftermarket sales & support.
for engineers.
for technical publishers.
subscriptions.
by feature.
by industry.
manufacturing.
agriculture.
construction.
industrial.
mining.
asset intensive.
transit.
by role.
for aftermarket sales & support.
for engineers.
for technical publishers.
by journey stage.
subscription plans.
getting started.
grow & develop.
optimize & expand.
servicescustomer successprofessional servicesour approachpartner programcustomer successonboardinguser adoptiongrowth & optimizationconsulting & supportprofessional servicesimplementationproduct trainingintegrationsdata migrationscontent creationautomation supportcustom enhancementssingle sign-on (sso)custom exporterswe're here to help you succeed.
we're transformation experts in parts management, authoring, publishing, and distribution.
let's talk.
delivery approachpartner programtalk to an expert.
customer success.
professional services.
our approach.
partner program.
customer success.
onboarding.
user adoption.
growth & optimization.
consulting & support.
professional services.
implementation.
product training.
integrations.
data migrations.
content creation.
automation support.
custom enhancements.
single sign-on (sso).
custom exporters.
we're here to help you succeed.
we're transformation experts in parts management, authoring, publishing, and distribution.
let's talk.
resourcesblogcase studiesdata sheetswhite papersvideosfaqsreadblogcase studiesdata sheetswhite paperswatchvideoslearnknowledgebase  training  partner programfaqs2022 solution brochure.
blog.
case studies.
data sheets.
white papers.
videos.
faqs.
read.
blog.
case studies.
data sheets.
white papers.
watch.
videos.
learn.
knowledgebase.
training.
partner program.
faqs.
2022 solution brochure.
aboutwhy documoto.
company overviewcareersin the newsmedia centercontact usunlock your aftermarket service potential with a content ecosystem.
transform your content, empower your team, and increase sales revenue.
why documoto.
about documotocompany overview  leadership teamcareersin the newsmedia centerconnect with uscontact usrequest a (303) 957-2822.
why documoto.
company overview.
careers.
in the news.
media center.
contact us.
unlock your aftermarket service potential with a content ecosystem.
transform your content, empower your team, and increase sales revenue.
about documoto.
company overview.
leadership team.
careers.
in the news.
media center.
connect with us.
request a demo.
privacy policy.
helpful links.
privacy policy.
wasa.
hosting agreement.
support agreement.
documoto privacy policy.
last updated.
april 25, 2022.
at documoto, we take your privacy seriously.
this policy describes how we collect, use, process, and disclose personally identifiable information that we gather about you.
this information comes from our primary website  and other sites we use from time to time such as support.
documoto.
com (“websites”).
from usage of the documoto web application and software through web browsers, apis, and the documobile application (“services”).
and from your interactions with documoto personnel through phone calls, emails, and other methods.
this policy also outlines your rights and choices with regard to the information collected about you.
this policy applies to all visitors to our website, to all users of our services, whether or not you are a paying customer, and to all other individuals that have interactions with documoto, inc.
when you use our services, access our websites, or contact documoto personnel, you are accepting the terms, conditions and practices within this policy.
for eu residents, this policy is intended to comply with the eu general data protection regulation (“gdpr”).
if you have any questions about this policy, please contact us at .
information we collect about you.
we receive information about you that may be personally identifiable, such as your name and email address, and other information that does not identify you.
this policy is intended to cover information about you that could be considered personally identifiable information.
or could be utilized to connect you to personally identifiable information.
personally identifiable information is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable person.
content.
our services are used by customers and their designated users to create, distribute, and share information (“content”) from a variety of sources.
while principally technical in nature, this content may include personal information about you, obtained by our customers or provided by you through provisioning the services, through services features such as comments, transactional activities such as shopping cart and order submittals, and other means.
all content, including your login information under the customer’s account, is owned by our customers, and documoto has no control over this content.
as a provider of the services, acting under the direction of our customers, documoto is acting in the role of a “processor” (as defined by the gdpr) for all content managed by the services.
accordingly, the customer’s privacy policy, not this privacy policy, applies to information of which we are a processor.
other information.
documoto collects data about you through your interactions with our websites, through your interactions with our services, and through your interactions with documoto personnel.
we also collect information about you from third-party sources that extend or enrich information that you have provided.
information you provide.
when you interact with our websites, you may volunteer information such as name, email address, and other personally identifiable information.
you may also provide information through your use of the services, such as updating your profile or adding an email address.
during interactions with documoto personnel, you may provide any type of information to documoto at your discretion.
if you transact business with us, you may be asked to provide further information such as billing address, credit card number, or other financial information.
however, aside from financial information required to transact business, we do not request sensitive information from you.
if you attend events such as webinars, whether directly through documoto or via a documoto partner, you may provide personal data such as your name, email, and phone number.
information others may provide.
our customers, through their interaction with the services, may provide us with information on you that they require for your use of the services or that is needed to provision your account.
in many instances, we act as a data processor (e.
g.
, service provider) for such customers, and as such, will use this information only on behalf of and in accordance with the instructions of such customers.
you should refer to the privacy policies of these customers to obtain more information about how your personal data is handled and should direct any related questions or concerns to such customers.
information from other sources.
we may obtain other information about you, including personal and non-personal information, from publicly available sources, or from third parties that provide data enrichment services.
we use these sources to obtain additional information about you such as your address and location, your employer, and other demographic data.
information from tracking technologies.
our websites and services may use several technologies to enable you to navigate the websites and services, as well as to collect information about you, your browser, your computer, and how you are interacting with us.
our services and websites use essential cookies.
these cookies are essential to enable you to navigate our websites and services and use the features, such as accessing secure areas.
without these cookies, we cannot provide the services you have requested.
if any of our services use other types of cookies, you will be notified of the usage of such cookies before you access the services.
with regard to our websites only, we may use analytics cookies.
analytics cookies allow us to understand more about how many visitors we have to our websites, how many times they visit us and how many times a user viewed specific pages within our websites.
we use google analytics.
for more information about google analytics, please refer to “how google uses information from sites or apps that use our services”, which can be found at  or any other url google may provide from time to time.
internet information.
we may use standard internet techniques to collect technical and implicit information about you, such as your ip address, your ip country and location, date/time stamps, referring url, and other information.
website monitoring.
our websites may also use technologies to monitor your interactive session, such as tracking the time you spend on various pages, your mouse movements, and your overall navigation through the websites.
beacons.
emails sent to you by the websites may contain standard technologies such as web beacons to track your reading of the email and your navigation through any of the links within the email.
this tracking enables us to understand the usefulness and effectiveness of these emails and associated campaigns and activities.
our websites and services are intended to be used by adults only.
we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13.
where we store information about you.
our principal data center is located in the united states.
information may also be sent to servers in other countries around the world.
how we use and share your information.
our usage of your information is based in different contexts upon your consent, our need to perform a contract, our obligations under law, and/or our legitimate interest in conducting our business, which are not overridden by your interests and fundamental rights.
we use your information within documoto for the following purposes.
to provide you with access to the services and the functionality contained within them.
to personalize your experience with the services and websites.
to assist our customers where they are providing support to you.
to perform normal business operations such as billing, order fulfillment, legal, and administration.
to notify you regarding the status of the services and websites.
to provide you with support and incident assistance on the services and websites.
to communicate with you by phone, email, postal mail, or other means such as social media and text messages.
to help us with our marketing and sales efforts.
to email tailored sales and marketing information to you, if you have not opted out of these communications.
to compile analytics and statistics on your use of our services and websites so that we can better understand how they are used and how we might improve them.
to detect, resolve, and prevent inappropriate, unauthorized or illegal activity, to preserve your or our rights, or to ensure compliance with our terms of use or this policy.
how we share your information.
all of the information we collect about you is used only for documoto purposes.
we do not share information with others except as detailed below, and we do not sell your information to third parties.
however, we may ask if you would like us to share your information with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this policy.
authorized service providers.
we may share information with third party service providers where it is required to perform a business activity, such as processing a credit card, delivering an email, supporting our websites and services, or other functions.
we share only the information needed to perform the business activity, and the service provider is not permitted to use your personal information for any other purpose.
legal authorities.
we may share your information with legal authorities, without your consent, in response to a lawful demand.
this could include, for example, subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, compliance with relevant laws, or be in connection with any legal process.
mergers and acquisitions.
if another company acquires, or plans to acquire, our company, business, or our assets, we will also share information with that company, including at the negotiation stage.
how we protect your information.
we utilize a variety of controls and procedures to prevent unauthorized use and disclosure of your personal information.
our websites and services have appropriate hardware and software restrictions that limit access.
we grant access to employees only to the minimum extent needed to conduct their job responsibilities.
your information security is a shared responsibility between you and your partner companies, including documoto.
no system can ever be perfectly secure, and while we have undertaken many actions to secure your information, we cannot promise that your information will always remain secure.
please always take care to protect your personal information, avoid unsecure mechanisms such as email when communicating personal information, and notify us immediately at if you suspect any unauthorized access or compromise of your personal information.
in the event that we are required by law to inform you of a breach to your personal information, we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.
in some cases, your information may be stored and managed by third party solution providers such as google or hubspot, which are not covered under this policy.
as a multi-national company, we transmit information between and among our affiliates.
as a result, your information may be processed in a foreign country where privacy laws may be less stringent than the laws in your country.
nonetheless, where possible we take steps to treat personal information using the same privacy principles that apply pursuant to the law of the country in which we first received your information.
documoto uses standard contractual clauses to legally transfer data out of the eu.
by submitting your personal information to us you agree to the transfer, storage and processing of your information in a country other than your country of residence including, but not necessarily limited to, the united states.
if you would like more information concerning our attempts to apply the privacy principles applicable in one jurisdiction to data when it goes to another jurisdiction you can contact us using the contact information below.
how you can manage your information.
if you have concerns regarding personal or sensitive information that may be contained within content, or you would like to review, modify, or delete content, please notify the appropriate documoto customer directly.
we can assist you with finding and contacting the customer.
you may request that your data be provided to you in an accessible format so that you may use your data for your own purposes.
importantly, it may not always be possible to honor all deletion requests because in many situations we must keep your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, or for another one of our business purposes.
you can utilize features within your web browser to restrict or prevent the use of cookies.
if you do so, your ability to utilize the websites and services may be substantially limited.
you may opt out of sales and marketing emails by following the instructions in any email that is sent to you, or contact documoto at we may still send you important transactional, event, or administration emails to you, even if you have opted out of sales and marketing emails.
if you would like to review, modify, or delete any of your personal information, please email or file a ticket at support.
documoto.
com.
typically, we retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
again, you may request that your data be provided to you in an accessible format so that you may use your data for your own purposes.
it may not always be possible to honor all deletion requests because in many situations we must keep your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, or for another one of our business purposes.
if you would like to object to our use or disclosure of your personal information, please email or file a ticket at support.
documoto.
com.
if you are not satisfied with our response, and are in the european union, you may have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority.
how we update this policy.
we may update this policy from time to time to reflect changes to our practices or to ensure compliance with legal frameworks.
for significant and material changes, we will attempt to notify you by email using the address in your account, and/or we will post the notice through the websites and/or services prior to the change taking effect.
to the extent that our policy changes in a material way, the policy that was in place at the time that you submitted personal information to us will generally govern that information unless we receive your consent to the new privacy policy.
we will note the effective date of the latest version at the beginning of the privacy policy.
unlock your aftermarket service potential with a content hub.
let’s talk about how we can help you transform your content, empower your team, and increase online sales revenue.
request a demo.
complete the form below and we will reach out to coordinate a customized demo.
solutions.
author & publish.
cloud library.
parts storefront.
for sales & support.
for engineers.
for technical publishers.
subscriptions.
industries.
manufacturing.
agriculture.
construction.
industrial.
mining.
asset intensive.
transit.
services.
customer success.
professional services.
delivery approach.
partner program.
wasa directory.
resources.
blog.
data sheets.
case studies.
white papers.
videos.
support.
dm login.
knowledgebase.
faqs.
company.
about us.
leadership.
careers.
in the news.
media center.
dogumoto.
contact.
contact us.
request a demo.
303.
957.
2822.
© 2022 documoto.
all rights reserved.
privacy policy.
