home.
servicesweb designwebsite developmentdigital marketingsearch engine optimisationsocial media optimisationgoogle adwordsemail marketingguest post serviceslocal seo servicesremarketingmarketing automationbusiness process automationrobotic process automatione-commercevideo & animationhubspot marketing.
web design.
website development.
digital marketingsearch engine optimisationsocial media optimisationgoogle adwordsemail marketingguest post serviceslocal seo servicesremarketing.
search engine optimisation.
social media optimisation.
google adwords.
email marketing.
guest post services.
local seo services.
remarketing.
marketing automationbusiness process automationrobotic process automation.
business process automation.
robotic process automation.
e-commerce.
video & animation.
hubspot marketing.
about usour approachour business.
our approach.
our business.
case studies.
contact us.
let’s talk.
privacy policy.
dq australia (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates  (the “site”).
this page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of the site.
we are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
by using the site, you agree to the collection and use of information by this policy.
what we collect.
i may collect the following information.
name.
email address.
other information relevant to our services or offers.
information collection and use.
while using our site, we may ask you to provide us with certain, personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you.
personally, identifiable information may include but is not limited to your name, email or telephone number.
(“personal information”).
log data.
like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our site (“log data”).
this log data may include information such as your computer’s internet protocol (“ip”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
cookies.
cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include a unique anonymous identifier.
cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information.
you can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
however, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our site.
security.
the security of your personal information is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
changes to this privacy policy.
dq australia may update this privacy policy from time to time.
we will notify you of any changes by posting the new privacy policy on the site.
you are advised to review this privacy policy periodically for any changes.
contact now to unleash your digital exposure.
get in touch.
+61 8 6117 0920.
197 adelaide terrace, perth wa 6004, australia.
© digital quotient australia 2020 | all rights reserved.
privacy policy.
case studies.
blog.
