edgeworx solutions inc.
our teamcareerspartnerssharing.
our team.
careers.
partners.
sharing.
clientsclient testimonialsmunicipal solutions.
clients.
client testimonials.
municipal solutions.
solutionssecuritymonitoringcloud enablementsd-wanconsultingstaffing.
solutions.
security.
monitoring.
cloud enablement.
sd-wan.
consulting.
staffing.
blogpodcast.
blog.
podcast.
more.
more.
privacy policy.
effective date.
march 25, 2020.
​.
we receive, collect and store any information you enter on our website or provide us in any other way.
in addition, we collect the internet protocol (ip) address used to connect your computer to the internet.
login.
e-mail address.
password.
computer and connection information and purchase history.
we may use software tools to measure and collect session information, including page response times, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information, and methods used to browse away from the page.
we also collect personally identifiable information (including name, email, communications).
comments, feedback, product reviews, recommendations, and personal profile in order to be able to respond to individual inquiries or make necessary updates to our services provided.
​.
how do you collect information.
when you conduct a transaction on our website, as part of the process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address in order to respond to your inquiry.
your personal information will be used for the specific reasons stated above only.
​.
why do you collect such personal information.
we collect such non-personal and personal information for the following purposes.
to provide and operate the services.
to provide and operate the services.
to provide our users with ongoing customer assistance and technical support.
to provide our users with ongoing customer assistance and technical support.
to be able to contact our visitors and users with general or personalized service-related notices and promotional messages.
to be able to contact our visitors and users with general or personalized service-related notices and promotional messages.
to create aggregated statistical data and other aggregated and/or inferred non-personal information, which we or our business partners may use to provide and improve our respective services.
to create aggregated statistical data and other aggregated and/or inferred non-personal information, which we or our business partners may use to provide and improve our respective services.
to comply with any applicable laws and regulations.
to comply with any applicable laws and regulations.
how do you store, use, share and disclose your site visitors' personal information.
our company is hosted on the wix.
com platform.
wix.
com provides us with an online platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
any data that you elect to enter on our website may be stored through wix.
com’s data storage, databases and the general wix.
com applications.
they store your data on secure servers behind a firewall.
how and why do you communicate with your site visitors.
we may contact you to notify you regarding your account, to troubleshoot problems with your account, to resolve a dispute, to collect fees or monies owed, to poll your opinions through surveys or questionnaires, to send updates about our company, or as otherwise necessary to contact you to enforce our user agreement, applicable national laws, and any agreement we may have with you.
for these purposes, we may contact you via email, telephone, text messages, and postal mail.
how do you use cookies and other tracking tools.
edgeworx solutions inc website tracks personal information through the use of cookies, please read our website cookie policy for details.
how can your site visitors withdraw their consent.
if you don’t want us to respond to your inquiry or process your data anymore, please contact us  or send us a mail to 36 blue jays way, suite 1102 toronto, on m5v 3t3 attn.
contact center.
​.
privacy policy updates.
we reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently.
changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website.
if we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
questions and your contact information.
​.
if you would like to.
access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, you are invited to contact us or send us mail to 36 blue jays way, suite 1102 toronto, on m5v 3t3 attn.
contact center.
contacting us.
find us.
36 blue jays way, suite 1102, toronto, on m5v 3t3.
call us.
647-793-4731.
800-410-0490.
privacy | terms and conditions.
© 2011-2022 edgeworx solution inc.
all rights reserved.
edgeworx solutions inc.
and the logo are registered trade-marks.
