home.
about                            eltan company profile                            news and events                            industry contacts                            careers                            legal notices                            privacy policy.
eltan company profile.
news and events.
industry contacts.
careers.
legal notices.
privacy policy.
services                            product development                            phoenix bios                            coreboot                            bootloader                            hardware development                            device drivers                            operating systems                            outsourcing.
product development.
phoenix bios.
coreboot.
bootloader.
hardware development.
device drivers.
operating systems.
outsourcing.
products                            phoenix bios                            coreboot                            bootloader                            sd boot                            file system filter library                            internet of things                            security                            development tools                            manufacturing tools                            spi flash tools                            flash programmers.
phoenix bios.
coreboot.
bootloader.
sd boot.
file system filter library.
internet of things.
security.
development tools.
manufacturing tools.
spi flash tools.
flash programmers.
support                            amd                            intel.
amd.
intel.
downloads                            bootloader                            windows.
bootloader.
windows.
contact                            route                            contact.
route.
contact.
privacy policy.
privacy statement.
at eltan we consider your privacy important.
by visiting us, emailing us, or using our website you might leave personal information to further engage in a business relation with us.
eltan bv only keeps and use the personal data that is submitted directly by you or for which it is clear that it has been submitted for processing purposes.
eltan bv will store this information on our internal secure servers for future references and contacts with you.
we will not share this information with third parties, only upon your explicit request to do so.
eltan bv processes your personal data as permitted by and in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations such as the general data protection regulation (gdpr).
website and cookiesyou are visiting a website owned and operated by eltan bv.
in using the website owned and operated by eltan bv (the "website") the latter and/or third parties may collect information about your use of this and other websites, through the use of cookies.
a cookie is a small file downloaded onto your computer when you access pages of a website and it's stored by your browser on your computer's hard-drive.
the cookie enables your browser to be identified during repeated visits to a website.
the information collected by eltan bv and/or third parties through the use of cookies, can be used for analytical purposes.
analytics eltan bv furthermore uses the service of google analytics (the us-based company google that sets cookies on websites as part of its analytics service) in order to track, and receive reports on, how people use the website.
google may share this information with third parties if it is required to do so by law, or if third parties process the data on behalf of google.
note that this process is beyond eltan bv control.
the data relating to your device and browser which eltan bv collects on the website are the following.
your device's ip address (this is stored on an anonymized basis).
cookies deleting and rejecting cookiesyou can use your computer's browser settings to delete previously stored cookies and prevent new cookies from being stored.
the method used for storing cookies depends on the type of browser.
you can use your browser's help function if necessary.
rejecting and/or deleting cookies only has an effect on the computer and the browser on which you perform this act.
if you are using multiple computers and/or browsers, you must repeat the act(s) described above as often as necessary.
eltan bv has taken technical and organizational security measures.
all data that you provide us via the website is transmitted using secure socket layer (ssl) technology.
eltan bv takes measures to continuously and carefully protect the data it collects against loss, unauthorized disclosure and unlawful processing.
eltan bv constantly seeks to improve and update the measures applied.
eltan bv has an internal procedure for handling data leaks.
please email the eltan bv privacy officer when you want your data checked or deleted at.
this email address is being protected from spambots.
you need javascript enabled to view it.
contact eltan b.
v.
ambachtstraat 235481 sm schijndelnetherlandstel.
+31 (0)73-5944660e-mail.
this email address is being protected from spambots.
you need javascript enabled to view it.
kvk.
17104099.
