| contact us | support | partners |.
companyabout usteamnews & events.
about us.
team.
news & events.
products.
solutions.
partners.
blog.
resources.
enmotus privacy policy.
enmotus privacy policy.
effective 5.
14.
2018.
overview.
enmotus is committed to protecting your privacy.
this privacy policy governs our data collection, processing and usage practices.
by using the websites, you consent to the data practices described in this privacy policy.
if you do not agree with the data practices described in this privacy policy, you should not use the website.
we periodically update this privacy policy.
we encourage you to review this privacy policy periodically.
information we collect.
when you visit our website you are able to explore the website without providing any information about yourself.
we will collect personal identification information from users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us.
we may collect personal identification information from users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when users visit our site, register on the site, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our site.
users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, and phone number.
users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain site related activities.
there is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by us.
this information can include.
your ip address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses.
we also collect information from external third party events such as industry trade shows.
the information we collect is voluntarily provided, and you have the option of not allowing us to collect that information.
how we use personal information.
we only use the information we collect in compliance with our privacy policy.
we will never sell your information to a third party.
enmotus may collect and use users personal information for the following purposes.
to improve customer service.
information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
to personalize user experience.
we may use information in the aggregate to understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our site.
to improve our site.
we may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
to run a promotion, contest, survey or other site feature.
to send users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
to send periodic emails.
we may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
if user decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
if at any time the user would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
we may use the information to verify that you are within a geographic region that we serve, or for export control verification.
we may use the information to determine whether you are eligible to receive certain information that we release only on a selective basis, or that we consider confidential.
we adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our site.
enmotus contracts with third party companies for web, marketing and customer support functionality.
enmotus is responsible for collecting, correcting, updating tor deleting that information.
all of our third party partners are certified with the eu-u.
s.
privacy shield framework.
children.
enmotus does not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children under 13.
if you believe that we have collected information about a child under 13, please contact us so that we may delete the information.
navigational information.
this refers to information about your computer and your visits to this website such as your ip address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and pages viewed.
cookies.
we use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience.
a cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web server.
cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
one of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time.
the purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page.
you have the ability to accept or decline cookies.
most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the website.
enmotus keeps track of the website and pages you visit within enmotus, in order to determine what portion of the enmotus website is the most popular or most used.
use of credit card information.
if you give us credit card information, we use it solely to check your financial qualifications and collect payment from you.
we use a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing.
this service provider is not permitted to store, retain, or use information you provide except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on our behalf.
customer testimonials and comments.
we post customer testimonials and comments on our websites, which may contain personal information.
we obtain each customer's consent via email prior to posting the customer's name and testimonial.
third party websites.
our web site may contain links to other web sites of interest.
however, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other web site.
therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information, which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
you should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the web site in question.
blogs and forums.
we provide the capacity for users to post information in blogs and forums for sharing information in a public space on the website.
this information is publicly available to all users of these forums and visitors to our website.
we require registration to publish information, but given the public nature of both platforms, any personal information disclosed within these forums may be used to contact users by others with unsolicited messages.
we encourage users to be cautious in disclosure of personal information in public forums as enmotus is not responsible for the personal information users elect to disclose.
enmotus also supports third party widgets such as facebook and twitter buttons on the website that allow users to share articles and other information on different platforms.
these widgets may collect your ip address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the widgets to function properly.
these widgets do not collect or store any personal information from users on the website and simply act as a bridge for your convenience in sharing information.
your interactions with these widgets are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
opting out and unsubscribing.
reviewing, correcting and removing your personal information.
upon request enmotus will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information.
if you provide us with your personal information, you have the following rights with respect to that information.
to review the user information that you have supplied to us.
to request that we correct any errors, outdated information, or omissions in user information that you have supplied to us.
to request that your user information not be used to contact you.
to request that your user information be removed from any solicitation list that we use.
to request that your user information be deleted from our records.
to opt out of being solicited by enmotus or third parties.
to exercise any of these rights, please contact us  by sending us email us at or by sending us postal mail to the address below.
to unsubscribe from our communications.
you may unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of our e-mails, or by sending us email us at or by sending us postal mail to the address below.
contacting us.
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, please contact us at or send mail to.
enmotus, inc.
65 enterprise.
aliso viejo, ca  92656.
949-330-6220.
© copyright 2015 enmotus, inc.
all rights reserved.
privacy policy.
