epson us.
connect with usfacebooktwitterlinkedinyoutubeinstagram.
facebook.
twitter.
linkedin.
youtube.
instagram.
create an account.
sign in.
my account (log in/sign up)							my account (log in/sign up)																backlog insign up.
log in.
sign up.
for homebackfor homeprintersbackprintersprinters and all-in-onesecotank printersphoto printerssee all printersaccessoriesscannersbackscannersphoto scannersreceipt scannersdocument scannerssee all scannersaccessoriesprojectorsbackprojectorshome cinema projectorspro cinema projectorslaser projection tvstreaming entertainmentsee all projectorsaccessoriespaperbackpaperphoto paperpresentation paperprofessional imaging mediascrapbook & craft papercopy and printer papersee all paper.
for home.
printersbackprintersprinters and all-in-onesecotank printersphoto printerssee all printersaccessories.
printers.
printers and all-in-ones.
ecotank printers.
photo printers.
see all printers.
accessories.
scannersbackscannersphoto scannersreceipt scannersdocument scannerssee all scannersaccessories.
scanners.
photo scanners.
receipt scanners.
document scanners.
see all scanners.
accessories.
projectorsbackprojectorshome cinema projectorspro cinema projectorslaser projection tvstreaming entertainmentsee all projectorsaccessories.
projectors.
home cinema projectors.
pro cinema projectors.
laser projection tv.
streaming entertainment.
see all projectors.
accessories.
paperbackpaperphoto paperpresentation paperprofessional imaging mediascrapbook & craft papercopy and printer papersee all paper.
paper.
photo paper.
presentation paper.
professional imaging media.
scrapbook & craft paper.
copy and printer paper.
see all paper.
for workbackfor workprintersbackprintersprinters and all-in-onesoffice printers, copiers, & mfpssupertank printerslarge format printersphoto printerspos printersdot matrix printerslabel printers & pressessee all printersaccessoriesscannersbackscannersdocument scannersreceipt scannersphoto and graphic scannerscheck scannerssee all scannersaccessoriesprojectorsbackprojectorsportable projectorsclassroom projectorsmeeting room projectorslarge venue projectorsinteractive projectorsdigital signage projectorsdocument camerassee all projectorsaccessoriessmart glassesbackcheck & page scannerssee all point of sale productspoint of salebackpoint of salereceipt printersthermal label printersmultifunction check scannerskitchen display systemssolutions by industrysee all point of sale productsbackscara robots6-axis robotscontrollerssoftwaresee all robotssee all robotsrobotsbackrobotsscara robots6-axis robotscontrollersintegrated optionssoftwaresee all robotsaccessoriesmicrodevicesbackmicrodevicestiming devicessemiconductorsinertial sensorsprintheadspaperbackpaperphoto paperpresentation paperprofessional imaging medialabelscopy and printer papersee all paper.
for work.
printersbackprintersprinters and all-in-onesoffice printers, copiers, & mfpssupertank printerslarge format printersphoto printerspos printersdot matrix printerslabel printers & pressessee all printersaccessories.
printers.
printers and all-in-ones.
office printers, copiers, & mfps.
supertank printers.
large format printers.
photo printers.
pos printers.
dot matrix printers.
label printers & presses.
see all printers.
accessories.
scannersbackscannersdocument scannersreceipt scannersphoto and graphic scannerscheck scannerssee all scannersaccessories.
scanners.
document scanners.
receipt scanners.
photo and graphic scanners.
check scanners.
see all scanners.
accessories.
projectorsbackprojectorsportable projectorsclassroom projectorsmeeting room projectorslarge venue projectorsinteractive projectorsdigital signage projectorsdocument camerassee all projectorsaccessories.
projectors.
portable projectors.
classroom projectors.
meeting room projectors.
large venue projectors.
interactive projectors.
digital signage projectors.
document cameras.
see all projectors.
accessories.
smart glasses.
backcheck & page scannerssee all point of sale products.
check & page scanners.
see all point of sale products.
point of salebackpoint of salereceipt printersthermal label printersmultifunction check scannerskitchen display systemssolutions by industrysee all point of sale products.
point of sale.
receipt printers.
thermal label printers.
multifunction check scanners.
kitchen display systems.
solutions by industry.
see all point of sale products.
backscara robots6-axis robotscontrollerssoftwaresee all robotssee all robots.
scara robots.
6-axis robots.
controllers.
software.
see all robots.
see all robots.
robotsbackrobotsscara robots6-axis robotscontrollersintegrated optionssoftwaresee all robotsaccessories.
robots.
scara robots.
6-axis robots.
controllers.
integrated options.
software.
see all robots.
accessories.
microdevicesbackmicrodevicestiming devicessemiconductorsinertial sensors.
microdevices.
timing devices.
semiconductors.
inertial sensors.
printheads.
paperbackpaperphoto paperpresentation paperprofessional imaging medialabelscopy and printer papersee all paper.
paper.
photo paper.
presentation paper.
professional imaging media.
labels.
copy and printer paper.
see all paper.
ink finder.
supportbacksupportprintersscannersprojectorswearablespoint of salerobotsbackrobotscustomer serviceapplication supportsoftware updateshelp requeststrainingsee all robotsother productstools & resourcesbacktools & resourcestrack my orderregister your productbrighter futures product registrationactivate your service planwarranty verificationservice center locatoruser replaceable partsmobile printing and scanning solutionsvoice-activated printingprojection distance calculatorepson iprojection supportsafety data sheetsextended service planscertified refurbished.
support.
printers.
scanners.
projectors.
wearables.
point of sale.
robotsbackrobotscustomer serviceapplication supportsoftware updateshelp requeststrainingsee all robots.
robots.
customer service.
application support.
software updates.
help requests.
training.
see all robots.
other products.
tools & resourcesbacktools & resourcestrack my orderregister your productbrighter futures product registrationactivate your service planwarranty verificationservice center locatoruser replaceable partsmobile printing and scanning solutionsvoice-activated printingprojection distance calculatorepson iprojection supportsafety data sheets.
tools & resources.
track my order.
register your product.
brighter futures product registration.
activate your service plan.
warranty verification.
service center locator.
user replaceable parts.
mobile printing and scanning solutions.
voice-activated printing.
projection distance calculator.
epson iprojection support.
safety data sheets.
extended service plans.
certified refurbished.
about usbackabout usour purposeexceptional peopleengineered precisionenvironmental pursuitenduring partnershipscareersnewsroom.
about us.
our purpose.
exceptional people.
engineered precision.
environmental pursuit.
enduring partnerships.
careers.
newsroom.
search.
epson worldwide.
privacy policy.
introduction.
overview.
this       privacy policy ("privacy policy") applies only to epson america,       inc.
and epson canada, limited ("epson," "we",       "our" or "us") websites where this privacy policy is       posted (collectively, the "sites").
other interactive features       or downloads that are owned or controlled by epson and made available       through the sites or that interact with the sites and post or link to this       privacy policy, or offline locations that makes this privacy policy       available to you (collectively, the “service”).
this privacy policy is       designed to provide information about our privacy and data collection       practices both online and offline, such as the types of information we       collect regarding visitors to the sites.
this privacy policy does not       cover any information collected at any other website (unless specifically       stated on the website).
by using the site, service, or  interacting with us offline, you agree to the epson terms of use united states or terms of use canada (as applicable) and consent to our  collection, use and disclosure practices, and other activities as described in  this privacy policy.
please review this privacy  policy carefully.
if you have questions or concerns regarding this privacy  policy, or wish to exercise your rights and choices as  provided herein,  contact epson's privacy  coordinator by following the instructions as provided in the privacy policy, filling  out our online  privacy feedback form, or sending a letter to  epson america, inc.
, attn.
privacy coordinator, 3131 katella avenue, los alamitos, ca 90720.
california resident disclaimer.
if you are a  california resident, please see the “additional disclosures for california  residents” section.
information collection.
information you provide.
epson collects information about you when you use the  site, our service, or interact with us offline, including information you provide to epson when you  register an account, update your profile, access our content, make a purchase, participate in a  promotion, contact customer support, or apply for a job.
the  following are the categories of information we collect and have collected in  the last 12 months.
contact  data, including your first and last name, email  address, postal address, and phone number.
account  credentials, including your username, password, password  hints, and information for authentication and account access.
demographic  data, including your age, gender, marital status,  salary and country.
billing  data, including your payment instrument number (such as a credit or debit card  number), expiration date, and security code as necessary to process your  payments.
profile  data, including your interests, inferences, email  marketing settings, preferences and favorites.
content, including content within any messages you send to us (such as feedback and questions  to customer support) or publicly post on the service (such as in product  reviews or blog comments).
we also collect content within any messages you  exchange with other users through the service (such as if you use our chat  functionality), and we will never use or share such information for marketing  purposes.
device  data, including data about any device you register  with us, related product warranty information, and information relating to associated  claims.
information  about others, including your personal contacts’ that you  voluntarily  send information to regarding products or  content offered by the sites.
job  applicant data, including your employment and  education history, transcript, writing samples, and references as necessary to  consider your job application for open positions.
information you provide  may be requested and collected offline and at various locations and on various  forms on the service, including, but not limited to.
registration forms for newsletters  and other e-mail communications.
registration for membership to the service.
registration for participation in contests, sweepstakes, auctions, surveys or  other promotions that may be offered on the service.
when you submit an inquiry  via the service.
when you purchase a product from the service.
when you  register your product warranty information.
or when you communicate or  otherwise interact with us via the sites, our service, or otherwise.
for more information  with respect to the epson site and the ability to customize account settings,  please see the section entitled “epson store” below.
you may always elect not  to submit voluntary information, however, as a result, you may not be able to  access certain of the service's features and functionality.
information collected  automatically.
in addition, we  automatically collect information when you use the site or service.
the  following categories of information we automatically collect and have collected  in the last 12 months.
site/service       use data,       including data about features you use, pages you visit, emails and       advertisements you view, products and services you view and purchase, the       time of day you browse, and your referring and exiting pages.
device data, including       data about the type of device or browser you use, your device’s operating       software, printing patterns, ink usage, your internet service provider,       your device’s regional and language settings, and device identifiers such       as ip address.
location       data, including       imprecise location data (such as location derived from an ip address or       data that indicates a city or postal code level) and, with your consent,       precise location data (such as latitude/longitude data).
software       downloads, including information about your usage of products we       have sold to you after you download software.
we use various current –  and later – developed tracking technologies to automatically collect information when you use the  service, including the following.
log  files, which are files that record events that occur in  connection with your use of the sites and service.
cookies, which are small  data files stored on your device that act as a unique tag to identify your  browser.
we use two types of cookies.
session cookies and persistent cookies.
session cookies make it easier for you to navigate our website and expire when  you close your browser.
persistent cookies help with personalizing your  experience, remembering your preferences, and supporting security features.
additionally, persistent cookies allow us to bring you advertising both on and  off the service.
persistent cookies may remain on your device for extended  periods of time, and generally may be controlled through your browser settings.
to learn more about how we use cookies, please refer to our consent manager.
pixels (also known as web  beacons), which is code embedded  in a website, video, email, or advertisement that sends information about your  use to a server.
there are various types of pixels, including image pixels  (which are small graphic images) and javascript pixels (which contains  javascript code).
when you access a website, video, email, or advertisement  that contains a pixel, the pixel may permit us or a separate entity to drop or  read cookies on your browser.
pixels are used in combination  with cookies to track activity by a particular browser on a particular device.
we may incorporate pixels from separate entities that allow us track our  conversions, bring you advertising both on and off the service, and provide you  with additional functionality, such as the ability to connect our service with  your social media account.
app technologies, which       are technologies included in our apps that       are not browser-based like cookies and cannot be controlled by browser       settings.
for example, our apps may include sdks, which is code that sends information about your       use to a server.
these sdks allow us       track our conversions, bring you advertising both on and off the service,       and provide you with additional functionality, such as the ability to       connect our service with your social media account.
location-identifying  technologies, which are technologies used to collect your location.
for  example, gps, wifi, and bluetooth may be used  to collect precise location data when you consent to precise location tracking  through our apps.
location  data may be used for purposes such  as verifying your device’s location and delivering or restricting relevant  content and advertising based on that location.
for  further information on how we use tracking technologies for analytics and  advertising, and your rights and choices regarding them, see the “analytics and  advertising” and “your rights and choices” sections below.
information from other sources.
we also collect  information from other sources.
the following  categories are the types of sources we collect information from and have  collected from in the last 12 months.
data brokers or resellers from  which we purchase data to supplement the data we collect.
social networks when you  engage with our content, reference our service, or grant us permission to  access information from the social networks.
marketing partners that  offer co-branded services, sell or distribute our products, or engage in joint  marketing activities.
publicly-available sources,  including data in the public domain.
this privacy policy does  not cover any use of information that such party may have collected from you  (e.
g.
, type of browser, operating system, domain name, day and time of visit,  page(s) visited) or the methods used by the party to collect that information  (e.
g.
, cookies, web beacons and clear gifs).
use of information.
we  collect and use information for business and commercial purposes in accordance  with the practices  described in this privacy policy.
our business purposes for collecting and  using information,  including in the last 12 months, include to.
operate and manage our site and service,       including your registration and account.
perform services requested by       you, such as respond to your comments, questions, and requests, and       provide customer service.
sending you technical notices, updates,  security alerts, information regarding changes to our policies, and support and  administrative messages.
help you to track your ink usage and printing patterns.
preventing and addressing fraud,       breach of policies or terms, and threats or harm.
monitoring and       analysing trends, usage, and activities.
conducting research, including focus groups,  surveys and other forms of market research.
improving the service or other company  websites, apps, marketing efforts, products and services.
developing and sending you direct marketing,  including advertisements and communications about our and other entities’ products,  offers, promotions, rewards, events, and services.
conducting product promotions, including  verifying your eligibility and delivering prizes in connection with your  entries.
sending you advertising based on your interests as  reflected in your browsing of the sites and use of the service, and certain  third party sites participating in the same networks and exchanges.
fulfilling obligations associated       with employment such as hr tasks and payroll.
fulfilling any other business or       commercial purposes at your direction or with your notice and/or consent.
notwithstanding  the above, we may use information that does not identify you (including information  that has been aggregated or de-identified) for any purpose except as prohibited  by applicable law.
for information on your rights and choices regarding how we  use information about you, please see the “your rights and choices” section  below.
sharing of information.
we share information we collect in  accordance with the practices described in this privacy policy.
the types of entities to whom we disclose and have  shared information with in the last 12 months, include the following.
service  providers.
we share information with entities that process  information on our behalf for our business purposes.
service providers assist  us with services such  as payment processing, data analytics, marketing and advertising, website  hosting, and technical support.
vendors  and other parties.
we share information with vendors for business  and commercial purposes, including analytics and advertising technology  companies.
vendors may act as our service providers, or in certain contexts,  independently decide how to process your information.
for more information on  advertising and analytics, see the “analytics and advertising” section below.
affiliates.
we share  information with our related entities including our parent and sister companies  for business purposes such as customer support, marketing, and technical  operations.
we also may share information with affiliates for commercial  purposes.
customers.
we share  information with our customers in connection with us processing information on  their behalf.
for example, we share information with our customers in order to  facilitate your orders, maintain and administer your online accounts, respond  to your questions and comments, comply with your requests, market and advertise  to you, and otherwise comply with applicable law.
partners.
we share  information with our partners in connection with offering co-branded services,  selling or distributing our products, or engaging in joint marketing  activities.
for example, we share information with our retailer partners for  purposes of providing you with product support.
promotions.
when you  voluntarily enter a sweepstakes, contest, or other promotion, we share information  as set out in the official rules that govern the promotion as well as for  administrative purposes and as required by law (e.
g.
, on a winners list).
by  entering a promotion, you agree to the official rules that govern that  promotion, and may, except where prohibited by applicable law, allow the  sponsor and/or other entities to use your name, voice and/or likeness in  advertising or marketing materials.
public forums.
we share  information you make public through the service, such as information in your  profile or that you post on public boards.
please think carefully before making  information public as you are solely responsible for any information you make  public.
once you have posted information, you may not be able to edit or delete  such information, subject to additional rights set out in the “your rights and  choices” section below.
merger or  acquisition.
we share information in  connection with, or during negotiations of, any proposed or actual merger,  purchase, sale or any other type of acquisition or business combination of all  or any portion of our assets, or transfer of all or a portion of our business  to another business.
security and compelled disclosure.
we share information to comply with the law or other  legal process, and where required, in response to lawful requests by public  authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement  requirements.
we also share information to protect the rights, property, life,  health, security and safety of us, the service or anyone else.
facilitating  requests.
we share information at your request or direction, such as when you choose to  share information with a social network about your activities on the service.
consent.
we share information with notice to you and your consent.
social  media and technology integration.
we offer parts of our service through our site,  as well as platforms, and services operated or controlled by separate entities.
in addition, we integrate technologies operated or controlled by separate  entities into parts of our site and service.
some examples include.
links.
our service includes links that hyperlink to  websites, platforms, and other services not operated or controlled by us.
we  may get a commission if you purchase a product after clicking on a link to an  affiliate’s website.
liking, sharing, and logging-in.
we may embed a pixel or  sdk on our service that allows you to “like” or “share” content on, or log-in  to your account through social media.
if you choose to engage with such  integration, we may receive information from the social network that you have authorized  to share with us.
please note that the social network may independently collect  information about you through the integration.
toolbars.
if you download the ask.
com  toolbar, epson will receive analytical and other information about the fact  that you have installed the toolbar, the number of times you use the toolbar for searches, the type of  toolbar you use, your geographic location and browser settings, and whether or  not you click on advertisements provided through the ask.
com toolbar and  related search queries, for purposes of managing our commercial agreement with  apn, llc.
if you use an "inkfinder" or similar epson application  through the ask.
com toolbar, we will also receive analytical and other  information about your printer and ink for customer support purposes.
epson may  also use this information to market epson products and services to you.
this  privacy policy does not cover any use of information that ask.
com itself may  collect from you by virtue of your downloading and/or use of the ask.
com  toolbar or the methods used by ask.
com to collect that information.
for more  information about ask.
com's privacy practices, see the ask.
com privacy policy, and ask.
com end user license  agreement.
if you do not want epson or ask.
com to collect information from you regarding  your use of the ask.
com toolbar, you always have the option of not installing  the toolbar or of uninstalling the toolbar.
please note that when you interact with other entities, including when  you leave our service, those entities may  independently collect information about you and solicit information from you.
the information collected and stored by those entities  remains subject to their own policies and practices, including what information  they share with us, your rights and choices on their services and devices, and  whether they store information in the u.
s.
or elsewhere.
we encourage you to  familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use.
the site utilizes the youtube api to display videos and other information relevant to epson's video content, and you are agreeing to be bound by the youtube terms of service, privacy policy, and api services terms of service when engaging youtube content and services through the site.
we take no responsibility for the privacy practices of third-party services and encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any third-party service you access.
epson participates in the adobe marketing cloud device cooperative to better understand how you use certain websites and apps of ours across the various devices you use, and to deliver tailored promotions.
learn more about how adobe does this and how you may opt-out of this program.
network advertising and retargeting.
epson participates in online advertising networks and exchanges that display  relevant advertisements to site visitors based on their interests as reflected  in their browsing of the sites and certain third party sites participating in  the same networks and exchanges, including but not limited to networks and  exchanges operated by yahoo/bing, and google (a current list is available on  request).
these companies use cookies, web beacons, pixels and other similar  technologies to passively collect information from you which may be used to  tailor the advertising you see on the site or elsewhere on the web.
this means  that some information about your browsing of the service and certain third  party sites may be shared with these companies for the purpose of delivering  ads to you on the service and certain third party sites, and epson may receive  from some of these companies information about third party sites that you have  visited.
this information is used for marketing purposes and the practice is  sometimes termed "retargeting" to indicate that information from one  retailer is used to suggest to you relevant products offered by another  retailer.
this privacy policy does  not cover any use of information that such third parties themselves may have  collected from you (e.
g.
, type of browser, operating system, domain name, day  and time of visit, page(s) visited) or the methods used by the third-parties to  collect that information (e.
g.
, cookies, web beacons and clear gifs).
you can  also learn more about opting out of network advertising retargeting below under  "analytics and interest-based advertising.
".
your rights and choices.
account information.
you may access, update, or remove certain information that you  have provided to us through your account by visiting your account settings.
please note that  we will retain and use information about you as necessary to comply with our  legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
communications.
epson provides several  means for you to opt-out of receiving commercial e-mails from epson.
if you do  not wish to receive e-mail notices regarding our products or services, you may  opt-out at the time you provide your personal information to us.
you may also  opt-out through any commercial e-mail you receive from epson by selecting the  "unsubscribe" or similar option included with each e-mail.
to opt-out  of direct mailings, we will provide you with a postage paid opt-out card with  any promotional offers we mail to you.
please note that your  opt out is limited to the email address and device used and will not affect  subsequent subscriptions.
tracking technology  choices.
cookies  and pixels.
most browsers accept cookies by default.
you can  instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to decline or delete cookies.
if you use multiple browsers on your device, you will need to instruct each  browser separately.
your ability to limit cookies is subject to your browser  settings and limitations.
do  not track.
your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “do not  track” signal to online services you visit.
note, however, there is no industry  consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these  signals.
accordingly, unless and until the law is interpreted to require us to  do so, we do not monitor or take action with respect to “do not track” signals.
for more information on “do not track,” visit .
app  and location technologies.
you can stop all collection of  information via an app by uninstalling the app.
you can also reset your device  ad id at any time through your device settings, which is designed to allow you  to limit the use of information collected about you.
you can stop all  collection of precise location data through an app by uninstalling the app or  withdrawing your consent through your device settings.
please be aware that if you disable or remove tracking technologies some  parts of the service may not function correctly.
analytics and  interest-based advertising.
google provides tools to allow you to  opt out of the use of certain information collected by google analytics at  and by google analytics for display  advertising or the google display network at  .
the  companies we work with to provide you with targeted ads are required by us to  give you the choice to opt out of receiving targeted ads.
most of these  companies are participants of the digital advertising alliance (“daa”)  and/or the network advertising initiative (“nai”).
to learn more about  the targeted ads provided by these companies, and how to opt out of receiving  certain targeted ads from them, please visit.
(i) for website targeted ads from  daa participants,  (ii) for app targeted ads from daa participants,  and (iii) for targeted ads from nai participants,  opting out  only means that the selected participants should no longer deliver certain  targeted ads to you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted  content and/or ads (e.
g.
, in connection with the participants’ other customers  or from other technology services).
you may also limit our use of information collected from or about your  mobile device for purposes of serving targeted ads to you by going to your  device settings and selecting “limit ad tracking” (for ios devices) or “opt out  of interest-based ads” (for android devices).
please note that if you opt out using any of these methods, the opt out  will only apply to the specific browser or device from which you opt out.
we  are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any opt out  options or programs, or the accuracy of any other entities’ statements  regarding their opt out options or programs.
sweepstakes,       contests and promotions.
epson may offer  sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (any, a "promotion")  through the sites that may require registration.
by participating in a  promotion, you are agreeing to the terms, conditions or official rules that  govern that promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you,  including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the  promotion to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing  associated with the promotion.
if you choose to enter a promotion, your  personal information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in  connection with the administration of such promotion, including, without  limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as  required by law or permitted by the promotion's official rules, such as on a  winners list.
children's       privacy protection.
epson is aware of the heightened need to protect the privacy of children under  the age of 13.
the sites are not intended for children and are not targeted to  children under the age of 13.
epson does not knowingly collect personal  information from children (as defined by the u.
s.
children’s privacy protection  act, or “coppa”).
if we learn that we have collected personal information from  a child under the age of 13, we will delete this information.
if you are a  parent or guardian and you believe we have collected personal information from  your child in a manner not permitted by law, contact us at we  will remove the personal information  to  the extent required by applicable laws.
we  do not knowingly “sell,” as that term is defined under the ccpa, the personal  information of minors under 16 years old who are  california residents.
if you are a california  resident under 18 years old and registered to use the service, you can ask us  to remove any content or information you have posted on the service.
to make a  request, email us at with “california under 18 content removal request” in the  subject line, and tell us what you want removed.
we will make reasonable good  faith efforts to remove the post from prospective public view, although we  cannot ensure the complete or comprehensive removal of the content and may retain  the content as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve  disputes, and enforce our agreements.
the epson       store.
the epson store is a section of the sites that allows you to purchase epson  products online.
the epson store is designed to give you options concerning the  privacy of your information.
if you choose, you can set up an account, where  you will provide certain personal information.
to protect your privacy, we have  designed the epson store to include certain steps to verify your identity  before granting you access or enabling you to make changes to your account.
after logging into your account, you will have access to your account  information and the ability to view, update or change it at any time.
to access  your information, you will need to use a password.
when purchasing products  from the epson store, the order form will also ask you to provide a daytime  telephone number.
a telephone number is requested so we can quickly resolve  questions related to an order, such as to clarify customer orders or to notify  a customer of backorder status.
you also may choose to have epson save your credit card information.
we use  commercially reasonable security measures and retain card information for  payment processing purposes only.
see the section below entitled  "security" for further details.
because we know customers are  concerned about credit card security, epson store users have two choices when  purchasing from the epson store.
you may either.
(1) store your payment method in  your account profile, which is convenient because you will not need to re-enter  your number each time you place an order.
or (2) elect not to store your payment  method in your account profile, which means you will be required to re-enter  your payment information each time you place an order through the epson store.
if  you do choose to store your payment method, this information will be encrypted.
if at any time you would like to make a purchase but do not want to provide  your credit card information online, you may also place your order by  contacting an epson store sales representative by telephone at 800-873-7766.
data       security.
epson takes commercially  reasonable steps to help protect and secure personal information.
however, no  data transmission over the internet, wireless transmission or electronic  storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
please note that we  cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information we collect, and you  use our sites and provide us with your information at your own risk.
disability accommodations.
if you have a disability and would like to access this privacy policy in an alternative format, please contact us at .
data subject in european  economic area consent to transfer information.
this privacy policy is  intended to apply to the collection and processing of personal information from  customers and individuals in the united states and canada.
it does not apply to  websites managed or operated by other epson entities, such as epson electronics  and epson research and development, or websites in other countries operated by  other epson entities, including in the european union.
if epson receives and  becomes aware of any personal information of a customer or individual in the  european union, such information will be forwarded to the appropriate epson  entity for processing in accordance with their privacy policy and the general  data protection regulation as applicable, and will not be retained by epson  america, inc.
or epson canada, limited.
epson america, inc.
sites are operated in the united states.
if you are located in the european  union, canada or elsewhere outside of the united states and are accessing epson  america, inc.
sites, please be aware that information we collect, including  personal information, will be transferred to, processed and stored in the  united states and, as such, courts and other authorities in the united states  may, in certain circumstances, be entitled to access your personal information.
by using the epson america, inc.
sites or providing us with any information  through the epson america, inc.
sites, you consent to this transfer, processing  and storage of your information in the united states.
epson canada, limited sites are operated in canada.
please be aware that if you  are accessing epson canada, limited sites the information we collect, including  personal information, will be transferred to, processed and stored in the  united states, canada, or japan.
we or one of our affiliates or an unaffiliated  service provider may process and store your personal information outside of the  province or jurisdiction in which you reside and/or outside of canada and, as  such, courts and other authorities in those other provinces or foreign  jurisdictions may, in certain circumstances, be entitled to access your  personal information.
by using the epson canada, limited sites or providing us  with any information through the epson canada, limited sites, you consent to  this transfer, processing and storage of your information in and/or outside of  canada.
for more information about our policies and practices related to the  use of foreign service providers, please contact our privacy coordinator as  described below.
as noted above, the sites and service are not intended for customers or  individuals outside of the united states or canada.
if you are a customer or an  individual in the european union, you should direct your inquiries to websites  operated by other epson entities in that jurisdiction.
if epson receives and  becomes aware of any personal information of a customer or an individual in the  european union, such information will be forwarded to the appropriate epson  entity for processing in accordance with their privacy policy and the general  data protection regulation as applicable, and will not be retained by epson  america, inc.
or epson canada, limited.
changes to this policy.
epson may from time to time and without prior notice revise this privacy policy.
any changes will be effective immediately when the revised policy is posted on  the sites.
we will not, however, use your personal information in a manner  materially different than what was stated in the policy posted on the sites at  the time your personal information was collected unless we receive your  consent.
contacting       us.
if you have any questions about our privacy policy, our practices, or your  dealings with the sites, wish to request access to or correction or update of  your personal information, wish to withdraw your consent (subject to legal or  contractual restrictions and reasonable notice), or you have reason to believe  epson may have failed to adhere to this privacy policy, you can contact us by email or by writing to.
epson america, inc.
attn.
privacy coordinator        3131 katella avenue        los alamitos, ca 90720.
additional disclosures for california residents.
these additional disclosures for california residents apply only to individuals  who reside in california.
the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (“ccpa”) provides additional rights to  know, delete and opt out, and requires businesses collecting or disclosing  personal information to provide notices and means to exercise rights.
notice of collection.
in the past 12 months,  we have collected the following categories of personal information enumerated  in the ccpa.
identifiers, including name, email address, phone  number account name, ip address, and an id or number assigned to your account.
customer records,  billing and shipping address, and credit or debit card information.
demographics, such  as your age or gender.
this category includes data that may qualify as  protected classifications under other california or federal laws.
commercial information,  including purchases and engagement with the services.
internet activity,  including your interactions with our service.
device information,  including device serial number and warranty information.
device and usage data, data about the type of device or  browser you use, your device’s operating software, printing patterns, ink  usage, your internet service provider, your device’s regional and language  settings, and device identifiers such as ip address.
audio or visual data,  including pictures or vides you post on our service.
geolocation data,  including location enabled services such as wifi and gps.
employment and education data,  including information you provide when you apply for a job with us.
inferences, including information about your  interests, preferences and favorites.
for more information on  information we collect, including the sources we receive information from,  review the information collection section.
we collect and  use these categories of personal information for the business purposes  described in the use of information section, including to  provide and manage our services.
company does not  generally sell information as the term “sell” is traditionally understood.
however, to the extent “sale” under the ccpa is interpreted to include  advertising technology activities such as those disclosed in the analytics and advertising section as a “sale,” we  will comply with applicable law as to such activity.
company discloses the  following categories of personal information for commercial purposes.
identifiers,  demographic information, commercial information, internet activity, geolocation  data and inferences.
we use and partner with different types of entities to  assist with our daily operations and manage our service.
please review the sharing of information section for more detail  about the parties we have shared information with.
right to know and delete.
if you are a california  resident, you have the right to delete the personal information we have  collected from you and the right to know certain information about our data  practices in the preceding 12 months.
in particular, you have the right to  request the following from us.
the categories of personal information  we have collected about you.
the categories of sources from which  the personal information was collected.
the categories of personal information  about you we disclosed for a business purpose or sold.
the categories of third parties to  whom the personal information was disclosed for a business purpose or sold.
the business or commercial purpose for  collecting or selling the personal information.
and.
the specific pieces of personal information we  have collected about you.
to exercise any of these  rights, please submit a request through our online form available at  or call our toll free  number at 1-800-822-0313.
in the request, please specify which right you are  seeking to exercise.
we will confirm receipt of your request within 10 days.
we  may require specific information from you to help us verify your identity and  process your request.
if we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny  your requests to know or delete.
right to opt-out.
to the extent company sells your personal information as the term “sell”  is defined under the california consumer privacy act, you have the right to  opt-out of the sale of your personal information by us to third parties at any  time.
you may submit a request to opt-out by clicking do not sell my personal information.
you may also submit a request to opt-out by calling our toll-free number  at 1-800-822-0313.
authorized agent.
you can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf.
however, we will require written proof of the agent’s permission to do so and  verify your identity directly.
shine the light.
customers who are residents of california may  request (i) a list of the categories of personal information disclosed by us to  third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for those third  parties’ own direct marketing purposes.
and (ii) a list of the categories of  third parties to whom we disclosed such information.
to exercise a request,  please write us at the email or postal address set out in “contact us” above  and specify that you are making a “california shine the light request.
” we may require  additional information from you to allow us to verify your identity and are  only required to respond to requests once during any calendar year.
additional disclosures for nevada residents.
nevada consumers may submit requests directing businesses not to sell certain kinds of personal information that the business has collected or will collect about the consumer.
a sale under nevada law is the exchange of personal information for monetary consideration by the business to a third party for the third party to license or sell the personal information to other third parties.
if you are a nevada consumer and wish to obtain information about our compliance with nevada law, please contact us at .
get social with us facebooktwitterlinkedinyoutubeinstagram.
printers & all-in-ones.
scanners.
projectors & displays.
professional imaging.
business printers.
ecotank printers.
smart glasses.
robots.
microdevices.
label printers.
commercial printers.
ink.
paper.
extended service plans.
printers.
scanners.
projectors.
wearables.
point of sale.
robots.
microdevices.
other products.
track my order.
register your product.
brighter futures product registration.
activate your service plan.
warranty verification.
service center locator.
security notifications.
technical support fraud alert.
education.
financial.
healthcare.
hospitality.
logistics.
manufacturing.
retail.
epson partner program.
shaq + epson.
lpga.
apple compatibility.
direct cd/dvd printing.
document capture pro.
printing/scanning solutions.
omnilink pos solutions.
precisioncore technology.
heat-free technology.
black-and-white printing.
printers for chromebook.
view all technologies.
about us.
our history.
executive team.
careers.
newsroom.
blog.
environmental pursuit.
epson portland inc.
contact us.
epson store.
refurbished & clearance center.
terms of use.
careers.
accessibility.
trademarks.
ca supply chains act.
ca privacy rights.
privacy policy.
do not sell my personal information.
