solutionsautomotive security solutionscybersecurity management systems with proofmulti-layered protection conceptsintegration of hardware security modulesintrusion detection and prevention solutionvehicle security operations centersecure v2x communicationsganzheitliche security-lösungendie gerätevernetzung ermöglicht in allen branchen neue funktionen.
zudem eröffnen neue softwarebasierte geschäftsmodelle große chancen.
allerdings steigen dadurch auch die anforderungen an produktsicherheit und datenschutz stetig an.
umfassende security nach dem neuesten stand erfordert einen ganzheitlichen ansatz, der das gesamte system, alle lebenszyklusphasen und organisatorische aspekte abdeckt.
automotive security solutions.
cybersecurity management systems with proof.
multi-layered protection concepts.
integration of hardware security modules.
intrusion detection and prevention solution.
vehicle security operations center.
secure v2x communications.
ganzheitliche security-lösungen.
die gerätevernetzung ermöglicht in allen branchen neue funktionen.
zudem eröffnen neue softwarebasierte geschäftsmodelle große chancen.
allerdings steigen dadurch auch die anforderungen an produktsicherheit und datenschutz stetig an.
umfassende security nach dem neuesten stand erfordert einen ganzheitlichen ansatz, der das gesamte system, alle lebenszyklusphasen und organisatorische aspekte abdeckt.
productsautomotive embedded securitycycurlib						cryptographic librarycycurtls						transport layer security (tls) for embedded platformscycurhsm						security software for ecuscycurids						embedded intrusion detectioncycurgate						automotive firewallsecurity backendcycurv2x-pki						v2x security credentials management systemescrypt supportcycurhsm support						fota support						kms/pks support.
automotive embedded securitycycurlib						cryptographic librarycycurtls						transport layer security (tls) for embedded platformscycurhsm						security software for ecuscycurids						embedded intrusion detectioncycurgate						automotive firewall.
cycurlib						cryptographic library.
cycurtls						transport layer security (tls) for embedded platforms.
cycurhsm						security software for ecus.
cycurids						embedded intrusion detection.
cycurgate						automotive firewall.
security backendcycurv2x-pki						v2x security credentials management system.
cycurv2x-pki						v2x security credentials management system.
escrypt supportcycurhsm support						fota support						kms/pks support.
cycurhsm support.
fota support.
kms/pks support.
servicessecurity consultingprofessional security consultingautosar security consultingpost quantum cryptographycertification supportprofessional security consulting servicesvehicle type approval readiness assessmentcsms auditsupplier governancemanaged servicesincident response as a servicesecurity engineeringthreat analysis and risk assessment implementation supportsecurity designsecurity testingsecurity testing servicesfuzz testing servicesecurity test consultingfunctional security testingautomotive penetration testingsecurity trainingsbasic trainingssecure product designsecurity testingadvanced trainingsautomotive securityiso21434 – from security engineering to managementsecure connected productscoachingsecurity testing strategythreat analysis and risk assessment coaching.
security consultingprofessional security consultingautosar security consultingpost quantum cryptographycertification supportprofessional security consulting servicesvehicle type approval readiness assessmentcsms auditsupplier governancemanaged servicesincident response as a service.
professional security consultingautosar security consultingpost quantum cryptographycertification support.
autosar security consulting.
post quantum cryptography.
certification support.
professional security consulting servicesvehicle type approval readiness assessmentcsms auditsupplier governance.
vehicle type approval readiness assessment.
csms audit.
supplier governance.
managed servicesincident response as a service.
incident response as a service.
security engineeringthreat analysis and risk assessment implementation supportsecurity design.
threat analysis and risk assessment.
implementation support.
security design.
security testingsecurity testing servicesfuzz testing servicesecurity test consultingfunctional security testingautomotive penetration testing.
security testing services.
fuzz testing service.
security test consulting.
functional security testing.
automotive penetration testing.
security trainingsbasic trainingssecure product designsecurity testingadvanced trainingsautomotive securityiso21434 – from security engineering to managementsecure connected productscoachingsecurity testing strategythreat analysis and risk assessment coaching.
basic trainingssecure product designsecurity testing.
secure product design.
security testing.
advanced trainingsautomotive securityiso21434 – from security engineering to managementsecure connected products.
automotive security.
iso21434 – from security engineering to management.
secure connected products.
coachingsecurity testing strategythreat analysis and risk assessment coaching.
security testing strategy.
threat analysis and risk assessment coaching.
companyexpertiseconnected mobilityabout usabout ushow we workcontact uscareerworking at escrypt.
expertiseconnected mobility.
connected mobility.
about usabout ushow we workcontact us.
about us.
how we work.
contact us.
careerworking at escrypt.
working at escrypt.
news & medianews & eventsdigital cornerpublicationsnews & mediaunder "news & media", you can check out our webinars, videos, news, and publications.
you’ll also see what upcoming events we’ll be at so you can come talk to us live and in person.
news & events.
digital corner.
publications.
news & media.
under "news & media", you can check out our webinars, videos, news, and publications.
you’ll also see what upcoming events we’ll be at so you can come talk to us live and in person.
terms of use.
terms of use.
etas gmbh.
borsigstr.
2470469 stuttgartgermany.
phone.
+49 234 43870-200fax.
+49 234 .
managing director.
christoph hartung, günter gromeier, götz niggechairman of the supervisory board.
dr.
walter schirmregister entries.
registration court.
amtsgericht stuttgart, hrb 19033value-added tax identification number.
de811679830.
the information in our internet pages was created with great care.
however, we do not take any responsibility for the completeness and correctness of the data.
we update the information and downloads continuously and they may be changed or deleted by us at any time without notice.
the content of the internet pages of etas is protected by copyright.
the information may be used for private, not commercial, purposes, and by journalists for editorial purposes.
when reproducing the content, please refer to the property rights of the etas.
all contents may be used on other web pages, networked computer systems, or electronic media only with written permission of etas.
distribution, demonstration, or reproduction for commercial or public purposes is prohibited.
any violation is subject to immediate destruction of all printed or downloaded contents.
the etas reserves the right to possible further claims for damages.
all downloading is at your own risk.
etas is not responsible for any damages which may occur through the installation and use of the software or the web contents, as legally admissible.
all files were screened for viruses at the time they were made available for downloading from our website.
this website contains links to third party websites.
at the time the link is established, we verify the legality of the content of these websites.
etas is not responsible for any illegal content that you may access through any of our links.
etas does not assume any liability for the performance, quality, accuracy, timeliness, reliability, or any other aspect of products or services on these websites.
etas is neither responsible for third parties' legal or privacy policies nor for their processing of personal data.
when we receive notice of any illegal content of linked pages, we will attempt to remove the link, as long as it is technically possible and reasonable.
this website may contain references or links to products, services, or offers of third parties which may not be available or legally permissible in your country.
such references do not imply the intent of the etas to provide such information or offers to your country.
etas gmbh (hereinafter "etas“ or "we“ or "us") welcomes you to our internet pages and mobile applications (together also referred to as "online offers").
we thank you for your interest in our company and our products.
etas respects your privacythe protection of your privacy throughout the course of processing personal data as well as the security of all business data are important concerns to us.
we process personal data that was gathered during your visit of our online offers confidentially and only in accordance with statutory regulations.
data protection and information security are included in our corporate policy.
controlleretas is the controller responsible for the processing of your data.
exceptions are outlined in this data protection notice.
our contact details are as follows.
etas gmbhborsigstr.
2470469 stuttgartgermany.
phone.
+49 711 3423-0fax.
+49 711 3423-2106info [at] escrypt.
com.
processed categories of datathe following categories of data are processed.
communication data (e.
g.
name, telephone, e-mail, address, ip address).
principlespersonal data consists of all information related to an identified or identifiable natural person, this includes, e.
g.
names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, contractual master data, contract accounting and payment data, which is an expression of a person's identity.
we collect, process and use personal data (including ip addresses) only when there is either a statutory legal basis to do so or if you have given your consent to the processing or use of personal data concerning this matter, e.
g.
by means of registration.
processing purposes and legal baseswe.
as well as the service providers commissioned by us.
process your personal data for the following processing purposes.
provision of these online offers	(legal basis.
legitimate interest on our part in direct marketing as long as this occurs in accordance with data protection and competition law).
provision of these online offers and fulfillment of contractual obligations under our contractual terms	(legal basis.
fulfillment of contractual obligations).
resolving service disruptions as well as for security reasons.
(legal bases.
fulfillment of our legal obligations within the scope of data security, and legitimate interest in resolving service disruptions as well as in the protection of our offers).
self-promotion and promotion by others as well as market research and reach analysis done within the scope statutorily permitted or based on consent (legal basis.
consent / legitimate interest on our part in direct marketing if in accordance with data protection and competition law).
sending an email or sms/mms newsletter with subject to the recipient’s consent	(legal basis.
consent).
safeguarding and defending our rights.
(legal basis.
justified interest on our part for safeguarding and defending our rights).
data processed as joint controllers.
etas gmbh having its registered office in stuttgart (germany), etas national subsidiaries and a few robert bosch gmbh national subsidiaries process personal data in jointly used it systems.
the following personal data are processed as joint controllers.
personal data relating to contact persons and/or employees of customers (e.
g.
name, e-mail, telephone number).
information relating to employment and/or education and training of the companies’ employees (e.
g.
degrees, professional qualification).
the companies have regulated the data processing as joint controllers in a contract (article 26 gdpr).
the companies have contractually agreed that.
in german-speaking countries (germany, austria and switzerland) etas gmbh will fulfil the rights described in the section "rights of the user",.
in the other countries, the respective etas national subsidiary or etas gmbh if there is no etas national subsidiary in the relevant country, is entrusted with the fulfilment of the "rights of the user",.
after conclusion of a contract, the company concluding the contract is always entrusted with the fulfilment of the "rights of the user" and the related task hereto.
irrespective of the contractual division of responsibilities between the companies, you may contact another company to exercise your rights.
for joint services as part of the cooperation with kpmg.
the cooperation partners kpmg ag and etas gmbh use forms to collect personal data collected in the course of surveys, webinars, and the like as jointly responsible parties within the meaning of art.
26 gdpr.
this means in particular that all data collected by etas in the context of the above-mentioned forms will also be passed on to kpmg and etas.
all rights of data subjects under art.
15 et seq.
gdpr may be asserted at any time against all cooperation partners and shall be exercised vis-à-vis the data subjects by the cooperation partner to whom the request is addressed.
each time you use the internet, your browser is transmitting certain information which we store in socalled log files.
we save log files for a period of 42 days to determine service disruptions and for security reasons (e.
g.
, to investigate attack attempts) and delete them afterwards.
log files which need to be maintained for evidence purposes are excluded from deletion until the respective incident is resolved and may, on a case-by-case basis, be passed on to investigating authorities.
log files are also used for analysis purposes (without the ip address or without the complete ip address, see module “advertisements and/or market research (including web analysis, no customer surveys)).
in log files, the following information is saved.
ip address (internet protocol address) of the terminal device used to access the online offer.
internet address of the website from which the online offer is accessed (so called url of origin or referrer url).
name of the service provider which was used to access the online offer.
name of the files or information accessed.
date and time as well as duration of recalling the data.
amount of data transferred.
operating system and information on the internet browser used, including add-ons installed (e.
g.
, flash player).
http status code (e.
g.
, “request successful” or “file requested not found”).
childrenthis online offer is not meant for children under 16 years of age.
data transferdata transfer to other controllersprincipally, your personal data is forwarded to other controllers only if required for the fulfillment of a contractual obligation, or if we ourselves, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in the data transfer, or if you have given your consent.
particulars on the legal basis and the recipients or categories of recipients can be found in the section – processing purposes and legal basis.
additionally, data may be transferred to other controllers when we are obliged to do so due to statutory regulations or enforceable administrative or judicial orders.
service providers (general)we involve external service providers with tasks such as sales and marketing services, contract management, payment handling, programming, data hosting and hotline services.
we have chosen those service providers carefully and monitor them on a regular basis, especially regarding their diligent handling of and protection of the data that they store.
all service providers are obliged to maintain confidentiality and to comply with the statutory provisions.
service providers may also be other bosch group companies.
transfer to recipients outside the eeawe might transfer personal data to recipients located outside the eea into so-called third countries.
in such cases, prior to the transfer we ensure that either the data recipient provides an appropriate level of data protection (e.
g.
due to a decision of adequacy by the european commission for the respective country or due to the agreement based on so-called eu model clauses with the recipient) or that you have consented to the transfer.
you are entitled to receive an overview of third country recipients and a copy of the specifically agreed-provisions securing an appropriate level of data protection.
for this purpose, please use the statements made in the contact section.
duration of storage.
retention periodsprincipally, we store your data for as long as it is necessary to render our online offers and connected services or for as long as we have a justified interest in storing the data (e.
g.
we might still have a justified interest in postal mail marketing after fulfillment of our contractual obligations).
in all other cases we delete your personal data with the exception of data we are obliged to store for the fulfillment of legal obligations (e.
g.
due to retention periods under the tax and commercial codes we are obliged to have documents such as contracts and invoices available for a certain period of time).
usage of cookiesin the context of our online service, cookies and tracking mechanisms may be used.
cookies are small text files that may be stored on your device when visiting our online service.
tracking is possible using different technologies.
in particular, we process information using pixel technology and/or during log file analysis.
categorieswe distinguish between cookies that are mandatorily required for the technical functions of the online service and such cookies and tracking mechanisms that are not mandatorily required for the technical function of the online service.
it is generally possible to use the online service without any cookies that serve non-technical purposes.
technically required cookiesby technically required cookies we mean cookies without those the technical provision of the online service cannot be ensured.
these include e.
g.
cookies that store data to ensure smooth reproduction of video or audio footage.
such cookies will be deleted when you leave the website.
cookies and tracking mechanisms that are technically not requiredwe only use cookies and tracking mechanisms if you have given us your prior consent in each case.
with the exception of the cookie that saves the current status of your privacy settings (selection cookie).
this cookie is set based on legitimate interest.
we distinguish between two sub-categories with regard to these cookies and tracking mechanisms.
comfort cookiesthese cookies facilitate operation and thus allow you to browse our online service more comfortably.
e.
g.
your language settings may be included in these cookies.
marketing cookies and tracking mechanismsgeneralby using marketing cookies and tracking mechanisms we and our partners are able to show you offerings based on your interests, resulting from an analysis of your user behavior.
statistics.
by using statistical tools, we measure e.
g.
the number of your page views.
conversion tracking.
our conversion tracking partners place a cookie on your computer ("conversion cookie") if you accessed our website via an advertisement of the respective partner.
normally these cookies are no longer valid after 30 days.
if you visit certain pages of our website and the cookie has not yet expired, we and the relevant conversion partner can recognize that a certain user clicked on the advertisement and thereby was redirected to our website.
this can also be done across multiple devices.
the information obtained by means of the conversion cookie serves the purpose of compiling conversion statistics and recording the total number of users who clicked on the respective advertisement and were redirected to a website with a conversion tracking tag.
social plugins.
some of the pages of our online service involve content and services of other providers (e.
g.
facebook, twitter) which also may use cookies and active modules.
for more details regarding social plugins please refer to the section on social plugins.
retargeting.
these tools create user profiles by means of advertising cookies or third-party advertising cookies so called "web beacons" (invisible graphics that are also called pixels or tracking pixels), or by means of comparable technologies.
these are used for interest-based advertising and to control the frequency with which the user looks at certain advertisements.
the relevant provider is the controller responsible for the processing of data in connection with the tool.
the providers of the tools might disclose information also to third parties for the purposes mentioned above.
please note the data protection notices of the relevant provider in this context.
please note that using the tools might include transfer of your data to recipients outside of the eea where there is no adequate level of data protection pursuant to the gdpr (e.
g.
the usa).
for more details in this respect please refer to the following description of the individual marketing tools.
name.
matomoprovider.
innocraft ltd.
, 150 willis st.
, 6011 wellington, new zealandfunction.
analyses user behaviour (page views, number of visitors and visits, downloads).
management of cookies and tracking mechanismswhen visiting our websites, you will be asked in a cookie layer whether you consent to our using of any convenience cookies, marketing cookies or tracking mechanisms, respectively.
in our privacy settings, you may withdraw the consent with effect for the future or grant your consent at a later point in time.
deactivation of all cookiesif you wish to deactivate all cookies, please deactivate cookies in your browser settings.
please note that this may affect the functionality of the website.
management of your settings with regard to cookies and tracking mechanisms not required technicallywhen visiting our websites, you will be asked in a cookie layer whether you consent to our using of any comfort cookies, marketing cookies or tracking mechanisms, respectively.
in our privacy settings, you may withdraw the consent with effect for the future or grant your consent at a later point in time.
newsletter analysiswe need statistical information about the usage of our newsletter to design them to be more user-friendly, to perform range measurements, and market research.
for this purpose, we use analysis tools described in this section.
the usage profiles created by these tools using analysis cookies or by evaluating log files collect information about the usage of our newsletter.
data about opened newsletters and visited links can be stored and connected to a subscriber’s profile.
the tools sellers process data only as processors subject to our directives and not for their own purposes.
in the following, please find information on each tool seller.
evalancheevalanche is provided by sc networks, enzianstr.
2, 82319 starnberg, germany.
social pluginsin our online offers we use so-called social plugins from various social networks.
they are individually described in this section.
when using plugins, your internet browser creates a direct connection to the respective social networks’ server.
hereby the respective provider receives the information that your internet browser accessed from the respective site of our online offers, - even if you do not have a user account with this provider or are currently not logged into your account.
log files (including the ip address) are, in this case, directly transmitted from your internet browser to a server of the respective provider and might be stored there.
the provider or its server may be located outside the eu or the eea (e.
g.
,.
in the united states).
the plugins are standalone extensions by social network providers.
for this reason, we are unable to influence the scope of data collected and stored by them.
purpose and scope of the collection, the continued processing and usage of data by the social network as well as your respective rights and setting options to protect your privacy can be found by consulting the respective social network's data protection notices.
in case you do not wish social network providers to receive and, if applicable, store or use data, you should not use the respective plugins.
by using the so-called two click solution (provided by heise medien gmbh & co.
kg) we protect your visit to our web pages from being logged and processed by social network providers by default.
when using a page of our internet presence which contains such plugins, these are initially deactivated.
only when you click on the respective button, the plugins are activated.
twitter pluginstwitter is operated by twitter inc.
, 1355 market st, suite 900, san francisco, ca 94103, usa ("twitter").
find an overview over twitter's plugins and their appearance here.
find information on data protection at twitter here.
.
youtubeour online offers use the youtube video platform which is operated by youtube, llc, 901 cherry ave.
san bruno, ca 94066, usa („youtube”).
youtube is a platform which allows the playback of audio and video files.
when you access a respective site of our online offers that contains an embedded youtube player, this creates a connection to youtube so that the video or audio file can be transmitted and played back.
in doing so, data is transferred to youtube as a data controller.
we are not responsible for the processing of such data by youtube.
additional information on the scope and purpose of collected data, on further processing and usage of data by youtube, on your rights and the privacy options available to be chosen by you, can be found in youtube's data protection notice.
newsletternewsletter with opt-in.
right of withdrawalwithin the scope of our online offers you can sign up for newsletters.
we provide the socalled double opt-in option which means that we will only send you a newsletter via email after you have explicitly confirmed the activation of the newsletter service to us by clicking on the link in a notification.
in case you wish to no longer receive newsletters, you can terminate the subscription at any time by withdrawing your consent.
you can withdraw your consent to email newsletters by clicking on the link which is sent in the respective newsletter mail, or at  alternatively, please contact us via the contact details provided in the contact section.
external linksour online offers may contain links to third party internet pages – by providers who are not related to us.
upon clicking on the link, we have no influence on the collecting, processing and use of personal data possibly transmitted by clicking on the link to the third party (such as the ip address or the url of the site on which the link is located) as the conduct of third parties is naturally beyond our control.
we do not assume responsibility for the processing of personal data by third parties.
securityour employees and the companies providing services on our behalf, are obliged to confidentiality and to compliance with the applicable data protection laws.
we take all necessary technical and organizational measures to ensure an appropriate level of security and to protect your data that are administrated by us especially from the risks of unintended or unlawful destruction, manipulation, loss, change or unauthorized disclosure or unauthorized access.
our security measures are, pursuant to technological progress, constantly being improved.
user rightsto enforce your rights, please use the details provided in the contact section.
in doing so, please ensure that an unambiguous identification of your person is possible.
right to information and access.
you have the right to obtain confirmation from us about whether or not your personal data is being processed, and, if this is the case, access to your personal data.
right to correction and deletion.
you have the right to obtain the rectification of inaccurate personal data.
as far as statutory requirements are fulfilled, you have the riht to obtain the completion or deletion of your data.
this does not apply to data which is necessary for billing or accounting purposes or which is subject to a statutory retention period.
if access to such data is not required, however, its processing is restricted (see the following).
restriction of processing.
you have the right to demand for – as far as statutory requirements are fulfilled – restriction of the processing of your data.
data portabilityas far as statutory requirements are fulfilled you have the right to demand for to receive data that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or – if technically feasible – that we transfer those data to a third party.
objection to direct marketing.
additionally, you may object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time.
please take into account that due to organizational reasons, there might be an overlap between your objection and the usage of your data within the scope of a campaign which is already running.
objection to data processing based on the legal basis of "legitimate interest”.
in addition, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data at any time, insofar as this is based on a legitimate interest.
we will then terminate the processing of your data, unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds according to legal requirements which override your rights.
withdrawal of consent.
in case you consented to the processing of your data, you have the right to revoke this consent with immediate effect for the future.
the lawfulness of data processing prior to your withdrawal remains unchanged.
right to lodge complaint with supervisory authority.
you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
you can appeal to the supervisory authority which is responsible for your place of residence or your state of residency or to the supervisory authority responsible for us.
this is.
state commissioner for data protection and freedom of information baden-württemberg.
address.
lautenschlagerstraße 2070173 stuttgart, germanypostal address.
p.
o.
box 10 29 3270025 stuttgartphone.
+49 711 615541-0fax.
+49 711 .
changes to the data protection noticewe reserve the right to change our security and data protection measures if this is required due to technical development.
in such cases, we will amend our data protection notice accordingly.
please, therefore, notice the current version of our data protection notice, as this is subject to change.
contact.
if you wish to contact us, please find us at the address stated in the "controller" section.
to assert your rights and to notify data protection incidents please visit the following link.
for suggestions and complaints regarding the processing of your personal data we recommend that you contact our data protection officer.
chief officer corporate data securityinformation security and privacy bosch group (c/isp)bosch-groupp.
o.
box 30 02 2070442 .
effective date.
2020.
02.
05.
publications.
research projects.
downloads.
contacts.
get in touch.
career.
product security/psirt.
newsletter.
subscribe to our monthly newsletter.
footer menu.
terms of use.
privacy.
copyright etas 2022.
your monthly security update.
subscribe to escrypt's online newsletter.
english.
deutsch.
日本語.
한국어.
简体中文.
colmobile.
solutionsautomotive security solutionscybersecurity management systems with proofmulti-layered protection conceptsintegration of hardware security modulesattack detection and blocking for vehiclesvehicle security operations centersecure v2x communications.
automotive security solutions.
cybersecurity management systems with proof.
multi-layered protection concepts.
integration of hardware security modules.
attack detection and blocking for vehicles.
vehicle security operations center.
secure v2x communications.
productscycurlibcycurtlscycurhsmcycuridscycurgatecycurv2x-pki.
cycurlib.
cycurtls.
cycurhsm.
cycurids.
cycurgate.
cycurv2x-pki.
servicesautosar security consulting servicepost-quantum cryptography consultingcertification supportvehicle type approval readiness assessment csms auditsupplier governanceincident response as a servicethreat analysis and risk assessment customized softwaresecurity designsecurity testing servicessecurity test consultingfuzz testing servicesfunctional security testingsecurity trainings.
autosar security consulting service.
post-quantum cryptography consulting.
certification support.
vehicle type approval readiness assessment.
csms audit.
supplier governance.
incident response as a service.
threat analysis and risk assessment.
customized software.
security design.
security testing services.
security test consulting.
fuzz testing services.
functional security testing.
security trainings.
expertiseconnected mobility.
connected mobility.
companyabout escrypthow we workcontact uscareer.
about escrypt.
how we work.
contact us.
career.
publicationsresearchdownloads.
research.
downloads.
news & medianews & eventsdigital cornerpublications.
news & events.
digital corner.
publications.
fußbereich.
terms of use.
privacy.
copyright etas 2022.
