esri privacy.
esri takes our responsibility to protect your privacy seriously.
we are committed to respecting your privacy by providing transparency in how we acquire and use your information, giving you control of your information and preferences, and holding ourselves to the highest national and international standards, including ccpa and gdpr compliance.
manage privacy.
cookiesesri stores small text files on your device to improve and personalize your browsing experience.
learn more and manage your cookie settings.
cookies.
marketing communicationsfind out how personal information is used in emails and print subscriptions.
learn how to change your preferences or unsubscribe.
marketing communications.
accountsaccounts allow you to access esri software and content.
learn how to manage your accounts and settings, or delete your accounts.
accounts.
privacy statements.
privacy statementthis legal statement covers our use of personal information collected through our websites and products, and describes your choices about its use.
privacy statement.
products and services privacy supplementthis legal statement clarifies the use of personal information esri acquires in order to deliver product & services.
products and services privacy supplement.
general data protection regulation (gdpr).
esri complies with gdpr, which imposes new rules on organizations inside and outside the european union (eu) that process personal information.
california consumer privacy act of 2018 (ccpa).
esri does not sell personal information.
esri complies with ccpa, which imposes new rules on certain businesses inside and outside california that process personal information of california consumers and households.
trust center.
privacy and security are built into esri’s products and services.
the trust center website contains the assurance information you are looking for concerning the security, privacy, and compliance of the arcgis platform.
questions or concerns regarding privacy issues.
send an email to .
