enen                                                de                                                                                            es                                                                                            fr                                                                                            中文                                                                                            日本語.
en.
de.
es.
fr.
中文.
日本語.
f5 sitessupport portalself-service help on f5 products & servicesdevcentralconnect & learn in our hosted communitymyf5manage subscriptions & registration keyspartner centralresource & support portal for f5 partnerslearnf5learn to use f5 products.
support portalself-service help on f5 products & services.
self-service help on f5 products & services.
devcentralconnect & learn in our hosted community.
connect & learn in our hosted community.
myf5manage subscriptions & registration keys.
manage subscriptions & registration keys.
partner centralresource & support portal for f5 partners.
resource & support portal for f5 partners.
learnf5learn to use f5 products.
learn to use f5 products.
contact f5contact f5 salestalk to an f5 sales representativecontact f5 supporttalk to a support professional in your regioncontact professional servicesget help to optimize your f5 solution.
contact f5 salestalk to an f5 sales representative.
talk to an f5 sales representative.
contact f5 supporttalk to a support professional in your region.
talk to a support professional in your region.
contact professional servicesget help to optimize your f5 solution.
get help to optimize your f5 solution.
solutions & products.
partners.
resources.
support.
company.
get f5.
open searchclose searchsearch all f5 sitessuggested searchesreset focus.
suggested searches.
open navigation.
solutions & productssolutions & productssolutionsview all                                            view all solutionsby solution type                                                                 performance                                                                        application performance                                                                        infrastructure & application availability                                                                security                                                                        application security                                                                        online fraud prevention                                                                        access & authorization                                                                automation                                                                        devops deployment                                                                        multi-cloud management                                                                insight                                                                        application troubleshootingby industry                                                                 banking & financial services                                                                public sector solutions                                                                healthcare                                                                service providersby deployment                                                                 solutions by deployment                                                                        cloud                                                                        software                                                                        hardware                                                                        as a service                                                                solutions by cloud partners                                                                        f5 on amazon web services                                                                        f5 on google cloud platform                                                                        f5 on microsoft azureproductsbig-ip                                                                 view all big-ip products                                                                        big-ip access policy manager                                                                        big-ip advanced firewall manager                                                                        big-ip advanced waf                                                                        big-ip carrier-grade nat (cgnat)                                                                        big-ip dns                                                                        big-ip local traffic manager                                                                        big-ip policy enforcement manager                                                                        big-ip service proxy for kubernetes                                                                        big-ip ssl orchestrator                                                                        container ingress services                                                                big-ip deployment                                                                        f5 rseries                                                                        big-ip iseries appliances                                                                        big-ip viprion chassis and blades                                                                        big-ip virtual edition                                                                        cloud-native network functionsbig-iq centralized management                                                                 big-iq centralized managementddos hybrid defender                                                                 ddos hybrid defenderdistributed cloud services                                                 distributed cloud servicesglobal server load balancing                                                                 global server load balancingnginx                                                                 view all nginx products                                                                        nginx controller                                                                        nginx plus                                                                        nginx open source                                                                        nginx app protect                                                                        nginx ingress controller                                                                        nginx service mesh                                                                        nginx unit                                                                        nginx amplify                                                                        f5 dns cloud servicessilverline managed services                                                                 view all silverline managed services                                                                        silverline web application firewall                                                                        silverline ddos protection                                                                        silverline shape defense.
solutionsview all.
view all solutions.
by solution type                                                                 performance                                                                        application performance                                                                        infrastructure & application availability                                                                security                                                                        application security                                                                        online fraud prevention                                                                        access & authorization                                                                automation                                                                        devops deployment                                                                        multi-cloud management                                                                insight                                                                        application troubleshooting.
performance                                                                        application performance                                                                        infrastructure & application availability.
application performance.
infrastructure & application availability.
security                                                                        application security                                                                        online fraud prevention                                                                        access & authorization.
application security.
online fraud prevention.
access & authorization.
automation                                                                        devops deployment                                                                        multi-cloud management.
devops deployment.
multi-cloud management.
insight                                                                        application troubleshooting.
application troubleshooting.
by industry                                                                 banking & financial services                                                                public sector solutions                                                                healthcare                                                                service providers.
banking & financial services.
public sector solutions.
healthcare.
service providers.
by deployment                                                                 solutions by deployment                                                                        cloud                                                                        software                                                                        hardware                                                                        as a service                                                                solutions by cloud partners                                                                        f5 on amazon web services                                                                        f5 on google cloud platform                                                                        f5 on microsoft azure.
solutions by deployment                                                                        cloud                                                                        software                                                                        hardware                                                                        as a service.
cloud.
software.
hardware.
as a service.
solutions by cloud partners                                                                        f5 on amazon web services                                                                        f5 on google cloud platform                                                                        f5 on microsoft azure.
f5 on amazon web services.
f5 on google cloud platform.
f5 on microsoft azure.
products.
big-ip                                                                 view all big-ip products                                                                        big-ip access policy manager                                                                        big-ip advanced firewall manager                                                                        big-ip advanced waf                                                                        big-ip carrier-grade nat (cgnat)                                                                        big-ip dns                                                                        big-ip local traffic manager                                                                        big-ip policy enforcement manager                                                                        big-ip service proxy for kubernetes                                                                        big-ip ssl orchestrator                                                                        container ingress services                                                                big-ip deployment                                                                        f5 rseries                                                                        big-ip iseries appliances                                                                        big-ip viprion chassis and blades                                                                        big-ip virtual edition                                                                        cloud-native network functions.
view all big-ip products                                                                        big-ip access policy manager                                                                        big-ip advanced firewall manager                                                                        big-ip advanced waf                                                                        big-ip carrier-grade nat (cgnat)                                                                        big-ip dns                                                                        big-ip local traffic manager                                                                        big-ip policy enforcement manager                                                                        big-ip service proxy for kubernetes                                                                        big-ip ssl orchestrator                                                                        container ingress services.
big-ip access policy manager.
big-ip advanced firewall manager.
big-ip advanced waf.
big-ip carrier-grade nat (cgnat).
big-ip dns.
big-ip local traffic manager.
big-ip policy enforcement manager.
big-ip service proxy for kubernetes.
big-ip ssl orchestrator.
container ingress services.
big-ip deployment                                                                        f5 rseries                                                                        big-ip iseries appliances                                                                        big-ip viprion chassis and blades                                                                        big-ip virtual edition                                                                        cloud-native network functions.
f5 rseries.
big-ip iseries appliances.
big-ip viprion chassis and blades.
big-ip virtual edition.
cloud-native network functions.
big-iq centralized management                                                                 big-iq centralized management.
big-iq centralized management.
ddos hybrid defender                                                                 ddos hybrid defender.
ddos hybrid defender.
distributed cloud services.
distributed cloud services.
global server load balancing                                                                 global server load balancing.
global server load balancing.
nginx                                                                 view all nginx products                                                                        nginx controller                                                                        nginx plus                                                                        nginx open source                                                                        nginx app protect                                                                        nginx ingress controller                                                                        nginx service mesh                                                                        nginx unit                                                                        nginx amplify                                                                        f5 dns cloud services.
view all nginx products                                                                        nginx controller                                                                        nginx plus                                                                        nginx open source                                                                        nginx app protect                                                                        nginx ingress controller                                                                        nginx service mesh                                                                        nginx unit                                                                        nginx amplify                                                                        f5 dns cloud services.
nginx controller.
nginx plus.
nginx open source.
nginx app protect.
nginx ingress controller.
nginx service mesh.
nginx unit.
nginx amplify.
f5 dns cloud services.
silverline managed services                                                                 view all silverline managed services                                                                        silverline web application firewall                                                                        silverline ddos protection                                                                        silverline shape defense.
view all silverline managed services                                                                        silverline web application firewall                                                                        silverline ddos protection                                                                        silverline shape defense.
silverline web application firewall.
silverline ddos protection.
silverline shape defense.
partnerspartnersexplore f5 partnersexplore f5 partners                                            f5 partner program overview                                                find a reseller partner                                                technology alliancespartner programs and resourcesview all partner programs and resources                                            view all partner programs and resources                                                f5 partner programs                                                partner central.
explore f5 partnersexplore f5 partners.
f5 partner program overview.
find a reseller partner.
technology alliances.
partner programs and resourcesview all partner programs and resources.
view all partner programs and resources.
f5 partner programs.
partner central.
resourcesresourcesdocumentation                                                        all documentation resources                                                                api documentation                                                                deployment best practices                                                                deployment guides                                                                glossary                                                                infographics                                                                kb articles                                                                product certifications                                                                product datasheets                                                                product documentation                                                                reference architecture                                                                reports                                                                solution profiles                                                                visio stencils                                                                white paperseducation                                                        free online courses                                                        training                                                        professional certification                                                        webinars                                            customer case studies.
documentation                                                        all documentation resources                                                                api documentation                                                                deployment best practices                                                                deployment guides                                                                glossary                                                                infographics                                                                kb articles                                                                product certifications                                                                product datasheets                                                                product documentation                                                                reference architecture                                                                reports                                                                solution profiles                                                                visio stencils                                                                white papers.
all documentation resources                                                                api documentation                                                                deployment best practices                                                                deployment guides                                                                glossary                                                                infographics                                                                kb articles                                                                product certifications                                                                product datasheets                                                                product documentation                                                                reference architecture                                                                reports                                                                solution profiles                                                                visio stencils                                                                white papers.
api documentation.
deployment best practices.
deployment guides.
glossary.
infographics.
kb articles.
product certifications.
product datasheets.
product documentation.
reference architecture.
reports.
solution profiles.
visio stencils.
white papers.
education                                                        free online courses                                                        training                                                        professional certification                                                        webinars.
free online courses.
training.
professional certification.
webinars.
customer case studies.
supportsupport                                            f5 support                                                    support portal                                                    professional services                                                    activate registration keys                                                    bug tracker                                                    create a service request                                                    software downloadssupport communitiesall support communities                                            all support communities                                                customer engagement centers                                                f5 labs                                                devcentral.
f5 support                                                    support portal                                                    professional services                                                    activate registration keys                                                    bug tracker                                                    create a service request                                                    software downloads.
support portal.
professional services.
activate registration keys.
bug tracker.
create a service request.
software downloads.
support communitiesall support communities.
all support communities.
customer engagement centers.
f5 labs.
devcentral.
companycompanycompany overviewabout f5                                            about f5                                                our vision                                                leadership                                                diversity & inclusion                                                f5 global good                                                careers                                                contact information                                                investor relationsnews & eventsf5 newsroom                                            f5 newsroom                                                blog                                                press releases                                                events                                                features                                                awards                                                press kit.
company overviewabout f5.
about f5.
our vision.
leadership.
diversity & inclusion.
f5 global good.
careers.
contact information.
investor relations.
news & eventsf5 newsroom.
f5 newsroom.
blog.
press releases.
events.
features.
awards.
press kit.
get f5get f5get f5get f5 overview                                            get f5 overview                                                free product trials                                                professional services                                                enterprise license agreement                                                perpetual licensing (gbb)                                                subscription.
get f5get f5 overview.
get f5 overview.
free product trials.
professional services.
enterprise license agreement.
perpetual licensing (gbb).
subscription.
f5 sitessupport portaldevcentralmyf5partner centrallearnf5.
support portal.
devcentral.
myf5.
partner central.
learnf5.
contact f5contact f5 salescontact f5 supportcontact professional services.
contact f5 sales.
contact f5 support.
contact professional services.
en                                en                                                                    de                                                                            es                                                                            fr                                                                            中文                                                                            日本語.
en.
de.
es.
fr.
中文.
日本語.
privacy notice.
published on.
23 may 2018 last updated on.
15 february 2022.
this is the privacy notice for the f5 and nginx brands.
it explains the way that f5, inc.
and its affiliates (collectively "f5") handle information about you that is collected in the contexts described below.
management of our customer relationships, including through accounts you set up with f5.
sales, including our sale of products through resellers, distributors, partners, and third-party marketplaces.
our certification programs.
our training programs, including f5 university.
our events.
our marketing and advertising programs.
our investor relations.
management of our websites and apps in relation to any of the above.
under the eu general data protection regulation (“gdpr”) and other similar laws, f5 is considered a “controller” of that data because f5 determines how that data will be handled.
f5, inc.
is typically the primary controller within the f5 group of companies.
this privacy notice also applies to personal data f5 receives in the context of providing its services (the “services”).
for many services, f5 acts only as a “processor” (not a controller) with respect to the personal data it collects through the service.
this means that f5 handles the personal data solely pursuant to the relevant customer’s instructions, unless legally required to do otherwise.
the service-specific privacy statements below explain f5’s role as a controller or processor with respect to particular services and provide additional privacy information.
application security cloud and bot protect services privacy statement.
beacon cloud service privacy statement.
big-ip & services privacy statement.
blackfish privacy statement.
application traffic insight privacy statement.
dns cloud service privacy statement.
dns load balancer cloud service privacy statement.
essential app protect privacy statement.
leaked credential check privacy statement.
nginx for azure privacy statement.
nginx privacy statement.
traffix privacy statement.
distributed cloud account protection privacy statement.
silverline shape defense privacy statement.
distributed cloud bot defense (managed service) privacy statement.
f5 distributed cloud bot defense (self-service) privacy statement.
silverline privacy statement.
distributed cloud waap privacy statement.
distributed cloud authentication intelligence privacy statement.
aspen mesh privacy statement.
distributed cloud client-side defense privacy statement.
threat stack privacy statement.
distributed cloud account protect elements privacy statement.
1.
what types of personal data does f5 collect.
we collect, store, and use the following categories of personal data.
contact details and professional details, such as name, email address, phone number, title, and employer's name.
information about our users' experiences with f5 products, services, events, webinars, and online forums and communities, such as devcentral.
contact information derived from interactions with f5 by our actual or prospective customers’ employees (e.
g.
, interactions with customer service).
information about actual or prospective users' interests.
payment information for purchases with f5.
audio and visual information, such as cctv footage and recordings of some calls, meetings and events.
additional details about certification candidates, including.
identity documents and other personal data collected solely to authenticate the candidate's identity and for test security (such as photographs, fingerprints, or palm vein scans).
personal data submitted for test accommodations (such as information about health or language concerns).
test results.
identity documents and other personal data collected solely to authenticate the candidate's identity and for test security (such as photographs, fingerprints, or palm vein scans).
personal data submitted for test accommodations (such as information about health or language concerns).
test results.
other personal data collected in connection with our services, as described in the relevant service-specific privacy statement.
we obtain personal data directly from you or your employer.
from third-party sources such as our unity partners (which include resellers and distributors).
third-party marketplaces where our products are offered (such as aws and google cloud platform).
data brokers (such as dun & bradstreet).
marketing companies.
referrals from customers, and users.
and from publicly available sources such as company websites and linkedin.
through some services, we obtain personal data from our customers, or from individuals who interact with our customers or their online properties.
in some cases, f5 collects personal data through the technology described in section 7 below.
2.
how does f5 use and share personal data with others.
f5 uses and shares personal data for the following purposes.
to analyze, improve, and develop f5 products and services.
to provide our products, services, events, websites, communities, training, and other business offerings.
to process payments.
to manage our relationships with customers, partners, resellers, distributors, event attendees, investors, and others (which may involve sharing personal data with them).
for marketing, advertising, and other communications (including customizing those communications for specific recipients).
to provide a third party (such as an employer) with confirmation or denial of an individual's claimed certification status.
for surveys and other market research.
for security, it management, and related research.
to enforce the legal terms that govern our business and commercial relationships (for example, we may share personal information with the opposing party, judge or arbitrator in a dispute).
to provide security and business continuity.
to follow the law, or in other cases where we believe that using or disclosing the data is appropriate to protect the rights, safety, and property of f5 or others (for example, when required to make disclosures in response to lawful requests by public authorities, such as to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
for an actual or contemplated business sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, or reorganization, or due diligence in anticipation of such an event (for example, if a company were to acquire f5, it may also acquire the personal data we hold).
for other purposes requested or permitted by our customers or users.
for those purposes, we may share personal data with, for example.
our affiliates.
our customers.
third parties that assist us, such as our unity partners, event providers, payment processors, marketing providers, testing providers, analytics providers, providers of technical services (e.
g.
, providers of data storage, data backup, and crm systems), and other subcontractors.
joint marketing partners.
security researchers.
employers and others who seek verification of an individual’s claimed certification status.
entities involved in dispute resolution (such as an arbitrator or an opposing party).
entities involved in potential or actual significant corporate transactions or events (such as those described in the second-to-last item in the list of uses and disclosures above).
governmental entities.
these uses and disclosures are also subject to our contractual obligations.
3.
what are the legal reasons f5 can do this.
the laws in some jurisdictions require data controllers to tell you about the legal grounds that allow them to use or disclose your personal data.
where those laws apply, our legal grounds are.
legitimate interests.
we handle personal data because it furthers the legitimate interests of f5 (or of our customers, business partners, or suppliers) in business activities such as the ones listed below, and because that handling of data does not unduly impact your interests, rights, and freedoms.
providing cybersecurity and managing information technology assets protecting business activities, individuals, and propertyproviding customer servicemarketing and advertising (including sending certain direct marketing)analyzing and improving business activitiesmanaging risks and legal issues.
providing cybersecurity and managing information technology assets.
protecting business activities, individuals, and property.
providing customer service.
marketing and advertising (including sending certain direct marketing).
analyzing and improving business activities.
managing risks and legal issues.
to honor our contractual commitments to the individual.
some of our handling of personal data is necessary to meet our contractual obligations to individuals, or to take steps at the person's request because we are planning to enter into a contract with him/her.
for example, when we process an individual’s payment data for a certification examination, we are relying on this basis.
consent.
if the law requires consent, and in some other cases, we handle personal data on the basis of consent.
for example, we conduct some of our direct marketing on the basis of consent.
if the law requires explicit consent, we use personal data on that basis.
if the law allows, we may be able to infer consent from the circumstances.
if the law requires consent, and in some other cases, we handle personal data on the basis of consent.
for example, we conduct some of our direct marketing on the basis of consent.
if the law requires explicit consent, we use personal data on that basis.
if the law allows, we may be able to infer consent from the circumstances.
legal compliance.
we sometimes need to use and disclose personal data to comply with our legal obligations.
legal claims.
sometimes we use or disclose personal data because it is necessary to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims.
4.
what personal data rights and choices (including direct marketing opt-out) are available.
for personal data that we collect through our services, the privacy statement for each service has instructions for how you can exercise your legal rights with respect to such data.
where we process such data solely on behalf of a customer, those instructions typically will indicate that you should contact the customer to exercise those rights.
in those cases, if you contact f5 instead, we normally will refer your request to the relevant customer (if we know who that is) and will cooperate with that customer’s handling of the request, subject to any special contractual arrangement with that customer.
for other personal data (including certain personal data we collect through some of our services), we offer the options below for exercising your rights and choices about how we use your personal data.
many of these are subject to important limits or exceptions under applicable laws and, where applicable, the eu-u.
s.
and swiss-u.
s.
privacy shield frameworks (“privacy shield”).
you may review and update certain information by logging into the relevant f5 websites or online services.
the law of your jurisdiction (for example, within the united kingdom and european economic area) may give you additional rights to request access to, correction of, or deletion of certain personal data we store.
in some cases, you may be entitled to receive a copy of the personal data you provided to us in portable form or to request that we share it with a third party.
the law may also give you the right to request restrictions on the use of your personal data, to object to our use of your personal data, or to withdraw your consent to use your personal data (which will not affect the legality of any processing that happened before your request takes effect).
section 13 below explains how to make these requests.
for example, people who live in the united kingdom or european economic area (and certain other people) have the right to opt out of our use of personal data for direct marketing.
they can exercise their rights to opt out, or to object to other processing, by contacting us as described below.
for example, people who live in the united kingdom or european economic area (and certain other people) have the right to opt out of our use of personal data for direct marketing.
they can exercise their rights to opt out, or to object to other processing, by contacting us as described below.
our marketing email messages, and certain other communications include instructions about how to unsubscribe, which you can use to limit or stop those communications.
opt-out processes may take some time to complete, but we will work to meet your request as quickly as possible.
you cannot opt out of certain communications (such as billing-related communications or emergency service messages).
you can exercise opt-out rights, object, or withdraw consent in relation to our use of certain cookies and certain similar technologies as described in section 7 below.
for information about californians’ privacy rights under california law, please see section 11 below.
you may contact us with any concerns or complaints regarding our privacy practices, and you also may submit a complaint to the relevant governmental authority.
(individuals whose personal data we receive under our privacy shield certification also may file a privacy shield-related complaint, as described in the privacy shield section below.
).
for your protection, we will only implement requests with respect to personal data after we have verified your identity to our satisfaction, taking into consideration the nature of your request.
5.
does the personal data go to other countries.
we are a global company with headquarters in the united states, and the f5 affiliates and third parties with whom we share the personal data as described in this privacy notice are located in the united states and elsewhere in the world, including countries where privacy laws may not provide as much protection as your country.
your personal information may be subject to disclosure to the governments, courts or law enforcement or regulatory agencies of these or other countries, pursuant to the laws of such countries.
f5 complies with legal requirements for protecting the movement of data across borders, including through the use of european commission-approved standard contractual clauses.
please note that our customers may transfer personal data to f5 on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the european commission and other relevant authorities for transferring data across borders, such as standard contractual clauses.
if you wish to exercise a right to see copies of the mechanisms that f5 uses to transfer data to third parties, please contact us.
finally, certain f5 services allow our customers and users to transfer data to third parties.
those customers and users are solely responsible for those transfers.
6.
how does f5, inc.
’s privacy shield certification protect my data.
as a business subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the united states federal trade commission, f5, inc.
has certified it adheres to the privacy shield principles with respect to the personal data that f5, inc.
receives in reliance on the privacy shield.
we continue to honor our commitments with respect to personal data received under our certification.
this certification is limited to personal data that meets all of the following conditions.
(i) f5, inc.
receives the data in the u.
s.
from a transfer from the united kingdom, european economic area or switzerland, (ii) f5, inc.
receives the personal data via a service, and (iii) the service-specific privacy statement indicates that f5’s privacy shield commitment applies to that service.
we recognize that the court of justice of the european union ruled in july 2020 that a certification under the eu-u.
s.
privacy shield framework no longer can serve as the basis by which entities subject to the gdpr export personal data to the united states.
as affected customers who relied only on our eu-u.
s.
privacy shield certification transition to standard contractual clauses and other safeguards, we continue to honor our legal obligation to comply with the privacy shield.
f5, inc.
’s privacy shield certification is available at   to learn more about the privacy shield program, please visit   when f5, inc.
receives personal data under the privacy shield and then transfers it to a third-party service provider acting as an agent on f5, inc.
’s behalf, f5, inc.
may have certain responsibility under the privacy shield if both (i) the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the privacy shield and (ii) f5, inc.
is responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
covered individuals should direct any questions, concerns or complaints regarding f5, inc.
’s compliance with the privacy shield to us as described at the bottom of this policy.
we will attempt to answer your questions and satisfy your concerns as soon as possible.
if, after discussing the matter with us, your issue or complaint is not resolved, we have agreed to participate in a privacy shield dispute resolution mechanism operated by jams, free of charge to you.
to file a complaint with jams, you can visit  but please contact us first.
if your complaint still is not resolved through those channels, under limited circumstances, an additional binding arbitration option may be available before a privacy shield panel, as described at .
7.
does f5 use cookies and similar technology.
in our websites, apps, and emails, we and third parties may collect certain information by automated means such as cookies, web beacons, javascript, mobile-device functionality and other computer code.
this information may include unique browser identifiers, ip address, browser and operating system information, device identifiers (such as the apple idfa or android advertising id), geolocation, other device information, internet connection information, as well as details about your interactions with our apps, websites, and emails (for example, the url of the third-party website from which you came, the pages on our website that you visit, and the links you click on in our websites).
we and third parties may use these automated means to read or write information on your devices, such as in various types of cookies and other browser-based or plugin-based local storage (such as html5 storage or flash-based storage), or to collect pieces of information that together may uniquely identify your device.
cookies and local storage are files that contain data, such as unique identifiers, that we or a third party may transfer to or read from your devices for the purposes described in this privacy notice, such as to recognize the devices, to improve your use of our website and services, for cybersecurity, to prevent fraud, to provide services, and for record-keeping, analytics, and marketing, depending on the context of collection.
these technologies help us.
keep track of whether you are signed in or have previously signed in so that we can display all the features that are available to you.
remember your settings on the pages you visit so that we can display your preferred content the next time you visit.
display personalized content.
perform analytics, measure traffic and usage trends, and better understand the demographics of our users.
review and analyze user journeys on our websites and apps, such as how users engage with, linger on, navigate, and scroll through our services during a visit.
diagnose and fix technology problems.
plan for and enhance our business.
also, in some cases, we assist with the collection of information by advertising services provided by third parties.
the ad services may track your online activities over time by collecting information through automated means such as cookies, and they may use this information to show you ads that are tailored to your individual interests or characteristics and/or based on your prior visits to certain sites or apps, or other information we or they know, infer, or have collected from the users like you.
for example, we and these services may use different types of cookies, other automated technology, and data to.
recognize users and their devices.
inform, optimize, and serve ads.
report on our ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services (including how they are related to visits to specific sites or apps).
by clicking on the cookie hyperlink in the footer of participating f5 websites, you can launch a consent tool to adjust your preferences about how certain cookies and certain similar technologies are used in f5 websites that hyperlink to that same preferences tool from their footer.
you should repeat this process with each browser you use to visit those websites.
this is the best way to control cookies on the sites that offer this option.
analytics opt-outs.
you can opt out of google analytics and customize google display network ads by using the google ads settings page from each browser.
google also allows you to install a google analytics opt-out browser add-on for most browsers.
nginx.
com users who want to revoke their consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies for analytics purposes also should, in each of their browsers, (i) follow the instructions on the opt-out pages for brightfunnel and adobe analytics, and (ii) click on the following two links, which will load the home page of nginx.
com while deactivating nginx.
com’s use of the following analytics services for your browser.
bizible and marketo.
to learn more about interest-based advertising generally, or to use a different method to opt out of targeted, interest-based ads by some of our current ad service partners, visit aboutads.
info/choices or youronlinechoices.
eu from each browser you use.
in addition, you may be able to set your web browser to refuse certain types of cookies, or to alert you when certain types of cookies are being sent.
some browsers offer similar settings for html5 local storage, and flash storage can be managed as described here.
however, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, local storage, javascript or other technologies, certain websites (including some of our own websites) may not function properly.
if you replace, change, or upgrade your browser, or delete your cookies, you may need to use these opt-out tools again.
please visit your mobile device manufacturer's website (or the website for its operating system) for instructions on any additional privacy controls in your mobile operating system, such as privacy settings for device identifiers and geolocation.
please note, however, that we do not respond to browser-based privacy signals (such as do-not-track) at this time.
8.
how long does f5 store personal data.
we will retain personal data as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless the law requires us to keep it for a longer period of time.
to provide security and business continuity for the activities described in this privacy notice, we make backups of certain data, which we may retain for longer than the original data.
9.
what about security.
to help protect personal data, we have put in place physical, technical, and administrative safeguards.
however, we cannot assure you that data that we collect will never be used or disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy notice.
10.
what about other kinds of data.
if the law and our contractual obligations allow, we may aggregate or de-identify your personal data so that the information cannot be linked to you and is no longer personal data.
our use and disclosure of non-personal data is not subject to this privacy notice, and we may use or disclose it for any reason permitted by law.
11.
additional detail for california residents.
this section 11 applies only to “personal information” about california residents, as that term is defined in the california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”), and it supplements the information in the rest of our privacy notice above.
data about individuals who are not residents of california is handled differently and is not subject to the same rights described in this section.
the provisions of this section does not apply to data that f5 handles in its capacity as a processor, even when such data is about a resident of california, or to other data or activities that are not subject to the relevant provisions of the ccpa.
collection, use, and disclosure of california personal information.
during the 12 months leading up to the effective date of this privacy notice, f5 collected all of the information described in sections 1 and 7 of our privacy notice, and in our service-specific privacy statements, from and about california residents.
you should refer to those locations for more detail, but this information generally falls into the categories listed in the chart below, to the extent it is personally identifiable.
the chart also indicates the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed the data during the 12 months leading up to the effective date of this privacy notice.
ccpa classification, and explanation, of the california personal information we collected.
categories of third parties to whom we disclosed it.
identifiers (such as name, address, email address and other contact information).
our affiliates.
our customers.
third parties that assist us, such as our unity partners, event providers, payment processors, marketing providers, testing providers, analytics providers, providers of technical services (e.
g.
, providers of data storage, data backup, and crm systems), and other subcontractors.
joint marketing partners.
security researchers.
employers and others who seek verification of an individual’s claimed certification status.
entities involved in dispute resolution (such as an arbitrator or an opposing party).
entities involved in potential or actual significant corporate transactions or events.
governmental entities.
commercial information (such as information about an individual’s interests and interactions with f5, our partners, or our customers, including transaction data).
same as first row in this chart.
financial data (such as payment information).
same as first row in this chart.
categories of personal information described in california civil code section 1798.
80(e) (such as health information collected from some certification candidates who request an accommodation).
affiliates, testing providers, providers of technical services (e.
g.
, providers of data storage, data backup), other subcontractors, and governmental entities.
audio and visual information (such as cctv images or recordings of calls or meetings).
same as first row in this chart.
biometric information (such as photographs and palm vein prints collected from certification candidates for identity verification and test security).
affiliates, testing providers, providers of technical services (e.
g.
, providers of data storage, data backup), other subcontractors, and governmental entities.
internet or other network or device activity (such as ip addresses, device identifiers, cookie data, device attributes, device usage information, browsing information, metadata, and other information described in section 7 of our privacy notice or service-specific privacy statements).
same as first row in this chart.
geolocation information.
same as first row in this chart.
professional or employment related data (such as title).
same as first row in this chart.
other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with an individual.
same as first row in this chart.
inferences drawn from any of the above.
same as first row in this chart.
during the 12 months leading up to the effective date of this privacy notice, we “sold” (as that term is defined under the ccpa), what the ccpa calls “identifiers” (like ip addresses), “internet or other electronic network activity information” (like information regarding an individual’s browsing interactions on a website), and “commercial information” (like the fact that a browser visited a page directed to people who are considering purchasing from us) to third parties that assist us, such as marketing providers and analytics providers.
this practice continues today.
to our knowledge, we do not “sell” the personal information of individuals under 16 years of age.
ccpa right to opt out of “sale” of personal information.
californians have a right to ask us not to “sell” certain personal information as that term is defined in under the ccpa.
you can make such a request by performing all of the following steps.
use our ccpa dsr portal to make a “do not sell my information” request or leave a voicemail with such request at +1 (844) 311-6885.
and.
if you’d like your request to include ccpa “sales” that happen through cookies and related technology, follow the steps below that are applicable to your use of our websites.
if you use f5.
com, or other f5 websites that have a “cookie preferences” hyperlink in the footer, click on that link, click “no” for functional cookies and for advertising cookies, click the submit preferences button, and then repeat this process from each device and browser that you use to access those websites.
if you use nginx.
com, click the “cookie choices” link in the footer of nginx.
com, click “learn more and adjust your preferences” inside the consent tool that pops up, make sure the box for social media and advertising cookies is unchecked, hit accept, follow these additional instructions in this privacy notice to opt out of the use of cookies for analytics on nginx.
com, and then repeat this process from each device and browser that you use to access nginx.
com.
additional control options (which should be used for f5 websites that don’t have a cookie link on their footer) are described in section 7 of our privacy notice.
if you use f5.
com, or other f5 websites that have a “cookie preferences” hyperlink in the footer, click on that link, click “no” for functional cookies and for advertising cookies, click the submit preferences button, and then repeat this process from each device and browser that you use to access those websites.
if you use nginx.
com, click the “cookie choices” link in the footer of nginx.
com, click “learn more and adjust your preferences” inside the consent tool that pops up, make sure the box for social media and advertising cookies is unchecked, hit accept, follow these additional instructions in this privacy notice to opt out of the use of cookies for analytics on nginx.
com, and then repeat this process from each device and browser that you use to access nginx.
com.
additional control options (which should be used for f5 websites that don’t have a cookie link on their footer) are described in section 7 of our privacy notice.
ccpa right to access or delete personal information.
if you are a california resident, california law also may permit you to request that we.
provide you the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you in the last twelve months.
the categories of sources of such information.
the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information.
and the categories of third parties with whom we shared personal information.
provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you.
delete certain information we have about you.
certain information is exempt from such requests under applicable law.
to request to exercise any of these rights and receive the fastest response, please use our ccpa dsr portal or leave a voicemail with such request at +1 (844) 311-6885.
for security and legal reasons, f5 will not accept requests that require us to access third-party websites or services.
we reserve the right to take steps verify your identity to our satisfaction before responding to your request, which may include, depending the type of request you are making, the sensitivity of any data you are requesting, and the nature of your relationship with us.
verifying your name, asking you to click on a link that we send to your email address, requesting that you login to an account you maintain with us, or requesting that you provide us with information about our relationship that only you are likely to have.
you also may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you (if any).
you also have certain rights under the ccpa not to be subject to certain negative consequences for exercising ccpa rights.
requests made by agents.
if you are an agent making a request on behalf of a consumer, we reserve the right to take steps to verify that you are authorized to make that request, which may include requiring you to provide us with written proof such as a notarized authentication letter or a power of attorney.
we also may require the consumer to verify their identity directly with us.
because opt-out requests for sales made through cookies and related technology must be performed from each browser that is used to access our services, it is easiest for the consumer to perform such opt-outs themselves.
however, if a consumer wishes for an agent to perform browser-based requests on their behalf, the consumer may arrange for the agent to use the consumer’s browser to make such requests.
we are not responsible for the security risks of this or any other arrangements that a consumer may have with an agent.
for clarity, this is not permission for any user to share their login credentials with an agent or any third party.
such sharing is prohibited and is not required for an agent to make requests under this privacy policy.
12.
what happens when this privacy notice changes.
f5 may change this privacy notice at any time, including to reflect changes in the law or our data practices.
any updated privacy notice will be accessible from the footer of f5.
com or another convenient location.
13.
how to contact us.
to request to exercise your data protection rights under the gdpr or other laws (beside the ccpa), please visit the general dsr portal.
for ccpa requests only for california residents, please visit the ccpa dsr portal.
alternatively, you can make your ccpa request via voicemail at the following number.
+1 (844) 311-6885.
no other requests are accepted at that number.
for security and legal reasons, f5 reserves the right to deny requests that require us to access third-party websites or services.
if you have any other request, question, or complaint regarding your personal data or this privacy notice, please complete the form below or.
f5, inc.
attn.
privacy office801 5th aveseattle, washington 98104united states.
main european office.
f5 networks limitedattn.
privacy officechertsey gate west43-47 london streetchertseysurreykt16 8apunited kingdom.
data protection officer.
dr.
felix witternfieldfisheram sandtorkai 6820457 .
contact the f5 privacy team.
thank you.
your inquiry has been received.
secure and deliver extraordinary digital experiences.
f5’s portfolio of automation, security, performance, and insight capabilities empowers our customers to create, secure, and operate adaptive applications that reduce costs, improve operations, and better protect users.
learn more ›.
what we offer.
free trials.
products.
solutions.
resources.
product documentation.
white papers.
glossary.
customer stories.
webinars.
free online courses.
f5 certification.
learnf5 training.
support.
manage subscriptions.
support portal.
professional services.
create a service request.
software downloads.
partners.
find a reseller partner.
technology alliances.
become an f5 partner.
login to partner central.
company.
contact information.
careers.
diversity & inclusion.
investor relations.
blog.
events.
newsroom.
f5 nginx.
threat stack.
connect with us.
connect with us.
twitter.
linkedin.
facebook.
instagram.
youtube.
devcentral.
©2022 f5, inc.
all rights reserved.
trademarks.
policies.
privacy.
california privacy.
do not sell my personal information.
