+1 (888) 480-1227.
productsindustrial iot platformsmart mom / mesasset health managementair pollution monitoring.
industrial iot platform.
smart mom / mes.
asset health management.
air pollution monitoring.
services and support.
careers.
aboutcompanyteamour cultureacademy.
company.
team.
our culture.
academy.
contact us.
productsindustrial iot platformsmart mom / mesasset health managementair pollution monitoring.
industrial iot platform.
smart mom / mes.
asset health management.
air pollution monitoring.
services and support.
careers.
aboutcompanyteamour cultureacademy.
company.
team.
our culture.
academy.
contact us.
iot is the most complex technology which might lead into failure.
we are experts dedicated ourselves for the success of our customers.
your iot partner.
contact us.
americas.
factana computing inc.
4320 winfield road, cornerstone cantera, suite 200, warrenville,  illinois, 60555.
usa.
asia.
factana computing pvt ltd.
376, left wing of 2nd floor,14th b cross, 5th main rd,sector 6, hsr layout,bengaluru, karnataka 560102,india.
+1 (888) 480-1227.
privacy policy.
home.
privacy policy.
who we are.
our website address is.
.
factana understands the fundamental importance of privacy, data protection, and security.
we take your privacy seriously and are committed to safeguarding your personal data.
this policy applies to factana company as well as factana websites, domains, services, applications, and products.
this privacy policy does not apply to any third-party websites, products, services or applications, even if they are accessible through our services.
also, please note that, unless we define a term in this privacy policy, all capitalized terms used in this privacy policy have the same meanings as in our terms of service.
so, please make sure that you read and understand our terms of service.
revisions to this privacy policy.
any information that is collected via our services is covered by the privacy policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
we may revise this privacy policy from time to time.
if we make any material changes to this privacy policy, we’ll notify you of those changes by posting them on the services or by sending you an email or other notification, and we’ll update the “last updated date” above to indicate when those changes will become effective.
collection and use of information.
information collected or received from you.
when you interact with us, we collect and process personal data from your online activity, your use of devices, products or services.
this data can be used to help you set up an account, deliver products or services to you or improve the way we or our products work with you.
our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our services, to administer your use of the services (including your account, if you are an account holder), and to enable you to enjoy and easily navigate our services.
account information.
we collect certain information when you create an account, that can be used to identify you, such as your name, email address, company name and phone or mobile number (“pii”).
if you create an account using your login credentials from one of third-party accounts, we’ll be able to access and collect your name, email address, phone number and other pii that your privacy settings on the third-party account permit us to access.
if you create an account through the site or one of third-party accounts, we may also collect your gender, date of birth, zip code and other information that is not considered pii because it cannot be used by itself to identify you.
like many other website owners and operators, we use automated data collection tools such as cookies and web beacons to collect certain information.
we required this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for internal record keeping or we may use the information to improve our products and services.
from time to time, we may contact you via email, mail and phone number for marketing research aspect.
to contact you via email, phone or text message, to deliver certain services or information you have requested via our product and services.
cookies.
cookies are text files that are placed on your hard drive by a web server when you access our services.
both session cookies and persistent cookies may be used to identify that you’ve logged in to the services and to inform us how and when you interact with our products or services.
although most browsers automatically accept cookies, you can change your browser options to stop automatically accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting cookies.
please note, however, that if you don’t accept cookies, you may not be able to access all portions or features of the services.
web beacons.
web beacons (also known as web bugs, pixel tags or clear gifs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that may be included on our services for several purposes, including to deliver or communicate with cookies, to track and measure the performance of our services, to monitor how many visitors view our services, and to monitor the effectiveness of our advertising.
unlike cookies, which are stored on the user’s hard drive, web beacons are typically embedded invisibly on web pages (or in an e-mail).
information related to use of the products and services.
our servers consequently record certain data about how an individual uses our products and services (we refer to this data as “log data”), including both account holders and non-account holders (either, a “client”).
log data may include information such as a user’s internet protocol (ip) address, browser type, operating system, the web page that a user was visiting before accessing our services, the pages or features of our products and services to which a user browsed and the time spent on those pages or features, search terms, the links on our services that a user clicked on and other statistics.
we use log data to administer the services and we analyze (and may engage third parties to analyze) log data to improve, customize and enhance our products and services by expanding their features and functionality and tailoring them to our users’ needs and preferences.
we may use a person’s ip address to generate aggregate, non-identifying information about how our products and services are used.
information sent by your mobile device.
we collect information that your mobile device remit when you use our product and services, like a device identifier, user settings and the operating system of your device, as well as information about your use of our services.
location information.
while using our product and services, we may collect and store information about your location by converting your address into a rough geo-location or coarse location if you enable location services on your device.
we may use location information to improve and personalize our services for you.
information that we share with third parties.
we will not share any pii that we have collected from or regarding you except as described below.
information shared with our services providers.
we may engage with third-party services providers to work with us to administer and provide the services.
these third-party services providers have access to your pii only for the purpose of performing services on our behalf.
information shared with third parties.
we may share aggregated information and non-identifying information with third parties for industry research and analysis, demographic profiling and other similar purposes.
we may share aggregated information and non-identifying information with third parties for industry research and analysis, demographic profiling and other similar purposes.
we utilize google analytics, a service provided by google, inc.
that we use to gather information about how users engage with our site and services.
for more information about google analytics, please visit .
information disclosed in connection with business transactions.
information that we collect from our users, including pii, is considered to be a business asset.
thus, if we are acquired by a third party as a result of a transaction such as a merger, acquisition or asset sale or if our assets are acquired by a third party in the event we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, some or all of our assets, including your pii, may be disclosed or transferred to a third party acquirer in connection with the transaction.
information disclosed for our protection and the protection of others.
we cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law.
we may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate.
(i) to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas).
(ii) to protect our property, rights and safety and the property, rights and safety of a third party or the public in general.
and (iii) to stop any activity that we consider illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.
your choices.
we offer you choices regarding the collection, use and sharing of your pii and we’ll respect the choices you make.
please note that if you decide not to provide us with the pii that we request, you may not be able to access all the features of the products and services.
unsubscribe.
we may send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote our services.
when you receive such promotional communications from us, you will have the opportunity to “unsubscribe” (either through your account or by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive).
we do need to send you certain communications regarding the services and you will not be able to opt out of those communications – e.
g.
, communications regarding updates to our terms of service or this privacy policy or information about billing.
modifying your information.
you can access and modify the pii associated with your account by logging in to your factana account.
if you want us to delete your pii and your account, please contact us at our email info(at)factana.
com with your request.
we’ll take steps to delete your information as soon we can, but some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law.
responding to do not track signals.
our site does not have the capability to respond to “do not track” signals received from various web browsers.
the security of your information.
we take reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect the information that we collect from or about you (including your pii) from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the internet or storing information is completely secure.
accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.
links to other sites.
our services may contain links to websites and services that are owned or operated by third parties (each, a “third-party service”).
any information that you provide on or to a third-party service or that is collected by a third-party service is provided directly to the owner or operator of the third-party service and is subject to the owner’s or operator’s privacy policy.
we’re not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of any third-party service.
to protect your information, we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of all third-party services that you access.
international transfer.
your pii may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.
if you’re located outside the united states and choose to provide your pii to us, we may transfer your pii to india and process it there.
our policy toward children.
our services are not directed to children under 13 and we do not knowingly collect pii from children under 13.
if we learn that we have collected pii of a child under 13 we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.
questions.
please contact us at our email info(at)factana.
com if you have any questions about our privacy policy.
subscribe to our newsletters.
δ.
who we are.
we are an industry 4.
0 solution provider with mission of helping small and medium enterprises to adopt digital transformation by leveraging industrial iot and artificial intelligence technologies.
fogwing is our industry 4.
0 platform offers industrial iot software, asset management and manufacturing intelligence  solutions for global enterprises.
what we offer.
fogwing iiot software.
fogwing analytics studio.
fogwing asset+.
sfactrix.
ai.
fogwing eco solution.
digital manufacturing.
energy management.
transportation.
about.
company.
services.
team.
careers.
contact us.
privacy policy.
business terms.
india.
factana computing pvt ltd.
bengaluru, karnataka.
ph.
+91 80-43007165.
americas.
factana computing inc.
warrenville, illinois.
ph.
+1 (888) 480-1227.
email.
.
copyright © 2020 factana computing.
all rights reserved.
