main navigation.
aboutour managementour customersdebmed case studyleonardo case studynewsletter.
our management.
our customers.
debmed case study.
leonardo case study.
newsletter.
trainingcourse listcourse calendarbooking formcourse road mapassessments & auditsfasttrackmodern c++ for embedded developmentconsultancy and mentoringwhy choose feabhas.
course list.
course calendar.
booking form.
course road map.
assessments & audits.
fasttrack.
modern c++ for embedded development.
consultancy and mentoring.
why choose feabhas.
blog.
news.
knowledge centre.
contact.
events.
privacy policy.
feabhas and our commitment to your data privacy and protection.
feabhas is committed to protecting the privacy of users of the products, services and websites operated by or on behalf of feabhas.
this policy explains how feabhas collects, uses and safeguards personal data that you provide or which is generated by us when you use any feabhas product, service or website.
it applies to feabhas and any subsidiaries, for which feabhas is a data controller.
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at our correspondence address.
feabhas ltd, attn gdpr, po box 4259, marlborough, sn8 9fj, united kingdom.
alternatively, you may email us at .
in this privacy policy, “personal data” is any personal information which on its own or when combined with other information relates to and identifies a living individual.
personal data we collect.
information provided by you.
if you sign up for any of our products or services or make an enquiry using our website, you provide certain information to us in order to set up and maintain an account with us (“account data”).
this may include information such as your name, job title, company, mailing address, email address and phone numbers.
feabhas also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your area or post code, as well as information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by feabhas.
this information can include.
your ip address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses.
this information is used by feabhas for the operation of the service and to provide general statistics regarding use of the feabhas website.
feabhas is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of feabhas.
use of your personal information.
feabhas uses personal data for our legitimate business interests, with your consent, or in order to comply with our legal obligations.
we process personal data for the following purposes.
operating, maintaining and improving our products and services – we use your personal data to operate our business.
this means we use your data to provide a product or service to you, to provide you with technical support, to respond to your questions, to provide further information in respect of products and services you have purchased from us, to determine trends and measure site usage which aids in the design of new products and services, to protect against wrongdoing, and to enforce our website terms and conditions of use and other agreements.
marketing – we use your personal data to provide, administer and communicate with you about products, services, events, surveys and promotions by feabhas, to send you marketing communications, including our e-news.
you have the right to request us to not use your personal data for marketing communications.
you can register or update your preferences at anytime here or by contacting feabhas at or writing to us at our correspondence address (at the bottom of this statement).
you can also opt out of receiving electronic communications by clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link on any such electronic communication or through following the opt-out instructions provided in any marketing communication.
feabhas does not collect or use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
disclosure to third parties.
we consider your information to be a vital part of our relationship with you.
feabhas does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties, including to third-party advertisers.
there are, however, certain circumstances in which we may disclose, transfer or share your personal data with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set out below.
legal requirement.
legal requirement.
feabhas may use or disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to.
(a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on feabhas or the site.
(b) protect and defend the rights or property of feabhas.
and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of feabhas, or the public.
suppliers, consultants and other third parties.
suppliers, consultants and other third parties.
we disclose personal data in the ordinary course of business when we engage suppliers to help provide products and services to you.
for example, we may engage freelance trainers, courier delivery providers, marketing agencies, database service providers, backup and disaster recovery service providers, email service providers and others.
we provide personal data to third parties solely for the purposes of delivering our products and services.
all such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to feabhas, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
we may share aggregated demographic data with our partners or third-party providers.
this data is not linked to any information that can identify any individual person.
for example, feabhas keeps track of the feabhas website and pages our customers visit, in order to determine what feabhas services are the most popular.
business transfer or asset sale.
business transfer or asset sale.
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, or if feabhas, or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, the relevant personal data held by us will be one of the transferred assets.
use of cookies.
the feabhas websites use “cookies” to help you personalise your online experience.
a cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server.
cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
one of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time.
the purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page.
you have the ability to accept or decline cookies.
most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the feabhas services or websites you visit.
data retention.
we keep personal data only for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, to provide you with products or services, for legitimate business interests including audit and forensics purposes, and where required or permitted by law.
please note that even if we delete your personal data it may persist on backup or archival media for an additional period of time.
your rights.
you have the right to access (review, correct, amend or delete) your personal data.
you are responsible for providing feabhas with accurate and complete personal data, and for contacting us if correction of such information is required.
you may contact us at anytime to request a copy of the personal information that we hold for you.
this service is at no charge.
children.
feabhas does not knowingly collect personal data from children.
the definition of child is as defined under data protection legislation.
changes to this privacy policy.
we may revise this privacy policy at any time by amending this page, and where appropriate, by notification on our website.
you should check this page from time to time to review any changes we have made.
effective date.
2 may 2018 copyright (c) 2018 feabhas limited.
contact information.
if you need to contact feabhas, you can email us at or write to us at feabhas ltd, attn gdpr, po box 4259, marlborough, sn8 9fj, united kingdom.
we will use commercially reasonable efforts to respond promptly.
share.
recent news.
feabhas extends course delivery options.
upcoming c embedded programming courses.
face-to-face training.
course finder.
- course category -agile for embeddedprogramming languagesdesign techniquesoperating systemsquality- course name -robust software for embedded systemssoftware modelling with umldeveloping for embedded linux guidelines for writing high integrity software in c (the misra-c.
2012 guidelines)c for real-time embedded developersadvanced c programmingthe value of verification and validationreal-time software design with umlpython for test engineersdeveloping linux device driversc software testing fundamentalsembedded software testing with csystems engineering using sysmlembedded software testing with c++transitioning to modern c++ (c++11/14/17)robust software development modern c++ for embedded systems (c++11/14/17)c++ software testing fundamentalsagile for embedded c agile for embedded c++tdd for embedded c tdd for embedded c++introduction to agilereal-time modern c++ (c++11/14/17)developing for real-time operating systems with freertosdesign patterns in modern c++advanced real-time modern c++ (c++11/14/17)advanced modern c++ for embedded developers (c++11/14/17)real-time design patterns in modern c++migrating to c++20- course code -rb-201oo-302el-503mc-102c-501ac-401t-101oo-504py-404el-504tc-201tc-401se-401tc++-401ac++11-401rbc-201c++11-501tc++-201 aec-401aec++-401tddc-301tddc++-301ae-101c++11-502rtos-301dp11-403ac++11-502ac++11-501dp11-404c++20-301.
latest blog posts.
working with strings in embedded c++.
in this post, by embedded i’m generally referring to deeply embedded/bare-metal systems as opposed to linux-based embedded systems.
embedded systems and strings historically, the need for and thus the use.
tdd in c with ceedling and wsl2 – performance issues.
ceedling is still probably the best test-driven development (tdd) environment for c programmers out there.
but, as with many free open-source software ( foss ), tools getting it to work.
c++20 coroutine iterators.
in my first blog post about c++20 coroutines i introduced the concepts behind a synchronous or generator style coroutine and developed a template class to support coroutines for any data.
signup to receive our newsletter.
please subscribe me.
name.
email.
get the latest technical know-how from feabhas and information on our embedded software training, events, products and services.
we won’t bombard your inbox and you can opt-out at anytime.
privacy policy.
footer menu.
contact.
privacy.
cookies.
social.
linked in.
twitter.
youtube.
feabhas ltd -.
po box 4259, marlborough, sn8 9fj, uk.
