productoverviewcmmsa look at the tools that empower your maintenance teammobilemanage maintenance from anywhere, at any timefeaturesasset managementtrack, control, and optimize asset performancework order managementsimplify the way you create, complete, and record workintegrationsconnect your cmms and share data across any systemanalytics and reportingcollect, analyze, and act on maintenance dataparts and supplies management make sure you have the right parts at the right timefiix foresight featured ai for maintenance.
analyze your data, find trends, and act on them fastfiix app exchange explore the tools that can supercharge your cmms pricing plansenterprisefor optimizing maintenance with advanced data and securityprofessionalfor high-powered work, inventory, and report managementbasicfor planning and tracking maintenance with confidencesee all pricing plans.
overview.
cmmsa look at the tools that empower your maintenance team.
cmms.
mobilemanage maintenance from anywhere, at any time.
mobile.
features.
asset managementtrack, control, and optimize asset performance.
asset management.
work order managementsimplify the way you create, complete, and record work.
work order management.
integrationsconnect your cmms and share data across any system.
integrations.
analytics and reportingcollect, analyze, and act on maintenance data.
analytics and reporting.
parts and supplies management make sure you have the right parts at the right time.
parts and supplies management.
fiix foresight featured ai for maintenance.
analyze your data, find trends, and act on them fast.
fiix foresight featured.
fiix app exchange explore the tools that can supercharge your cmms.
fiix app exchange.
pricing plans.
enterprisefor optimizing maintenance with advanced data and security.
enterprise.
professionalfor high-powered work, inventory, and report management.
professional.
basicfor planning and tracking maintenance with confidence.
basic.
see all pricing plans.
see all pricing plans.
pricing.
supporttraining and implementationlearn how fiix helps you maximize the value of your cmmsthe fiixers communityyour one-stop hub to get help, give help, and spark new ideashelp centerget best practices, helpful videos, and training toolsditch paperwork, spreadsheets, and whiteboards with fiix’s free cmms.
get started with fiix for freeread morecheck out the fiix work order academy, your toolkit for world-class work orders.
take your work orders to the next levelread more.
training and implementationlearn how fiix helps you maximize the value of your cmms.
training and implementation.
the fiixers communityyour one-stop hub to get help, give help, and spark new ideas.
the fiixers community.
help centerget best practices, helpful videos, and training tools.
help center.
ditch paperwork, spreadsheets, and whiteboards with fiix’s free cmms.
get started with fiix for freeread more.
check out the fiix work order academy, your toolkit for world-class work orders.
take your work orders to the next levelread more.
resourcesresource centerget maintenance tips and best practicesebooksdiscover guides full of practical insights and toolscase studiesread how other maintenance teams are using fiixblogget the latest maintenance news, tricks, and techniquespartnersbecome a member of our partner communityfiix reviewssee what people are saying about fiixread how businesses are getting huge roi with fiix in this idc report.
understand the business impact of fiix's maintenance software                        read the reportget 20+ frameworks and checklists for everything from building budgets to doing fmeas.
save hours on admin work with these templates            get your templates.
resource centerget maintenance tips and best practices.
resource center.
ebooksdiscover guides full of practical insights and tools.
ebooks.
case studiesread how other maintenance teams are using fiix.
case studies.
blogget the latest maintenance news, tricks, and techniques.
blog.
partnersbecome a member of our partner community.
partners.
fiix reviewssee what people are saying about fiix.
fiix reviews.
read how businesses are getting huge roi with fiix in this idc report.
understand the business impact of fiix's maintenance software                        read the report.
get 20+ frameworks and checklists for everything from building budgets to doing fmeas.
save hours on admin work with these templates            get your templates.
fiix for enterprise.
login.
free tour.
contact us.
request a demo.
productoverviewcmmsmobilefeaturesasset managementwork order managementparts and supplies managementanalytics and reportingintegrationsfiix foresight featuredfiix app exchange.
overview.
cmms.
mobile.
features.
asset management.
work order management.
parts and supplies management.
analytics and reporting.
integrations.
fiix foresight featured.
fiix app exchange.
pricing.
supporttraining and implementationthe fiixers communityhelp center.
training and implementation.
the fiixers community.
help center.
resourcesresource centerebooksblogcase studiespartnersfiix reviews.
resource center.
ebooks.
blog.
case studies.
partners.
fiix reviews.
fiix for enterprise.
free tour.
request a demo.
contact us.
login.
privacy policy.
what we do at fiix inc.
fiix inc.
is in the business of supplying the industrial and corporate sectors with professional grade software and services for the maintenance management of assets and inventory.
fiix inc cmms runs as a software-as-a-service that securely protects your important information.
the fiix inc.
privacy policy.
fiix inc.
has created this privacy policy in order to set out how we collect, use, and disclose personal information through our website and in the course of providing our cmms software-as-a-service (saas) application and mobile app.
this privacy policy covers the collection, use and disclosure of information about identifiable individuals and information which can be used to identify an individual.
personal information may be collected about visitors to our website, as well as our customers, their end users, and other users who use our mobile app, platform or services.
this privacy policy covers the activities of fiix inc.
only.
this privacy policy does not apply to the practices of legal entities that we do not own or control, including our customers who may use the service to collect the personal information of their employees.
if you submit any personal information to fiix inc.
or the cmms application website, mobile app or services, you are responsible for ensuring that you have obtained the necessary authorizations and consents from the relevant individuals in order to make such personal information available to us for use in accordance with this privacy policy.
we take the privacy of our customers seriously.
we provide transparency on what customer personal data we collect, for which purposes we use it, how we handle it, etc.
this can relate to our marketing and lead generation activities, to webinars and trade shows we organize, to cookies on our website, etc.
this privacy policy is a good resource for anyone that may have privacy related questions for fiix.
in addition, in certain circumstances, customers may require us to sign a contract covering data protection and privacy.
in such cases, please reach out to the fiix privacy officer for support at .
data processing.
definition.
the definition of data processing includes collection, use, protection, retention, disclosure and disposal of personal data.
our company has an obligation to ensure all internal and external data processing complies with privacy laws.
under privacy laws this data processing is interpreted broadly to mean anything and everything that can be done with data concerning individuals.
as technology and business purposes for data processing continue to evolve, we will provide you updates on those activities.
privacy and fiix inc.
vendors.
when we engage with vendors who process the personal data of our employees, contractors or customers, we want to make sure they meet our information security, data protection and privacy expectations.
the fiix information security team takes the necessary steps in this regard, pursuant to fiix inc.
and rockwell automation’s information security policy.
payment information.
when customers purchase our services, a valid credit card number, type, expiration date, name and billing address are collected, stored, used and processed by stripe inc.
, our third-party payment processing company, and not by fiix.
accordingly, the collection, storage, use and processing of your payment information is governed by stripe's applicable terms of service available at  and privacy policy available at .
information security.
fiix inc.
is committed to protecting the security of your information and we train our employees to keep clients' personal information private and confidential.
information is retained in controlled facilities and protected from unauthorized access.
personal information is kept only as long as is reasonably required to provide the services to you in accordance with applicable law.
for more details on how we keep your information safe, please review our security policy.
confidentiality.
your personal information will not be sold, leased or provided to third parties for marketing purposes without your explicit consent.
when we hire other companies to provide services on our behalf, we only provide them with the personal information they need to provide the service (if any).
they are required to keep the information confidential and may not use it for any other purpose.
fiix inc.
data gathering.
like all web servers, the system that runs our website collects data about which ip address accessed which pages.
this information cannot be personally linked to you, and it is used only for product support and security logging.
we use web analytics tracking on the site and this information is not linked to you.
web analytics data is collected to aggregate traffic patterns on the site and allows us to improve the design and the content selection on the site.
data gathering for marketing.
our marketing team uses a system that helps us automate email messaging and marketing.
when you submit an email address or other information into a form on the site, your browsing and actions on the site become linked to this information.
this helps us send you more relevant information to match your interests.
the fiix inc.
cmms and mobile app use cookies to show you our ads on other sites (including google).
this marketing technique is called “remarketing”, and it lets us show you special offers based on your past browsing behavior on this site.
none of the 3rd party sites where the ads appear would be aware that you came from this site.
you can stop this kind of advertising, from us and from others, by going to the following site.
.
data gathering for commercial electronic messages.
fiix provides web visitors with a consent-based method to receive commercial electronic messages (cem), which includes fiix publications, event invitations, company news, product offerings, announcements, and other communications about our products and services.
web visitors must agree to receive cme and will be provided with a clear way to unsubscribe from receiving any further cme should they wish to.
any cme will be identified as coming from fiix and will be provided with the contact information of the sender.
use of personal information.
in addition to the purposes identified above, in order to provide the services and value derived from using the website, app or platform, we need to collect and process information about you.
fiix inc.
may use personal information to.
provide, operate, maintain and improve the platform, website, app and services.
send technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages.
respond to comments, questions, and requests and provide customer service and support.
communicate with customers about services, features, surveys, newsletters, offers, promotions, and provide other news or information about us and our select partners.
investigate and prevent unauthorized transactions, access to our services, and other illegal activities.
personalize and improve the services, and provide content, features, and/or advertisements that match your interests and preferences or otherwise customize your experience on the platform, website and app.
monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the services and for marketing or advertising purposes.
enable you to communicate, collaborate, and share files with users you designate.
and.
for other purposes which we will notify you about and seek your consent.
cmms and cookies.
when you visit the fiix website, app or platform, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, ip address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device.
additionally, as you browse the website, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the website, and information about how you interact with the website.
cookies are small data files that are stored on your device.
cookies cannot be used to see any other data on your computer, nor can they determine your email address or identity.
we may use “persistent cookies” for customer registration id and login password for future logins to our service.
we may use “session cookies” to enable certain features of our service, to better understand how you interact with our services and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on our website, app and platform.
we may also use third-party ad companies to help provide some of our advertising services.
these third parties may place cookies on your computer and collect data about your online activities across websites or online services when you are logged into the third-party service, including for targeted advertising.
for more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the network advertising initiative’s (“nai”) educational page at .
you are welcome to opt out of targeted advertising by using the links below.
facebook.
.
google.
.
bing.
.
additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the digital advertising alliance’s opt-out portal at.
.
data residency and the transfer of personal information.
fiix inc.
processes and stores its data, including personal information, on servers located in canada and the united states.
by submitting personal information or otherwise using the services, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing of your personal information in the jurisdictions in which our sub-processors are located.
you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be accessible to law enforcement and governmental agencies in such jurisdictions under lawful access or court order.
third parties and your personal information.
we may, from time to time, employ third parties to perform tasks on our behalf and we may need to share account information and other personal information with them to provide certain services.
unless we tell you differently, such third parties do not have any right to use the personal information we share with them beyond what is necessary for them to provide the tasks and services on our behalf.
the third parties we currently engage include third party companies and individuals employed by us to facilitate our services, including the provision of reports, payment processing and customer relationship management tools.
if we need to use or disclose any personal information in a way not identified in this privacy policy, we will notify you and/or obtain consent as required under applicable privacy laws.
we may disclose your personal information to third parties without your consent if we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with our rights or property, other users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
further, we may disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is required by and in accordance with the law.
fiix inc.
reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to.
satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
enforce our contracts (including our terms of use), as well as the investigation of potential violations of such contracts.
and detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
we may retain certain data as necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, or for legitimate business purposes, such as analysis of aggregated, non-personally identifiable data, account recovery, or if required by law.
all retained personal information will remain subject to the terms of this privacy policy.
access correction and accuracy rights to personal information.
you have the right to access the personal information we hold about you in order to verify the personal information we have collected in respect to you and to have a general account of our uses of that information.
upon receipt of your written request, we will provide you with a copy of your personal information, although in certain limited circumstances, and as permitted under law, we may not be able to make all relevant information available to you, such as where that information also pertains to another user.
in such circumstances we will provide reasons for the denial to you upon request.
we will endeavor to deal with all requests for access and modifications in a timely manner.
we will make reasonable efforts to keep your personal information accurate and up to date, and we will provide you with mechanisms to update, correct, delete or add to your personal information as appropriate.
as appropriate, this amended personal information will be transmitted to those parties to which we are permitted to disclose your information.
having accurate personal information about you enables us to give you the best possible service.
general data protection regulation (gdpr).
the legal basis on which fiix inc.
relies to process personal information (known as “personal data” under the european union’s general data protection regulation) are consent, fulfillment of our contracts with customers, as well as pursuit of legitimate business activities.
where we collect personal data directly from the data subjects, such as our customers, and make decisions in regard to processing such personal data, we act as the data controller.
otherwise, where we process personal data on behalf of third parties (such as when our customers use the services to process personal data of their employees), we are the data processor.
if you are a resident of the eea, you have certain data protection rights.
fiix inc.
takes reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your personal data.
if you wish to be informed of what personal data, we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us using the contact information set out below.
note that where we act as the data processor on behalf of a customer, you will be required to contact the data controller directly to exercise your rights.
in certain circumstances, where we act as data controller, you have the following data protection rights.
subject access requests.
request access to your personal information (commonly known as a “data subject access request”).
this enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you where we are the data controller and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
rectification.
request correction of the personal information that we hold about you.
this enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new information you provide to us.
erasure.
request erasure of your personal information.
this enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it.
you also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing, where we may have processed your information unlawfully, or where we are required to erase your personal information to comply with local law.
restriction.
request restriction of processing of your personal information.
this enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal information in the following scenarios.
(a) if you want us to establish the information’s accuracy.
(b) where our use of the information is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.
(c) where you need us to hold the information even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
or (d) you have objected to our use of your information but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
portability.
request the transfer of your personal information to you or to a third party.
we will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal information in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
consent.
withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal information.
however, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent.
if you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain services to you.
we will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
you have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data.
for more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the eea.
if you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us using the contact the fiix inc, privacy officer at .
changes to our privacy policy.
we may amend this privacy policy from time to time.
use of personal information we collect is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time such information is collected, used or disclosed.
if we make material changes or changes in the way we use personal information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our website or sending you an email prior to the change becoming effective.
you are bound by any changes to the privacy policy when you use the website, app, platform or services after such changes have been first posted.
contact us at fiix inc.
if you have any questions or concerns regarding fiix’s collection, use or storage of your personal information, please contact us at .
© fiix inc.
all rights reserved – last revised.
october 29th , 2021.
meet the team.
about us.
master service agreement.
service level agreement.
security policy.
privacy policy.
affiliations.
site map.
subscribe to the fiix newsletter.
join over 14,000 maintenance professionals who get monthly cmms tips, industry news, and updates.
product.
cmms.
free cmms.
work orders.
asset management.
features.
mobile cmms.
cloud and saas cmms.
demo.
maintenance strategies.
preventive maintenance.
total productive maintenance.
reliability centred maintenance.
predictive maintenance.
condition based maintenance.
more maintenance strategies.
industry solutions.
fleet maintenance software.
factory maintenance software.
food processing maintenance software.
textile manufacturing.
university maintenance software.
more industry solutions.
company & support.
about us.
press.
careers.
sustainability & social impact.
leadership team.
contact us.
help center.
video guides.
training and implementation services.
awards and recognition.
growth 500.
top 20 best places to work.
carbon zero certified.
legal.
master service agreement.
privacy policy.
accessibility.
site map.
follow.
youtube.
facebook.
twitter.
linkedin.
privacy policy.
site map.
