solutionsb2b sellerssales leadersvalue engineerssales enablement.
b2b sellers.
sales leaders.
value engineers.
sales enablement.
our platform.
resourceswebinarscase studiesblogtraining.
webinars.
case studies.
blog.
training.
clientiq login.
start free trial.
solutionsb2b sellerssales leadersvalue engineerssales enablement.
b2b sellers.
sales leaders.
value engineers.
sales enablement.
our platform.
resourceswebinarscase studiesblogtraining.
webinars.
case studies.
blog.
training.
clientiq login.
start free trial.
privacy policy.
privacy policy.
last updated.
august 9, 2018.
overview.
this website ( (the “site”) is provided by finlistics solutions corporation (“finlistics”, “we”, “our”, “us”), which is located in alpharetta, georgia.
finlistics is sensitive to privacy issues on the internet.
we believe it is important for you to know how we treat the information we receive about you via our site.
we provide this explanation about our online information practices as a show of our commitment to protecting your privacy.
this privacy policy applies to finlistics and its subsidiaries and affiliates.
this privacy policy describes the personal information we collect via the site, how we will use such personal information, who we may disclose it to, and your rights and choices in relation to your personal information.
when we use the term personal information, we use this term to describe information that may be used to identify you.
what information do we hold about you.
information we collect about you.
in general, you can visit the site without providing contact information.
we, or our service providers, may automatically gather about you through your use of the site.
this information includes online activity information and technical information about your usage activities, and general statistical information about the site and visitors, such as ip addresses, browsers, pages viewed, number of visitors, etc.
in doing so we do not reference you by name, e-mail address, physical address, or telephone number.
we use this technical data and statistical information in the aggregate to determine how much our customers use parts of the site so we can improve the site.
we may provide this data and information to third parties, but when we do so we do not provide your contact information without your permission.
we may also use your ip address to help diagnose problems with our server and to manage the site.
some of this information may be collected through the use of cookies.
please also see additional information on our cookie usage in section 3 below.
information you provide to us.
there are times, however, when we may seek information from you, including your name, email address, company name, phone number, and your comments, for example, as we do on our “contact” page or “support” page.
we may also ask for the country in which you are located and the business unit you work in.
we use this information as set out in this privacy policy.
in general, we do not sell, rent, share or in any other way divulge your personal information collected during your use of the site to third parties without your permission, except as outlined in this privacy policy (see section 4 and 6 below).
if you contact us via the site, we may use this information to provide you with custom information about finlistics’ offerings in support of your needs.
information we receive from third parties.
in addition to information we collect from you, we may receive your personal information from our third-party service providers.
we may also collect information from publicly available resources, such as social media platforms like linkedin.
cookies.
a technology called cookies may be used to provide you with tailored information.
a cookie is a tiny element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive so we can recognize you when you return.
we may use third-party service providers to collect usage analytics and to set and track cookies on our behalf.
cookies allow us to recognize your device and to collect information such as internet browser type, time spent using site, and pages visited.
this helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse the site and also allows us to improve the site.
cookies further allow us to present to you the information that will most likely to appeal to you based on your activity and preferences.
you can refuse to accept the cookies we use by adjusting your browser settings.
however, if you do not accept these cookies, you may affect your use of the site and ability to access certain features of the site.
you can find out more about how to manage cookies here.
.
how we use your information.
generally, we may use your personal information for the following purposes.
to communicate with you, including to respond to your requests for information from us.
to send you informational publications.
to provide our products and services.
to engage with you via blogs and/or discussion boards.
to provide you with information about finlistics, including products you may be interested in.
and to notify you about any changes to our site or services.
specifically, we may use your information, including personal information, to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze usage of the site, to improve our content and product offerings and to customize the site’s content, layout, and services.
we may also use your information to deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests, such as targeted banners, new services and promotions.
we may ask you to provide us voluntarily with additional information regarding your personal or business interests, experience or requests that we may then use to customize the site or our products and services for you.
we may also use your e-mail address, your mailing address, and/or phone number to contact you regarding administrative notices, new product offerings and communications relevant to your use of the site.
we will not send you promotions or announcements unless you give us permission to do so.
for more information about your choices (including how to opt out of receiving such communications), see section 10 below.
we may use your information to audit and monitor the site, including for security purposes, to facilitate navigation of the site, to resolve any technical issues, to display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience while using the site.
in addition, we may use such information to gather statistical information about the usage of the site to understand how it is used and to continually improve the site.
we may also use or disclose information, including personal information, to comply with legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to prevent or investigate fraud or other unlawful activity or problems, and to protect the security and integrity of the site and other systems.
at times, we may review the status or activity of multiple users to do so.
we may disclose or access information whenever we believe in good faith that the law so requires, or if we otherwise consider it necessary to do so to maintain service and improve our products and services.
what is our legal basis for processing.
with respect to personal information that is subject to the eu’s general data protection regulation (the “gdpr”), our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information depends on the type of personal information and the purpose for which we collect it.
for the purposes stated in section 4 above, we process your personal information for our legitimate business interests, and these interests include.
to provide, improve, promote and monitor the site and to provide our products and services to you.
in certain instances we may process your personal information pursuant to a contract between you and us or to comply with our legal obligations.
where appropriate, we may ask for your consent.
how do we share your personal information.
we may share your personal information with our affiliates and subsidiaries, our service providers (e.
g.
, our website analytics provider and website hosting provider), our professional advisers (e.
g.
, accountants, lawyers, and other professional advisers that assist us with carrying out activities), and government authorities and private organizations with oversight over finlistics.
we reserve the right to disclose any personal information as needed if that information is requested by law enforcement agencies or if we are required to do so by law, treaty, regulation, subpoena, court order, or by a government entity and in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
we also may disclose your personal information to third parties if we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to conduct investigations of possible breaches of law, to cooperate in any legal investigation, or to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating any agreement with us.
we may also disclose your personal information to other third parties, for example, in connection with a sale or transfer of assets.
how do we protect your personal information.
we have put in place reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures designed to help prevent unauthorized access, to maintain data security, and to use correctly the information we collect online.
these safeguards vary based on the sensitivity of the information that we collect and store.
although guaranteed security does not exist on the internet or offline, we make commercially reasonable efforts to handle such information consistent with this privacy policy and applicable laws.
due to the design of the internet and other factors outside our control, we cannot guarantee communications between you and our servers will be free from unauthorized access by third parties.
for how long will we keep your personal information.
we will retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for purposes for which it was collected.
the precise period will depend on the reason why it was collected.
those periods are also based on the requirements of applicable data protection laws, applicable legal and regulatory requirements and periods relating to the commencement of legal actions.
where will we transfer your personal information.
we are located in the united states and we will process your personal information in the united states.
if you are located outside of the united states, your personal information will be transferred and stored in the united states.
the united states has not received an “adequacy decision” from the european commission, which means that the data protection laws of the united states may not offer the same protections as the country in which you reside when you provide information to us.
if we transfer personal information outside the european union (eu) or european economic area (eea), we will implement appropriate and suitable safeguards to ensure that such data will be protected as required by applicable data protection law.
finlistics may also rely on derogations for specific situations set forth in article 49 of the gdpr, such as consent.
changes to personal information.
opt-out.
you may contact us using the contact information provided at the end of this privacy policy if you have any questions, or if you wish to update, correct, amend or delete your personal information.
(for individuals located in the eu or the eea, please also see section 14 and section 15 below).
please note that we may not be able to correct or update your personal information previously provided to us by third parties.
as mentioned above, we may use your personal information to contact and correspond with you and to respond to your inquiries.
we may send you email or other communications regarding our products and services.
we will provide you the opportunity to “opt-out” or unsubscribe from these emails (e.
g.
, email we send you will tell you how to decline future emails from us).
also, you may opt-out of communications by sending a written request to .
links to third-party websites.
the site may contain links to third-party websites that are not controlled by us.
these links are made available to you as a convenience, and you agree to use these links at your own risk.
please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices or content of such third-party websites.
if you navigate to a third-party website from the site, we encourage you to review and become familiar with such third-party website’s privacy policy and statements.
notice to california residents.
california law permits california residents who provide us with personal information to request certain information regarding our disclosure of such information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
we do not, at this time, disclose such information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
if we change this policy, we will update this provision and provide instructions on how you may make a request for details.
if any other state enacts a similar law as the california law, then this provision will also apply to such state.
do-not-track disclosures.
third-party tracking.
certain mechanisms may allow you to send web browser signals, known as “do not track” (“dnt”) signals, indicating your choice to disable tracking on the site.
we do not respond to browser do not track signals at this time.
we may not be aware of or able to honor and respond to every such mechanism.
more information about “do not track” is available at  concerning such information.
third parties, other than our service providers (such as our website analytics provider), do not have our permission to track which websites you visited prior to and after visiting the site.
that said, we cannot control third-party tracking and there may be some third-party tracking that occurs without our knowledge or consent.
your rights under the gdpr.
if your personal information is protected by the gdpr, you have certain data protection rights described below with respect to the personal information collected and used by finlistics.
these rights may only apply in certain circumstances and are subject to certain exemptions.
you can exercise these rights using the contact details at the end of this privacy policy (see section 17).
the rights are as follows.
to receive a copy of your personal information that we hold about you.
to ask us to correct or delete your personal information.
to restrict our use of your personal information.
to object to our use of your personal information.
to ask us to transfer your personal information to another organization where it is technically feasible.
to withdraw your consent at any time where we rely on consent to use your personal information.
to complain to the relevant data protection authority where you think we have not used your personal information in accordance with data protection law.
changes to this privacy policy.
any changes we make to this privacy policy in the future will be posted on the site.
the updated privacy policy will take effect as soon as it has been updated or otherwise communicated to you.
data controller.
questions.
contact us.
finlistics solutions corporation is the data controller of the personal information collected on the site.
we dictate the purposes and manners by which your personal information is collected and used.
if you have any questions about this privacy policy or the way we use your personal information, you may contact us by.
mail.
finlistics solutions corp.
11770 haynes bridge road, suite 205-104.
alpharetta, georgia 30009.
email.
.
phone.
770.
777.
5800.
products.
companyresourcesblog.
resources.
blog.
terms of useprivacy policy.
terms of use.
privacy policy.
terms of use.
privacy policy.
terms of useprivacy policy.
terms of use.
privacy policy.
subscribe to the blog.
contact.
11770 haynes bridge roadalpharetta, ga 30009.
empower your sales team to close bigger deals faster with finlistics’ financial analytics and insight-led selling®.
terms of use.
privacy policy.
