productsenterprise securityhelix security platformnetwork security and forensicsendpoint securityemail securitycloudvisorydetection on demandsecurity for.
cloudfinancial servicesgovernmenthealthcarehigher educationindustrial & critical infrastructurefireeye xdrsimplify threat detection and response with fireeye xdr.
explore fireeye xdrview all products.
products.
enterprise security.
helix security platform.
network security and forensics.
endpoint security.
email security.
cloudvisory.
detection on demand.
security for.
cloud.
financial services.
government.
healthcare.
higher education.
industrial & critical infrastructure.
fireeye xdr.
simplify threat detection and response with fireeye xdr.
customerscustomerscustomer storiescustomer successcustomer portalget supportcontact supportfind answerssupport programssupport noticessupported productscommunitiesdocumentation portalsupporta global network of support experts available 24x7.
we offer simple and flexible support programs to maximize the value of your fireeye products and services.
get support.
customers.
customers.
customer stories.
customer success.
customer portal.
get support.
contact support.
find answers.
support programs.
support notices.
supported products.
communities.
documentation portal.
support.
a global network of support experts available 24x7.
we offer simple and flexible support programs to maximize the value of your fireeye products and services.
partnersfireeye partnerspartners overviewfireeye affinity resellerstechnology partnersglobal solution providerspartner resourcespartner locatorpartner education centersupportpartnering with fireeyebecome a partnerpartner portalaccess for our registered partners to help you be successful with fireeye.
collateral, deal registration, request for funds, training, enablement, and more.
access the portal.
partners.
fireeye partners.
partners overview.
fireeye affinity resellers.
technology partners.
global solution providers.
partner resources.
partner locator.
partner education center.
support.
partnering with fireeye.
become a partner.
partner portal.
access for our registered partners to help you be successful with fireeye.
collateral, deal registration, request for funds, training, enablement, and more.
resourcescyber securitywhat is cyber security.
advanced detection and preventionhow cyber attacks compromise your networkwhat is ransomware.
what is a zero-day exploit.
fireeye blogsread the fireeye blogstrainingeducation and trainingfree tools & newslettersfireeye marketthe vision – digital magazineview all resources.
resources.
cyber security.
what is cyber security.
advanced detection and prevention.
how cyber attacks compromise your network.
what is ransomware.
what is a zero-day exploit.
fireeye blogs.
read the fireeye blogs.
training.
education and training.
free tools & newsletters.
fireeye market.
the vision – digital magazine.
contact.
contact.
to give you the best possible experience, this site uses cookies.
find out more on how we use cookies.
accept.
home.
about.
privacy and cookie policy.
privacy and cookie policy.
fireeye online privacy statement.
fireeye respects your privacy.
when using our website, you may getinformation, communicate with us, or link to other websites with whomwe do business.
while doing this, you may give us information so thatwe can provide enhanced products or services to you, as well aspersonalize your experience on our website.
this online privacy policydescribes how fireeye and its affiliates and subsidiaries use andprotect personal information that you share with us.
"personalinformation" is information that enables us to identify you.
examples of this kind of information include your email address, name,title, or mailing address, and there are other similar kinds ofinformation that may be used for the same purpose.
your privacy, and the privacy of all users of  is ofthe highest priority.
if you have any questions, please email us .
this policy governs websites owned and operated by fireeye.
ourpolicy does not govern websites of other parties to which we mayprovide links because fireeye is not responsible for and cannotcontrol the privacy practices or content of those sites.
here are the principles governing our information practices andother privacy aspects of our websites.
information collection and use.
information sharingand disclosure.
cross-border transfer.
ipinformation collection and use practices.
cookies.
data storage and security.
your data privacy rights.
dispute resolution.
contact us.
policyupdates.
information collection and use.
fireeye collects personal information when you register forfireeye information such as whitepapers and reports, newsletters orwebcasts, visit fireeye pages, and enter promotions.
this personalinformation may include your name, email address, and telephonenumber.
fireeye may collect any additional informationrelating to you that you voluntarily provide to us directly throughour websites or indirectly through our representatives or businesspartners.
fireeye may use personalinformation received from you in connection with.
to fulfill yourrequests for information on products and services or any specificquestions sent to us, to respond to any complaints, to contact youabout offers and new products, to follow up on marketing initiativesand to generally manage your relationship with us.
information sharing and disclosure.
fireeye will not sell or rent your personal information toanyone.
fireeye will send personal information about you toother companies or people when.
we have your consent toshare the information.
we need to share yourinformation to provide the product or service you haverequested.
we need to send the information to companieswho work on behalf of fireeye (e.
g.
affiliates, distributors orresellers) to provide a product or service to you or for furtherfollow-up related to your interests.
the information shared doesnot constitute a sale of your personal information.
wehave to disclose your personal information in response to alawful request by public authorities and agencies, to meet anyapplicable law and regulation or to protect fireeye’s assets aspermitted by law.
we are subject to the investigatoryand enforcement powers of the federal trade commission (ftc).
wemay be required to disclose personal information that we handleunder the privacy shield in response to lawful requests bypublic authorities, including to meet national security or lawenforcement requirements.
we have your consent toshare the information.
we need to share yourinformation to provide the product or service you haverequested.
we need to send the information to companieswho work on behalf of fireeye (e.
g.
affiliates, distributors orresellers) to provide a product or service to you or for furtherfollow-up related to your interests.
the information shared doesnot constitute a sale of your personal information.
wehave to disclose your personal information in response to alawful request by public authorities and agencies, to meet anyapplicable law and regulation or to protect fireeye’s assets aspermitted by law.
we are subject to the investigatoryand enforcement powers of the federal trade commission (ftc).
wemay be required to disclose personal information that we handleunder the privacy shield in response to lawful requests bypublic authorities, including to meet national security or lawenforcement requirements.
cross-border transfer.
fireeye may process or otherwise transfer any personal informationin or to any country outside of the country of origination, includingsuch countries with less restrictive data protection laws, to theextent necessary for purposes described in this policy.
fireeye hasentered into the eu standard contractual clauses as approved bythe european commission, to help ensure an adequate level of dataprotection for any personal data that will be processed or transferred.
ip information collection and use practices.
fireeye receives ip addresses from all users because thisinformation is automatically reported by your browser each time youview a web page.
when a fireeye web page is requested andviewed, that request is logged on our servers with informationincluding the ip address of the computer that requested thepage.
ip addresses may be used for various purposes,including estimating the total number of users visiting fireeye fromspecific countries or regions of the world.
cookies.
a cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes ananonymous unique identifier, that is sent to your browser from awebsite's computers and is stored on your computer's hard drive.
each website can send its own cookie to your browser if yourbrowser's preferences allow it, but to protect your privacy, yourbrowser only permits a website to access the cookies it has alreadysent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
fireeye practices regarding cookies fireeye uses cookies for a number of purposes, including to.
provide you with customized content.
keep track ofpreferences you specify while you are using fireeye's products andservices.
estimate and report our total audience size andtraffic.
conduct research to improve fireeye content andservices.
require you to reenter your fireeye password aftera certain period of time has elapsed to protect you.
in addition to the first-party cookies we set, we use externalservices that set third-party cookies to.
enable information sharing across social media services.
provide you with targeted advertising in relevant contexts onexternal sites.
keep track of preferences you specify whileyou are using third-party services.
enable third parties toaggregate anonymous user behavior data and provide such researchdata to fireeye.
monitor and report on site and serviceusage across fireeye websites.
query third-party servicessuch as twitter for recently changed information.
similar technologies we use in addition to cookies, we use web beacons (also known as"clear gifs" and "1x1" pixels) and coded urls.
these techniques may be used.
in online advertising to determine which advertisements youhave viewed.
in our promotional emails to track whether anemail has been viewed and subsequent clicks on hyperlinks.
to support remarketing for adwords ads on the google displaynetwork.
remarketing technology serves you ads across multiplewebsites based on your browsing interest and behavior.
in addition, you may choose not to open emails or download images inemails you receive from fireeye.
to opt out of tracking via coded urls, you may choose not to clickon hyperlinks embedded in marketing emails you receive from fireeye.
data storage and security.
account information.
when you submit information to fireeye, a temporary copy ofthat information is routinely made to prevent accidental loss ofyour information through a computer malfunction or human error.
please note that any information that we have copied may remainin back-up storage for some period of time after your deletionrequest.
this may be the case even though no information about youraccount remains in our active user databases.
fireeye doesnot react to do not track signals because there is no standard forhow those signals are sent.
servers.
the fireeye computers (called "servers") that sendyour web pages process and store an enormous amount of informationevery day.
these computer records are called "logfiles.
".
log files are used for analysis, research,auditing, and other purposes, as described above.
after thisinformation has been used, it is stored and is inaccessible.
untilthe information is stored, your fireeye id may remain in our activeserver log files.
security.
appropriate technical and physical safeguard measures are inplace to protect against unauthorized or unlawful access, misuse,accidental loss, destruction and alternation of any personalinformation which are shared with us in the course of using ourwebsite services.
your data privacy rights.
you have a number of rights under relevant data privacy laws, whichmay include the general data protection regulation (eu) 2016/679 andthe california consumer privacy act.
depending on where you are based,those rights may include the right to (i) request access or copies ofyour personal data fireeye processes, (ii) rectify incorrect personaldata, (iii) delete your personal data, (iv) restrict the processing ofyour personal data, (v) determine the portability of your personaldata, (vi) lodge complaints with competent authorities in yourcountry, and/or (vii) request a list with the names and addresses ofany potential recipients of your personal data.
to exercise one ormore of these rights, or to ask questions or relay concerns, pleasecontact fireeye’s data protection officer.
richard weaver fireeye securityholdings us llc 11955 freedom drive, suite 300 reston,virginia 20190, usa (703) 935-8012 .
fireeye will verify requests that it receives and respond in thetime period required under the relevant data privacy laws.
dispute resolution.
if you believe your personal information has been used in a way thatis not consistent with this policy, we invite you to contact fireeyefirst at will make all efforts to resolve your complaints in a timely andaccurate manner.
contact us.
if you have any questions about this privacy statement, thepractices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact us.
policy updates.
we may update our policy from time to time.
we will post the updatedversion in this section of the website.
if the revision is significantand may materially change our data privacy practices, we will notifyyou by using other means, e.
g.
via email.
last updated.
october 8, 2021.
about.
why fireeye.
customer stories.
careers.
certifications and compliance.
supplier documents.
resources.
news and events.
newsroom.
press releases.
webinars.
events.
awards and honors.
email preferences.
technical support.
support.
report security issue.
contact support.
customer portal.
communities.
documentation portal.
fireeye blogs.
threat research.
fireeye stories.
industry perspectives.
threat map.
view the latest threats.
contact us.
+1 877-347-3393.
stay connected.
linkedin.
twitter.
facebook.
youtube.
cette page est également disponible en français.
diese seite ist auch auf deutsch verfügbar.
日本語ページを.
해당 페이지는 한글 버전으로 보실 수 있습니다.
continue viewing this page in english.
copyright © 2022 fireeye.
all rights reserved.
privacy & cookies policy | legal documentation.
my preferred language.
english (english).
french (français).
german (deutsch).
japanese (日本語).
korean (한국어).
more languages.
