thank you.
your submission has been received.
oops.
something went wrong while submitting the form.
privacy policy.
effective date.
may 25, 2018.
this policy statement applies to all of the services and products provided by shafer systems and covers how personal and other information is used that shafer systems collects.
shafer systems llc ("shafer systems" or "we") respects the privacy of its users ("you") and has developed this privacy policy ("privacy policy") to demonstrate its commitment to protecting your privacy.
please read this document carefully before you use our website, software, applications (our "services").
if you have any questions about the policy statement, please contact us at .
data we may collect and how we use it.
by agreeing to our privacy policy, we may collect, store, retain, and process.
"personal data" meaning information that you provide that identifies you as an individual, such as your name, title, postal address (including billing and shipping addresses), telephone number (including home and mobile phone numbers), email address, ip address, company you work for and their address, country of residence, and.
for consumers using non-enterprise versions of notate ("notate personal"), we also collect additional personal data including any notes, tasks, or other data that you enter into notate for the purpose of synchronizing the data to all of your devices running notate.
"other data", non-personally identifiable data, meaning any information that does not reveal your specific identity, such as.
browser and device information, license id and type, operating system, app version and bundle id, language used, server log file information, the name of your host or the domain name of the website that referred you to ours, app usage data, site data, demographic information, information collected through cookies, anonymous app usage data and other information provided by you.
shafer systems app(s).
at activation of the app as a technical requirement to run the service we collect the following other data.
model and version of the device used.
device id, name, model.
license id and type.
operating system version and uptime.
app version and bundle id.
language used.
product development support.
in order to improve our products, we collect non-personal behavioral framework events such as when a user adds a task or inserts an image into a note.
the purpose of such information is for us to gauge the frequency of use so that we can help prioritize development improvements.
we use google analytics to collect and store the information.
as we only use this data for statistical analysis and development improvement, we do not combine it with other data or information.
shafer systems website.
we request user information when you choose to start a product trial.
we request the name of your company, number of users, domain name, industry, mdm type, your name, email, and phone number.
we use this information to provide you with a trial of our software and to be able to contact you about the success of your trial.
by signing up for the trial you consent of our use of your information for this purpose.
technical support.
for the purpose of providing support for our application we collect and store your email address as well as any additional information that is included in support requests.
as a means to properly deal with incoming support requests, we may need to use the submitted information (email address) to contact you in order to gain further information, if necessary.
we may collect personal data and other data you provide us with or which we obtain from your device or activities by using our services, e.
g.
through our website, subscribing to our mailing lists, contacting our customer service.
to optimize your experience while you are using our services, we collect data by using cookies.
we use cookies to automatically collect certain other data such as the browser and device you are using, the hostname, the website that has referred you to us, language, settings, etc.
cookies are small text files that are stored on your browser or device.
they are used in various ways, e.
g.
to analyze users' behavior on a website or for personalization reasons based on the user's preferences.
in the section above, we have explained which tools we use exactly and how you can either delete them if they are already placed on your computer or decline their use.
however, you might not be able to use some features of our services properly if you decide to block or delete cookies.
we use all the above obtained data in order to customize and to improve our services and to evaluate effectiveness of our content, advertising, programming or other activities.
shafer systems web services.
with licensing the shafer systems products, we store the email address submitted to us.
we may use it to send you important notifications regarding the service and its use.
in addition, we connect your email address with the information we collected at activation of the app for support purposes.
you agree that with registration to the service, we may store that email address connected with the information referred to above in our systems in order to serve important notifications regarding the service and its use and for support purposes.
we store your personal information with adequate protection.
how we use collected data.
we limit the collection of personal data and other data to the amount required to review, analyze, adapt and improve quality of our services, products, advertising, and customer support, and to inform you about changes and news to our services.
all personal data collected will only be processed by our employees to the extent needed except otherwise explained in this privacy policy.
personal data will not be disclosed to third parties unless it is necessary for execution of your order, if you have granted us permission to do so or if the disclosure is permitted by law.
we may process and disclose personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, to enforce or apply any contract with you, to protect our legitimate business rights, property, or safety of our employees, customers, or others.
we may combine personal data and other data we collect with additional data from other sources.
we may share personal data and other data to advisors, advertisers and investors, for the purpose of conducting general business analysis or other business purposes.
if you subscribe to one of our mailing lists, we will use your email address, name, title and certain other data, for providing you with news about our services.
we use this data to keep you up to date about our product development, about the launch of new products.
you may unsubscribe from our mailing lists by clicking the unsubscribe button in each of our emails or in your profile settings.
we will only use your data legally.
if you believe that we are not using your data in a legal way or wish to inquire about your rights regarding your data you may do so by sending us an email at systems.
com.
third party subprocessors.
shafer systems email.
emails delivered to our email-addresses are stored on servers of microsoft, inc.
, a us-based company.
microsoft has bound itself to comply with the safe harbor principles.
based on this information, when sending a message to the e- mail address named above you consent to the disclosure of the personal information contained therein to microsoft, inc.
shafer systems support.
for providing proper support of shafer systems users we have commissioned salesforce, inc.
as helpdesk provider, to whom we disclose the information contained in support request including your email address.
this service partner is located in the united states and has bound itself to comply with the safe harbor principles and, therefore, has obliged itself to comply with data protection principles similar to those governing within the eea.
based on this information, when sending a message to our support desk you consent to the disclosure of the personal information contained therein to salesforce, inc.
notate synchronization service (only applies to "notate personal").
consumer versions of notate personal utilize notate synchronization services.
the purpose of this service it to synchronize notate user data between multiple devices using notate.
as such notate synchronization server captures and retains all data that you enter into the notate app including notes, tasks, attachments, annotations, images, audio and documents.
we use this data for the sole purpose of synchronizing between your devices.
this data is stored on amazon web services.
amazon has commited to gdpr compliance.
you agree that with registration to the service, we may store the information referred to above in our systems in order to provide synchronization services.
notate sharing service.
all versions of notate utilize an amazon aws server to provide sharing notification services.
the data collected and retained by this server consists of a randomize folder id being shared, and a list of email addresses of the share recipients.
this service may be disabled in enterprise version of notate by turning off sharing capabilities in the notate application policy.
by using notate sharing services you consent to the collection of this information for the sole purpose of providing the sharing service.
data retention.
we will store your data as long as it is required for our business purposes respectively as it is required by law e.
g.
for tax and accounting reasons.
right to information.
shafer systems llc is an us limited liability company with registered office at 1661 oriole , flower mound, texas registered in the state of texas.
you may request information about your data which is processed by us.
furthermore, you have the right to have your stored data corrected or deleted, if data is incorrect or has been processed contrary to the provisions of the data protection act.
kindly note that we require proof of your identity before we may answer your request.
please send your request by email .
changes to this privacy policy.
we may change this privacy policy at any time.
all changes will be published on this site.
any changes to this privacy policy will become effective when we publish the revised privacy policy on our website.
your use of our website following these changes means that you accept the revised privacy policy.
therefore, we ask you to review our privacy policy from time to time.
questions.
you may inquire as to your data subject rights, revoke your consent to this privacy policy as well as other rights such as the processing of your personal data in the future at any time by sending an email to .
important.
by using the shafer systems services (as defined above) you give your consent that all personal data that you submit may be processed by shafer systems in the manner and for the purposes described in the privacy statement.
if you do not agree to this terms and conditions set forth herein do not use the shafer systems services, download and/or install the software and promptly erase the software and any part thereof, from your computer or devices and do not use it in any manner whatsoever.
copyright © 2022 shafer systems llc.
all rights reserved.
