lead the race to net zero | world’s 1st digital twin for net zero goals.
download brochure.
productsconnected assetsconnected processvision intelligenceengineer's workbenchexperience ai.
industries process manufacturingenergy transitionrenewable                                non renewable                                    upstream                                            midstream                                            downstream                                            heavy machinery.
company flutura in a nutshellaccolades & partnersvaluesboardour teamprivacycareers.
resources                                    knowledge center                                case studybrochurevideowhite paperwebinarpodcastarticlesnewsmicrositesfaq.
contact.
connect for consultation.
data protection policy.
we have demonstrated our commitment to data privacy and protection by meeting the industry standards for iso 27001 and ssae-18 soc 2 type 2.
flutura® complies with gdpr as a data processor and ccpa as a service provider.
flutura adheres to the relevant countries data privacy frameworks, some of the requirements of this framework include notifying compliance with the framework, allowing individuals to opt out of providing personal information, ensuring that the transfer of information is consistent with protecting personal data, limiting the processing of data to the purposes for which it was collected, and allowing customers to access and update their personal information.
privacy and security protections are built into our services and contracts to help in compliance with this privacy legislation for our customers.
examples of these are.
have a data privacy team to oversee data protection activities and raise awareness.
conducted a data protection gap assessment through an independent third party.
review current security and privacy processes in place and, where applicable, update contracts with third parties and customers to meet data protection requirements.
conduct annual employee training and awareness to ensure continual compliance with new and existing data protection legislation.
evaluated the portability and transferability of data and found that none of our applications store unique end-user content or data that end users do not already possess, such as pictures, stories and so on.
define opt-in/opt-out standards for all systems and communications storing personal data.
conduct background checks on all personnel and have a corporate code of conduct and operating principle that must be observed.
enhance data integrity and security, streamlining the processes for our cloud applications by implementing and continually improving data security actions such as.
provide access controls.
identify personal data being collected or stored.
some of our applications have a different level of personal data collection, usage, storage and disposal.
we have defined the purview of personal data for each of these applications and document the various sources of data to provide a roadmap for compliance.
we analyze how customer information is being processed, stored, retained and deleted.
regularly assess any third parties with whom we disclose personal data.
at this time, there are no third parties with whom we share our customers’ personal data.
have policies and procedures in place to respond to data subjects when they exercise their rights.
continually refine processes for data breach notification activities.
provide access controls.
identify personal data being collected or stored.
some of our applications have a different level of personal data collection, usage, storage and disposal.
we have defined the purview of personal data for each of these applications and document the various sources of data to provide a roadmap for compliance.
we analyze how customer information is being processed, stored, retained and deleted.
regularly assess any third parties with whom we disclose personal data.
at this time, there are no third parties with whom we share our customers’ personal data.
have policies and procedures in place to respond to data subjects when they exercise their rights.
continually refine processes for data breach notification activities.
flexible deployment.
ready to convert your data.
get started with analytics.
products.
connected assets.
connected process.
vision intelligence.
engineer's workbench.
experience ai.
industries.
process manufacturing.
energy transition.
heavy machinery.
company.
flutura in a nutshell.
accolades & partners.
values.
board.
our team.
privacy.
resources.
case study.
brochure.
video.
white paper.
webinar.
podcast.
articles.
microsites.
faq.
contact.
certified industrial ai platform.
©                2022 flutura.
all rights reserved.
connect for consultation.
would you like to see how we can connect your assets and processes to                                                        generate actionable business insights.
simply fill in the form below                                                        and we’ll schedule a demo at your convenience.
