why foghorn.
productslightning solutionslightning edge ailightning mobile.
lightning solutions.
lightning edge ai.
lightning mobile.
industriesindustry focusmanufacturingoil & gastransportationsmart buildingsrenewable energyminingpower & watersmart citieshealthcareretailautomotivecase studies abi report.
the business case for iiot edge intelligenceanalysts provide insights on technical and economic benefits of adding edge intelligence into operations, with real use cases.
download now.
industry focusmanufacturingoil & gastransportationsmart buildingsrenewable energyminingpower & watersmart citieshealthcareretailautomotivecase studies.
manufacturing.
oil & gas.
transportation.
smart buildings.
renewable energy.
mining.
power & water.
smart cities.
healthcare.
retail.
automotive.
case studies.
abi report.
the business case for iiot edge intelligenceanalysts provide insights on technical and economic benefits of adding edge intelligence into operations, with real use cases.
download now.
analysts provide insights on technical and economic benefits of adding edge intelligence into operations, with real use cases.
download now.
resources.
partners.
companyleadershipadvisory boardinvestorscareerspress roomeventsawardscontact us.
leadership.
advisory board.
investors.
careers.
press room.
events.
awards.
contact us.
terms of service & privacy policy.
1.
terms.
by accessing the website at  you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.
if you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site.
the materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2.
use license.
permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on foghorn’s website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only.
this is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not.
modify or copy the materials.
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial).
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on foghorn’s website.
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials.
ortransfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
modify or copy the materials.
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial).
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on foghorn’s website.
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials.
or.
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
this license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by foghorn at any time.
upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3.
disclaimer.
the materials on foghorn’s website are provided on an ‘as is’ basis.
foghorn makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
further, foghorn does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4.
limitations.
in no event shall foghorn or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on foghorn’s website, even if foghorn or a foghorn authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage.
because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5.
accuracy of materials.
the materials appearing on foghorn website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors.
foghorn does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current.
foghorn may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice.
however foghorn does not make any commitment to update the materials.
6.
links.
foghorn has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site.
the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by foghorn of the site.
use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.
7.
modifications.
foghorn may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice.
by using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
8.
governing law.
these terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of ca and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that state or location.
privacy policy.
your privacy is important to us.
we don’t ask for your personal information unless we truly need it.
we don’t store your personal information on our servers unless it’s required for providing a service to you.
it is foghorn’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, .
right to unsubscribe, review and/or delete personal data.
you have the right to unsubscribe from all company communications.
all company emails contain an opt-out link in the footer of the e-mail for instant opt-outs.
you have the right to request a copy of your personal data stored by the company.
you have the right to request the deletion of your personal data.
requests for all three services can be made by e-mail to or by submitting the contact us form on our website.
please indicate the nature of  request in your communications and the company will comply and communicate the results within seven business days.
log data.
we log general information about your browser whenever you visit our website.
this information may include your computer’s internet protocol (ip) address, your browser type and version, the pages you visit on our site, the time and date of your visit, and the time spent on each page.
like most website operators, we collect this data to better understand how our visitors use our services, and how we may improve your experience of our website in future.
we do not share data specifics publicly, but may disclose aggregated and anonymised versions of this information, eg.
in website usage trend reports.
security.
we take security seriously, and do what we can within commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information from loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
that said, we advise that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, and cannot guarantee the absolute security of your data.
changes to our privacy policy.
at our discretion, we may change our privacy policy from time to time.
any changes will be reflected here, so we encourage you to visit this page regularly.
your continued use of this site after any changes to this policy will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information.
business transfers.
if we or our assets are acquired, or in the unlikely event that we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, we would include user information among our assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
you acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any parties who acquire us may continue to use your personal information according to this policy.
new insights.
start today.
why foghorn.
products.
industries.
resources.
partners.
company.
