we're hiring.
to search job openings click here.
productsstatic code analysis (sast)codesonar c/c++codesonar javacodesonar c#codesonar binarycodesonar integrationseclipsegitlabgithubjenkinsjiramicrosoft visual studiovisual studio codesoftware composition analysis (sca)codesentry binary.
static code analysis (sast)codesonar c/c++codesonar javacodesonar c#codesonar binarycodesonar integrationseclipsegitlabgithubjenkinsjiramicrosoft visual studiovisual studio code.
codesonar c/c++.
codesonar java.
codesonar c#.
codesonar binary.
codesonar integrationseclipsegitlabgithubjenkinsjiramicrosoft visual studiovisual studio code.
eclipse.
gitlab.
github.
jenkins.
jira.
microsoft visual studio.
visual studio code.
software composition analysis (sca)codesentry binary.
codesentry binary.
solutionsdevsecopssoftware bill of materials (sbom)code visualizationindustriesembeddedautomotiveindustrial automationmedicalaerospace & defensesast compliancesafety documentation kitmisra ccertificationiso 26262 / iec 61508do 178b and do 178cfdapower of 10jplu.
s.
cert’s build security in (bsi).
devsecops.
software bill of materials (sbom).
code visualization.
industriesembeddedautomotiveindustrial automationmedicalaerospace & defense.
embedded.
automotive.
industrial automation.
medical.
aerospace & defense.
sast compliancesafety documentation kitmisra ccertificationiso 26262 / iec 61508do 178b and do 178cfdapower of 10jplu.
s.
cert’s build security in (bsi).
safety documentation kit.
misra c.
certificationiso 26262 / iec 61508do 178b and do 178c.
iso 26262 / iec 61508.
do 178b and do 178c.
fda.
power of 10.
jpl.
u.
s.
cert’s build security in (bsi).
shift left academy.
cybersecurity researchsponsored research projectssoftware assurancesoftware hardeningautonomic computingreverse engineeringdarpa cyber grand challenge.
sponsored research projects.
software assurance.
software hardening.
autonomic computing.
reverse engineering.
darpa cyber grand challenge.
resourceson demand webinarswhite papersdata sheetscustomer successesvideosblog.
on demand webinars.
white papers.
data sheets.
customer successes.
videos.
blog.
about uscompany overviewmanagement team and bodcareerslatest newscustomerspartners & distributors.
company overview.
management team and bod.
careers.
latest news.
customers.
partners & distributors.
supportsupport portal.
support portal.
search form.
home.
software assurance.
overviewindustriesembeddedautomotiveindustrial automationmedicalaerospace & defensecodesonar gitlab integrationsolutionssecuritycertificationoverviewiso 26262bsicompliance with cwecompliance with do-178ccompliance with fdacompliance with jplcompliance with misracompliance with power of 10understandingverificationservicescurrent researchresources.
overview.
industries.
embeddedautomotiveindustrial automationmedicalaerospace & defensecodesonar gitlab integration.
embedded.
automotive.
industrial automation.
medical.
aerospace & defense.
codesonar gitlab integration.
solutions.
securitycertificationoverviewiso 26262bsicompliance with cwecompliance with do-178ccompliance with fdacompliance with jplcompliance with misracompliance with power of 10understandingverification.
security.
certification.
overviewiso 26262bsicompliance with cwecompliance with do-178ccompliance with fdacompliance with jplcompliance with misracompliance with power of 10.
overview.
iso 26262.
bsi.
compliance with cwe.
compliance with do-178c.
compliance with fda.
compliance with jpl.
compliance with misra.
compliance with power of 10.
understanding.
verification.
services.
current research.
resources.
software hardening.
overviewcurrent researchresources.
overview.
current research.
resources.
autonomic computing.
overviewcurrent researchresources.
overview.
current research.
resources.
products.
overviewstatic analysisstatic analysissastcodesonar safety documentation kitcodesurferdevelopmentmulticorecode visualizationresources.
overview.
static analysis.
static analysis.
static analysis.
sast.
codesonar safety documentation kit.
codesurfer.
development.
multicorecode visualization.
multicore.
code visualization.
resources.
services.
partners.
overviewpartnerscustomersresearch sponsors.
overview.
partners.
customers.
research sponsors.
company.
overviewaboutmanagementblognewscareers.
overview.
about.
management.
blog.
news.
careers.
academic projects.
privacy policy.
grammatech, inc.
and its affiliates ("grammatech", “we,” “us,” or “our”) is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy.
this privacy policy describes how we collect, use, share, and safeguard personal information.
this privacy policy also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your personal information, and how you can reach us to get answers to your questions.
you can jump to particular topics by going to the headings below.
types of information we collect.
the following provides examples of the type of information that we collect from you and how we use that information.
context.
types of data.
primary purpose for collection  and use of data.
client information.
we collect the name, and contact information, of our clients and their employees with whom we may interact.
we have a legitimate interest in contacting our clients and communicating with them concerning normal business administration such as projects, services, and billing.
cookies and first party tracking.
we use cookies and clear gifs.
“cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to a computer’s hard drive while a web site is viewed.
we have a legitimate interest in making our website operate efficiently and to better serve you when you return to the website.
cookies and third party tracking.
we participate in behavior-based advertising, this means that a third party uses technology (e.
g.
, a cookie) to collect information about your use of our website so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests on our website, or on other websites.
.
we have a legitimate interest in improving the content of our website.
.
email interconnectivity.
if you receive email from us, we use certain tools to capture data related to when you open our message, click on any links or banners it contains and make purchases.
we have a legitimate interest in understanding how you interact with our communications to you.
employment.
if you apply for a job posting, or become an employee, we collect information necessary to process your application or to retain you as an employee.
this may include, among other things, your social security number.
providing this information is required for employment.
we use information about current employees to perform our contract of employment, or the anticipation of a contract of employment with you.
in some contexts, we are also required by law to collect information about our employees.
we also have a legitimate interest in using your information to have efficient staffing and work force operations.
feedback/support.
if you provide us feedback or contact us for support we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content that you send to us, in order to reply.
we have a legitimate interest in receiving, and acting upon, your feedback or issues.
mailing list.
when you sign up for our newsletter we collect your email address.
we share information about our products and services with individuals that consent to receive such information.
we also have a legitimate interest in sharing information about our products or services.
purchases and license renewals.
we collect your name, billing address, shipping address, e-mail address, phone number, and payment card information when you place an order or renew a license.
we use your information to perform our contract to provide you with products or services.
partner promotion.
we collect information that you provide as part of a co-branded promotion with another company.
we have a legitimate interest in fulfilling our promotions.
surveys.
when you participate in a survey we collect information that you provide through the survey.
if the survey is provided by a third party service provider, the third party’s privacy policy applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information.
we have a legitimate interest in understanding your opinions, and collecting information relevant to our organization.
website interactions.
we use technology to monitor how you interact with our website.
this may include which links you click on, or information that you type into our online forms.
this may also include information about your device or browser.
we have a legitimate interest in understanding how you interact with our website to better improve it, and to understand your preferences and interests in order to select offerings that you might find most useful.
we also have a legitimate interest in detecting and preventing fraud.
web logs.
we collect information, including your browser type, operating system, internet protocol (ip) address (a number that is automatically assigned to a computer when the internet is used), domain name, click-activity, referring website, and/or a date/time stamp for visitors.
we have a legitimate interest in monitoring our networks and the visitors to our websites.
among other things, it helps us understand which of our services is the most popular, improve the content of our website, and provide better customer service.
in addition to the information that we collect from you directly, we may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, business partners, our affiliates, or publicly available sources.
for example, if you submit a job application, or become an employee, we may conduct a background check, as permitted by applicable law.
use and processing of information.
in addition to the purposes and uses described above, we use information in the following ways.
to identify you when you visit our website.
to provide products and services.
to improve our services and product offerings.
to conduct analytics.
to respond to inquiries related to support, employment opportunities, or other requests.
to send marketing and promotional materials including information relating to our products, services, or promotions, or those of our business partners.
for internal administrative purposes, as well as to manage our relationships.
although the sections above describe our primary purpose in collecting your information, in many situations we have more than one purpose.
for example, if you make a purchase we may collect your information to perform our contract with you, but we also collect your information as we have a legitimate interest in maintaining your information after your transaction is complete so that we can quickly and easily respond to any questions about your order.
as a result, our collection and processing of your information is based in different contexts upon your consent, our need to perform a contract, our obligations under law, and/or our legitimate interest in conducting our business.
sharing of information.
in addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this policy, we disclose information in the following situations.
affiliates and acquisitions.
we may share information with our corporate affiliates (g.
, parent company, sister companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control).
if another company acquires, or plans to acquire, our company, business, or our assets, we will also share information with that company, including at the negotiation stage.
other disclosures with your consent.
we may ask if you would like us to share your information with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this policy.
other disclosures without your consent.
we may disclose information in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws.
we may also share your information in order to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies, or to comply with your request for the provision of services by a third party intermediary.
public.
some of our websites may provide the opportunity to post comments, or reviews, in a public forum.
if you decide to submit information on these pages, that information may be publicly available.
partner promotion.
we may offer contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions with third party partners.
if you decide to enter a contest, sweepstakes, or promotion that is sponsored by a third party partner the information that you provide will be shared with us and with them.
their use of your information is not governed by this privacy policy.
service providers.
we may share your information with service providers.
among other things service providers may help us to administer our website, conduct surveys, provide technical support, process transactions and payments, and otherwise assist in the fulfillment of our services.
your choices.
you can make the following choices regarding your personal information.
access to your personal information.
you may request access to your personal information by contacting us at the address described below.
if required by law, upon request, we will grant you reasonable access to the personal information that we have about you.
note that california residents may be entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for direct marketing.
changes to your personal information.
we rely on you to update and correct your personal information.
most of our websites allow you to modify or delete your account profile.
if our website does not permit you to update or correct certain information, you contact us at the address described below in order to request that your information by modified.
note that we may keep historical information in our backup files as permitted by law.
deletion of your personal information.
typically we retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law, such as for tax or regulatory purposes.
you may, however, request information about how long we keep a specific type of information, or request that we delete your personal information by contacting us at the address described below.
if required by law we will grant a request to delete information, but you should note that in many situations we must keep your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, or for another one of our business purposes.
objection to certain processing.
you may object to our use or disclosure of your personal information by contacting us at the address described below.
online tracking.
we do not currently recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include "do not track" instructions.
newsletters.
you may choose to provide us with your email address for the purpose of allowing us to send free newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials to you.
you can stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in e-mails that you receive.
if you decide not to receive promotional emails, we may still send you product and service related communications.
revocation of consent.
if you revoke your consent for the processing of personal information then we may no longer be able to provide you services.
in some cases, we may limit or deny your request to revoke consent if the law permits or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity.
you may revoke consent to processing (where such processing is based upon consent) by contacting us at the address described below.
please address written requests and questions about your rights to or call us at (888) 695-2668.
you may request a copy of the personal information that we hold about you, and exercise other rights as described above, by completing and submitting the request form located here.
note that, as required by law, we will require you to prove your identity.
we may verify your identity by phone call or email.
depending on your request, we will ask for information such as your name, the last item you purchased from us, or the date of your last purchase from us.
we may also ask you to provide a signed declaration confirming your identity.
following a request, we will use reasonable efforts to supply, correct or delete personal information about you in our files.
in some circumstances, you may designate an authorized agent to submit requests to exercise certain privacy rights on your behalf.
we will require verification that you provided the authorized agent permission to make a request on your behalf.
you must provide us with a copy of the signed permission you have given to the authorized agent to submit the request on your behalf and verify your own identity directly with us.
if you are an authorized agent submitting a request on behalf of an individual you must attach a copy of the following information to the request.
signed permission indicating that you have authorization to act on the consumer’s behalf.
if you are a business, proof that you are registered with the secretary of state to conduct business in california.
if we do not receive both pieces of information, the request will be denied.
how we protect personal information.
no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure.
while we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.
in the event that we are required by law to inform you of a breach to your personal information we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.
some of our websites permit you to create an account.
when you do you will be prompted to create a password.
you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and you are responsible for any access to or use of your account by someone else that has obtained your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by you.
you should notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.
other important information.
the following additional information relates to our privacy practices.
transmission of information to other countries.
we transmit information between and among our affiliates in other countries.
as a result your information may be processed in a foreign country where privacy laws may be less stringent than the laws in your country.
nonetheless, where possible we take steps to treat personal information using the same privacy principles that apply pursuant to the law of the country in which we first received your information.
by submitting your personal information to us you agree to the transfer, storage and processing of your information in a country other than your country of residence including, but not necessarily limited to, the united states.
if you would like more information concerning our attempts to apply the privacy principles applicable in one jurisdiction to data when it goes to another jurisdiction you can contact us using the contact information below.
changes to this privacy policy.
we may change our privacy policy and practices over time.
to the extent that our policy changes in a material way, the policy that was in place at the time that you submitted personal information to us will generally govern that information unless we receive your consent to the new privacy policy.
our privacy policy includes an “effective” and “last updated” date.
the effective date refers to the date that the current version took effect.
the last updated date refers to the date that the current version was last substantively modified.
children.
this site is not designed or structured to attract children.
we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
if we learn that we have collected such information without verifiable parental consent, we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible.
if you believe that we may have collected information from a child under 13, please contact us.
information for california residents.
california law indicates that organizations should disclose whether certain categories of information are collected, “sold” or transferred for an organization’s “business purpose” (as those terms are defined under california law).
you can find a list of the categories of information that we collect and share  here.
please note that because this list is comprehensive it may refer to types of information that we share about people other than yourself.
if you would like more information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for those parties to use for direct marketing please submit a written request to us using the information in the "contact information" section below.
we do not discriminate against california residents who exercise any of their rights described in this privacy policy.
contact information.
if you have any questions, comments, or complaints concerning our privacy practices please contact us at the appropriate address below.
we will attempt to respond to your requests and to provide you with additional privacy-related information.
grammatech, inc.
6903 rockledge drive, suite 820bethesda, md 20817.
1-888-695-2668.
if you are not satisfied with our response, and are in the european union, you may have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority.
effective date.
january 9, 2020.
last update.
march 31, 2020.
california information sharing disclosure.
california civil code sections 1798.
115(c), 1798.
130(a)(5)(c), 1798.
130(c), and 1798.
140 indicate that organizations should disclose whether the following categories of personal information are collected, transferred for “valuable consideration,” or transferred for an organization’s “business purpose” (as those terms are defined under california law).
we do not “sell” your personal information.
the table below indicates the categories of personal information we collect and transfer in a variety of contexts.
please note that because this list is comprehensive, it may refer to types of information that we collect and share about people other than yourself.
for example, while we transfer credit card or debit card numbers for our business purpose in order to process payments for orders placed with us, we do not collect or transfer credit card or debit card numbers of individuals that submit questions through our website’s “contact us” page.
categories of personal information we collect.
to whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
identifiers – this may include real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number or other similar identifiers.
advertising networks.
affiliates or subsidiaries.
business partners.
data analytics providers.
data brokers.
government entities, as may be needed to comply with law or prevent illegal activity.
internet service providers.
joint marketing partners.
operating systems and platforms.
other service providers.
payment processors and financial institutions.
professional services organizations, this may include auditors and law firms.
social networks.
additional categories of personal information described in the california customer records statute (cal.
civ.
code § 1798.
80(e)) – this may include signature, physical characteristics or description, state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, and other financial information, medical information, and health insurance information.
characteristics of protected classifications – this may include age, sex, race, ethnicity, physical or mental handicap, etc.
commercial information – this may include information about products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
biometric information.
internet or other electronic network activity information – this may include browsing history, search history, and information regarding an individual’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
geolocation data.
audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
professional or employment-related information.
non-public education information (as defined in the family educational rights and privacy act).
inferences drawn from any of the information listed above.
about grammatech.
about grammatech.
codesonar.
distributors.
customers.
news.
contact.
contact us.
codesonar support.
research.
distributors.
careers.
resources.
resources.
on demand recordings.
datasheets.
case studies.
white papers.
shift left academy.
blog.
industry solutions.
embedded.
automotive.
industrial automation.
medical.
aerospace & defense.
© 2021, grammatech, inc.
all rights reserved.
codesonar and codesentry are registered trademarks of grammatech, inc.
terms of use | privacy policy | site map.
