news.
press.
contact.
shopgo to shopladdersgo to laddersfolding stepsstepladdersrung laddersladder scaffoldstelescopic laddershousehold laddersgarden laddersfruit laddersstair laddersrenovation laddersspare partsgo to spare partsspare parts for folding stepsspare parts for stepladdersspare parts for runged laddersspare parts for ladder scaffoldsspare parts for waste binsspare parts for built-in waste binswaste binsgo to waste binswaste bins, free-standingwaste separation systemsbuilt-in waste binsrecycling binsbin liner standsflame-extinguishing waste paper baskets and ashtrays standbathroom waste binskitchen waste binsoffice waste binsworkshop waste binsnappy binsaccessoriesgo to accessoriesaccessories for folding steps & stepladdersaccessories for rung ladders & ladder scaffoldsaccessories for waste binsvarious productsgo to various productscare wallsfeeding stationhygienic waste binsspecial offerstop productsgo to top productshailo fresh - hygienic waste binhailo tp1 - stairs platformhailo easyclix - replacement feetaward-winning hailo productstrbs 2121-2go to shopladdersgo to laddersfolding stepsstepladdersrung laddersladder scaffoldstelescopic laddershousehold laddersgarden laddersfruit laddersstair laddersrenovation ladderswaste binsgo to waste binswaste bins, free-standingwaste separation systemsbuilt-in waste binsrecycling binsbin liner standsflame-extinguishing waste paper baskets and ashtrays standbathroom waste binskitchen waste binsoffice waste binsworkshop waste binsnappy binsvarious productsgo to various productscare wallsfeeding stationhygienic waste binsspare partsgo to spare partsspare parts for folding stepsspare parts for stepladdersspare parts for runged laddersspare parts for ladder scaffoldsspare parts for waste binsspare parts for built-in waste binsaccessoriesgo to accessoriesaccessories for folding steps & stepladdersaccessories for rung ladders & ladder scaffoldsaccessories for waste binsspecial offerstop productsgo to top productshailo fresh - hygienic waste binhailo tp1 - stairs platformhailo easyclix - replacement feetaward-winning hailo productstrbs 2121-2.
built-in technologygo to built-in technologywaste separation systemsgo to waste separation systemstandemterzettspace-saver-tandemcargo synchrocargoeasy cargoeuro cargoeuro cargo scargo softxxltriple xlseparato kbottom mountrondofunctional systemsgo to functional systemshailo liberorapidstepfix built-in folding stepkick and gocare wallbuilt-in waste binsgo to built-in waste binsmonobig boxsoloökoflexbuilt-in recycling binlaundry carego to laundry carelaundry carrierorganizer modulesorganizer systemsgo to organizer systemspet stationpantry box storage systemon top system pull-out shelvingsecco towel raildeposito spice rackvario pull-out utensil storecarry pull-out cleaning material rackbuilt-in technology accessories & additionsgo to built-in technology accessories & additionshailo kittyon top containerwall-bracket for flex-hosetrash-bagsproduct overviewtype of installationsgo to type of installationsswing - fitment systems for hinged door cabinetsslide - fitment systems for front-mount-door cabinetsinset - fitment systems for installation into standard-drawersspare parts for fitted waste binsfind a dealergo to built-in technologywaste separation systemsgo to waste separation systemstandemterzettspace-saver-tandemcargo synchrocargoeasy cargoeuro cargoeuro cargo scargo softxxltriple xlseparato kbottom mountrondobuilt-in waste binsgo to built-in waste binsmonobig boxsoloökoflexbuilt-in recycling binorganizer systemsgo to organizer systemspet stationpantry box storage systemon top system pull-out shelvingsecco towel raildeposito spice rackvario pull-out utensil storecarry pull-out cleaning material rackfunctional systemsgo to functional systemshailo liberorapidstepfix built-in folding stepkick and gocare walllaundry carego to laundry carelaundry carrierorganizer modulesbuilt-in technology accessories & additionsgo to built-in technology accessories & additionshailo kittyon top containerwall-bracket for flex-hosetrash-bagsproduct overviewtype of installationsgo to type of installationsswing - fitment systems for hinged door cabinetsslide - fitment systems for front-mount-door cabinetsinset - fitment systems for installation into standard-drawersspare parts for fitted waste binsfind a dealer.
professionalyou are entrepreneur – go to professionalladder systems for buildings and machine installationsgo to ladder systems for buildings and machine installationsladders without accessoriesladders with a safety cagefixing systems for laddersfixed stepladdersrear safety cage system comp.
safety cabinetsroof railings ladder exitaccess aidsgo to access aidslowerable access aidsextendable access aidscrossing platformsair feed and ventilation systemsgo to air feed and ventilation systemspassive ventilationprofessional accessoriesgo to professional accessoriesaccessories for laddersaccessories for manhole laddersaccessories for fall protection systemsaccessories for manhole coverscrossings & platformsgo to crossings & platformsfixed crossover platformswork & rescue platformsfoldable resting platformsfall protection systemsgo to fall protection systemsrail system h50rail system a11h-8 rope systemguard railtripodextension armpersonal protective equipmentfall safety protection deviceswinchesfloor gatesladder systems for shaft structuresgo to ladder systems for shaft structuresshaft laddersrear safety cage systemh-csl cable shaft ladder systemfixings for manhole ladder systemsshaft coversgo to shaft coversraised manhole coversflush manhole coversburglar-resistant manhole covershailo cabel shaft cover type h-cscheavy-duty cover type hs14hydraulic opening system for heavy-duty shaft coversinspection unitstraining coursesinspection & maintenanceproduct registrationapplicationsyou are entrepreneur – go to professionalladder systems for buildings and machine installationsgo to ladder systems for buildings and machine installationsladders without accessoriesladders with a safety cagefixing systems for laddersfixed stepladdersrear safety cage system comp.
safety cabinetsroof railings ladder exitcrossings & platformsgo to crossings & platformsfixed crossover platformswork & rescue platformsfoldable resting platformsladder systems for shaft structuresgo to ladder systems for shaft structuresshaft laddersrear safety cage systemh-csl cable shaft ladder systemfixings for manhole ladder systemsaccess aidsgo to access aidslowerable access aidsextendable access aidscrossing platformsfall protection systemsgo to fall protection systemsrail system h50rail system a11h-8 rope systemguard railtripodextension armpersonal protective equipmentfall safety protection deviceswinchesshaft coversgo to shaft coversraised manhole coversflush manhole coversburglar-resistant manhole covershailo cabel shaft cover type h-cscheavy-duty cover type hs14hydraulic opening system for heavy-duty shaft coversair feed and ventilation systemsgo to air feed and ventilation systemspassive ventilationfloor gatesinspection unitsprofessional accessoriesgo to professional accessoriesaccessories for laddersaccessories for manhole laddersaccessories for fall protection systemsaccessories for manhole coverstraining coursesinspection & maintenanceproduct registrationapplications.
inspirationgo to inspirationliving & diyhouse & gardenall about laddersall about wastego to inspirationliving & diyhouse & gardenall about laddersall about waste.
servicego to serviceservice shopgo to service shopcustomer supportspare parts serviceauthorised online dealersshipping and paymentright of cancellationcancellation formfaqservice for suppliersgo to service for suppliersprocurement programsupplier self-disclosurehailo supplier portalservice built-in technologygo to service built-in technologyspare partsdealer directorytraining and service offermedia database/installation instructionqualitycare instructionsservice professionalgo to service professionaltraining coursesinspection and maintenanceproduct registrationapplicationsshipping & paymentfind a dealerhailo waste disposal reminderdownloadsgo to serviceservice shopgo to service shopcustomer supportspare parts serviceauthorised online dealersshipping and paymentright of cancellationcancellation formfaqservice built-in technologygo to service built-in technologyspare partsdealer directorytraining and service offermedia database/installation instructionqualitycare instructionsservice professionalgo to service professionaltraining coursesinspection and maintenanceproduct registrationapplicationsshipping & paymentservice for suppliersgo to service for suppliersprocurement programsupplier self-disclosurehailo supplier portalfind a dealerhailo waste disposal reminderdownloads.
news.
press.
contact.
privacy policy.
data protection at a glance.
general notes.
the following notes provide a simple overview of what happens to your data when you visit our website.
personal data is all the  data you can be personally identified with.
you can find detailed information on the subject of data protection in our data protection declaration listed below this text.
data collection on our website.
who is responsible for the data collection on this website.
the person responsible for data processing on this website is.
hailo-werk  rudolf loh gmbh & co.
kg  daimlerstr.
8  d-35708 haiger.
phone.
+49 (0) 2773 / 82 - 0 e-mail.
.
representative.
jörg lindemann, rainer haupt.
how do we collect your data.
your data is collected when you provide us with this information.
this can be data that you enter into a contact form, for example.
other data is automatically collected by our it systems when you visit the website.
this is mainly technical data (e.
g.
internet browser, operating system or time of the page call).
what do we use your data for.
we use your data only for the purpose for which it was collected.
this can be the establishment of contact, sending a newsletter or the initiation and processing of business.
part of the data will be used to ensure that the website is error-free in accordance with art.
6(1)(f).
further data can be used to analyse user behaviour.
what rights do you have regarding your data.
you have the right to receive information free of charge about the origin, recipient and purpose of your stored personal data at any time.
you also have the right to demand the correction, blocking or deletion of this data.
you can contact us at any time for this and further questions on the subject of data protection.
furthermore, you have the right to appeal to the competent supervisory authority.
analysis tools and third-party tools.
when you visit our website, your surfing behaviour can be statistically evaluated.
this happens mainly with cookies and with so-called analysis programs.
the analysis of your surfing behaviour is usually anonymous.
the surfing behaviour cannot be traced back to you.
you can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools.
you will find detailed information on this in the following privacy policy.
you can contradict this analysis.
information regarding the possibility of objection is in this privacy policy.
general notes and compulsory information.
we would like to point out that data transmission on the internet (e.
g.
communication by e-mail) can have security gaps.
complete protection of data against access by third parties is not possible.
right of objection and revocation.
in accordance with art.
21 dsgvo, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your data, which is carried out based on art.
6 para.
1 a dsgvo (data processing based on your consent) and art.
6 para.
1 b dsgvo (data processing for the fulfilment of contractual obligations).
you can send the objection without any form requirements to .
rights of data subjects.
you have the right to information in accordance with art.
15 dsgvo, the right to correction in accordance with art.
16 ds-gvo, the right to deletion in accordance with art.
17 dsgvo, the right to restriction of processing in accordance with art.
18 dsgvo and the right to data transferability in accordance with art.
20 ds-gvo.
if you request the direct transfer of the data to another responsible person, this will only occur if it is technically feasible.
concerning the right of information and the right of deletion, the restrictions according to §§ 34 and 35 bdsg-neu apply.
in addition, there is a right of appeal to a data protection supervisory authority (art.
77 dsgvo in conjunction with § 19 bdsg).
a list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found at the following link.
.
transmission to third parties.
your data will only be transmitted to third parties if you have given your consent or if it is necessary to complete the order.
we only work with contract processors who offer sufficient guarantees that suitable technical and organisational measures are used, which are in accordance with the legal requirements for data protection and ensure the protection of the rights of the persons concerned.
right of appeal to the competent supervisory authority.
in the event of violations of data protection law, the person concerned has a right of appeal to the competent supervisory authority.
the competent supervisory authority in matters of data protection law is the state data protection commissioner of the federal state in which our company is based.
a list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found at the following link.
.
right to data transferability.
you have the right to have data, which we process automatically based on your consent or in fulfilment of a contract, handed over to you or a third party in a common, machine-readable format.
if you request the direct transfer of the data to another responsible person, this will only occur if it is technically feasible.
ssl or tls encryption.
for security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or inquiries that you send to us as the site operator, this site uses ssl or tls encryption.
you can recognise an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from " to " and by the lock symbol in your browser line.
if the ssl or tls encryption is activated, the data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.
encrypted payment transactions on this website.
if there is an obligation to provide us with your payment data (e.
g.
account number for direct debit authorisation) after the conclusion of a contract with costs, this data is required for payment processing.
payment transactions via the usual means of payment (visa/mastercard, direct debit) are carried out exclusively via an encrypted ssl or tls connection.
you can recognise an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from " to " and by the lock symbol in your browser line.
in the case of encrypted communication, any payment data that you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.
information, blocking, deletion.
within the framework of the applicable legal provisions, you have the right to obtain information free of charge at any time about your stored personal data, its origin and recipients and the purpose of the data processing and, if applicable, a right to correct, block or delete this data.
for this purpose, as well as for further questions on the subject of personal data, you can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint.
objection to advertising mails.
we hereby object to the use of contact data published within the scope of the imprint obligation to send advertising and information material not expressly requested.
the operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited sending of advertising information, for example through spam emails.
data protection officer.
data protection officer required by law.
we have appointed a data protection officer for our company.
the contact details of our external data protection officer are.
neto consulting münchener str.
74 83022 .
data collection on our website.
cookies.
the internet pages partly use so-called cookies.
cookies do not damage your computer and do not contain viruses.
cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, effective and safer.
cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.
most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies".
they are automatically deleted at the end of your visit.
other cookies remain stored on your device until you delete them.
these cookies enable us to recognise your browser on your next visit.
you can set your browser to inform you about the setting of cookies and to allow cookies only in individual cases, to exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general and to activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser.
if you disable cookies, the functionality of this website may be limited.
cookies, which are necessary for the electronic communication process or for the provision of certain functions you require (e.
g.
shopping basket function), are stored based on art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f dsgvo.
the website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies for the technically error-free and optimised provision of his services.
insofar as other cookies (e.
g.
cookies to analyse your surfing behaviour) are stored, these are treated separately in this data protection declaration.
server log files.
the provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us.
these are.
browser type and version.
operating system used.
referrer url.
the hostname of the accessing computer.
time of the server request.
ip address.
this data is not merged with other data sources.
the basis for data processing is art.
6 para.
1 letter b dsgvo, which permits the processing of data for the fulfilment of a contract or pre-contractual measures.
contact form.
if you send us enquiries via the contact form, your details from the enquiry form, including the contact data you provide there, will be stored by us to process the enquiry and in the event of follow-up questions.
we will not pass on this data without your consent.
the processing of the data entered in the contact form is thus exclusively based on your consent (art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a dsgvo).
you can revoke this consent at any time.
for this purpose an informal communication by e-mail to us is sufficient.
the legality of the data processing operations carried out up to the time of revocation shall remain unaffected by the revocation.
the data you enter in the contact form will remain with us until you request us to delete it, revoke your consent for storage or the purpose for which the data was stored no longer applies (e.
g.
after your request has been processed).
mandatory statutory provisions - in particular retention periods - remain unaffected.
registration on this website.
you can register on our website to use additional features on the site.
we use the data entered for this purpose only to use the respective offer or service for which you have registered.
the mandatory data requested during registration must be provided in full.
otherwise, we will refuse the registration.
for important changes, such as changes to the scope of the offer or technically necessary changes, we will use the e-mail address provided during registration to inform you in this way.
the data entered during registration is processed based on your consent (art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a dsgvo).
you can revoke any consent you have given at any time.
for this purpose an informal communication by e-mail to us is sufficient.
the legality of the data processing already carried out remains unaffected by the revocation.
the data collected during registration is stored by us for as long as you are registered on our website and is then deleted.
legal retention periods remain unaffected.
processing of data (customer and contract data).
we collect, process and use personal data only to the extent that they are necessary for the establishment, content or modification of the legal relationship (inventory data).
this is done based on art.
6 para.
1 lit.
b dsgvo, which permits the processing of data for the fulfilment of a contract or pre-contractual measures.
we collect, process and use personal data about the use of our website (usage data) only to the extent necessary to enable or charge the user for the use of the service.
the collected customer data will be deleted after completion of the order or termination of the business relationship.
legal retention periods remain unaffected.
newsletter.
if you have agreed, we will inform you about us and our offers.
if you would like to receive the newsletter, we require a valid email address, confirmation that you are the owner of the email address provided and that you agree to receive the newsletter.
further data is not collected.
the e-mail address you enter will be stored by us to send the newsletter.
as soon as you unsubscribe from the newsletter, it will be deleted.
when you register for the newsletter, we save your ip address and the date of registration.
this storage serves solely to document our correction.
you can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time, either through a link in the newsletter itself or by notifying us, and thus revoke your consent to receive the newsletter with effect for the future.
data transfer upon conclusion of contract for online shops, dealers and dispatch of goods.
we only transfer personal data to third parties if this is necessary for the execution of the contract, for example to the companies entrusted with the delivery of the goods or the credit institution commissioned with the handling of payments.
a further transmission of the data does not take place or only if you have expressly agreed to the transmission.
your data will not be passed on to third parties without your express consent, for example for advertising purposes.
the basis for data processing is art.
6 para.
1 letter b dsgvo, which permits the processing of data for the fulfilment of a contract or pre-contractual measures.
analysis tools and advertising.
google analytics.
this website uses functions of the web analysis service google analytics.
the provider is google inc, 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa.
google analytics uses so-called "cookies".
these are text files which are stored on your computer and which enable an analysis of your use of the website.
the information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a google server in the usa and stored there.
the storage of google analytics cookies is based on art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f dsgvo.
the website operator has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user behaviour to optimise both his website and his advertising.
amplitude.
our website uses the analytics service amplitude, which is operated by amplitude, inc.
, 501 2nd street, suite 100 san francisco, ca 94107, usa.
interactions with the service are logged for analysis purposes and then evaluated.
for this purpose, information about the respective end device is processed, such as installer id and ip address and also information about user behaviour.
this data is transferred to the data processor's servers in the usa.
in the event that personal data is transferred to the usa and assurance needs to be given that the international transfer of data is regulated by a data transfer mechanism, we have concluded eu standard contractual clauses and, as a conclusion, segment.
io has undertaken to guarantee compliance with european data protection principles and the local level of data protection, including within the scope of data processing that takes place in the usa.
the legal basis for the data processing described above is formed by art.
6 (1) (b) gdpr (essential requirement to perform data processing to fulfil the contract).
please refer to the privacy policy from amplitude for further information about amplitude.
.
segment.
the service provided by segment.
io inc, (100 california st suite 700, san francisco, california 94111, usa), ("segment"), helps us to manage and analyse the technical user data generated through the use of our services or collected by services provided by third parties using the technologies described in sec.
2 here.
the data processed over segment.
io does not allow your person to be identified directly but does contain, for instance, ip addresses and device identifiers which are used to identify individual user processes.
part of the data processing performed within the scope of segment.
io takes place on segment servers in the usa.
in the event that personal data is transferred to the usa and assurance needs to be given that the international transfer of data is regulated by a data transfer mechanism, we have concluded eu standard contractual clauses and, as a conclusion, segment.
io has undertaken to guarantee compliance with european data protection principles and the local level of data protection, including within the scope of data processing that takes place in the usa.
the legal basis for the data processing described above is formed by art.
6 (1) (b) gdpr (essential requirement to perform data processing to fulfil the contract).
please refer to the privacy policy from segment for further information about segment.
.
ip anonymization.
we have activated the ip anonymisation function on this website.
as a result, your ip address will be truncated by google within member states of the european union or in other signatory states to the agreement on the european economic area before being transmitted to the usa.
only in exceptional cases is the full ip address transferred to a google server in the usa and shortened there.
on behalf of the operator of this website, google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on the website activities and to provide further services to the website operator in connection with the use of the website and the internet.
the ip address transmitted by your browser within the framework of google analytics is not merged with other data from google.
browser plugin.
you may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
you can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your ip address) to google and the processing of this data by google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link.
.
opposition to data collection.
you can prevent the collection of your data by google analytics by clicking on the following link.
an opt-out cookie is set to prevent the collection of your information during future visits to this site.
deactivate google analytics.
more information on how google analytics handles user data can be found in the google privacy policy.
.
contract data processing.
we have concluded a contract with google for commissioned data processing and fully implement the strict requirements of the german data protection authorities when using google analytics.
demographic characteristics in google analytics.
this website uses the "demographic features" function of google analytics.
this allows reports to be created that contain information about the age, gender and interests of the site visitors.
this data is derived from interest-based advertising by google as well as from visitor data from third parties.
this data cannot be assigned to a specific person.
you can deactivate this function at any time via the ad settings in your google account or generally prohibit the collection of your data by google analytics as described in the section "objection to data collection".
google analytics remarketing.
our websites use the functions of google analytics remarketing in conjunction with the cross-device functions of google adwords and google doubleclick.
the provider is google inc, 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa.
this feature allows you to link the advertising target groups created with google analytics remarketing to the cross-device capabilities of google adwords and google doubleclick.
in this way, interest-based, personalised advertising messages that have been adapted to you on one device (e.
g.
mobile phone) can also be displayed on another of your devices (e.
g.
tablet or pc), depending on your previous usage and surfing behaviour.
if you have given permission, google will link your web and app browsing history to your google account for this purpose.
this allows the same personalized advertising messages to be delivered on any device you sign in to with your google account.
to support this feature, google analytics collects google-authenticated user ids that are temporarily linked to our google analytics data to define and create audiences for cross-device advertising.
you can permanently opt-out of cross-device remarketing/targeting by disabling personalised advertising in your google account, following this link.
.
the summary of the data collected in your google account is based solely on your consent, which you can give or withdraw to google (art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a dsgvo).
in the case of data collection transactions that are not merged with your google account (e.
g.
because you do not have a google account or have objected to the merger), the collection of data is based on art.
6, para.
1, lit.
f, dsgvo.
the legitimate interest results from the fact that the website operator has an interest in the anonymised analysis of the website visitors for advertising purposes.
further information and the privacy policy can be found in google's privacy policy at.
.
google adwords and google conversion tracking.
this website uses google adwords.
adwords is an online advertising program of google inc, 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, united states ("google").
in the context of google adwords, we use so-called conversion tracking.
when you click on an ad served by google, a cookie is set for conversion tracking.
cookies are small text files that the internet browser stores on the user's computer.
these cookies lose their validity after 30 days and are not used to personally identify users.
if the user visits certain pages of this website and the cookie has not expired, google and we may recognise that the user clicked on the ad and was redirected to that page.
every google adwords customer receives a different cookie.
the cookies cannot be tracked on the websites of adwords customers.
the information collected using the conversion cookie is used to generate conversion statistics for adwords customers who have opted in to conversion tracking.
customers are told the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag.
however, you will not receive information that can be used to identify users personally.
if you do not wish to participate in tracking, you can opt-out of this use by slightly disabling the google conversion tracking cookie on your web browser under user preferences.
they will then not be included in the conversion tracking statistics.
the storage of "conversion cookies" is based on art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f dsgvo.
the website operator has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user behaviour to optimise both his website and his advertising.
more information about google adwords and google conversion tracking can be found in the google privacy policy.
.
you can set your browser to inform you about the setting of cookies and to allow cookies only in individual cases, to exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general and to activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser.
if you disable cookies, the functionality of this website may be limited.
google recaptcha.
we use "google recaptcha" (hereinafter "recaptcha") on our websites.
the provider is google inc, 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa ("google").
the purpose of recaptcha is to check whether the data input on our websites (e.
g.
in a contact form) is done by a human being or by an automated program.
for this purpose, recaptcha analyses the behaviour of the website visitor based on various characteristics.
this analysis starts automatically as soon as the website visitor enters the website.
for analysis purposes, recaptcha evaluates various information (e.
g.
ip address, time spent on the website by the website visitor or mouse movements made by the user).
the data collected during the analysis is forwarded to google.
the recaptcha analyses run completely in the background.
website visitors are not informed that an analysis is taking place.
data processing is carried out based on art.
6 para.
1 letter f dsgvo.
the website operator has a legitimate interest in protecting his web offers from abusive automated spying and spam.
for more information about google recaptcha and google's privacy policy, please see the following links.
and .
facebook pixel.
our website uses the visitor action pixel of facebook, facebook inc.
1601 s.
california ave, palo alto, ca 94304, usa ("facebook") to measure conversion.
this allows the behaviour of site visitors to be tracked after they have been redirected to the provider's website by clicking on a facebook ad.
this allows the effectiveness of facebook ads to be evaluated for statistical and market research purposes and future advertising measures to be optimised.
the collected data is anonymous for us as the operator of this website, we cannot draw any conclusions about the identity of the users.
however, the data is stored and processed by facebook, so that a connection to the respective user profile is possible and facebook can use the data for its advertising purposes, in accordance with the facebook data usage policy.
this allows facebook to allow advertisements to be placed on pages on facebook and outside of facebook.
this use of the data cannot be influenced by us as a site operator.
you will find further information on the protection of your privacy in the facebook data protection information.
.
you can also disable the custom audiences remarketing feature in the advertising settings section of  you must be logged in to facebook for this.
if you do not have a facebook account, you can disable usage-based advertising from facebook on the european interactive digital advertising alliance website.
.
using the hotjar utility.
this website uses the web analytics service hotjar of hotjar ltd.
on some websites.
hotjar ltd.
is a european company based in malta (hotjar ltd, level 2, st julians business centre, 3, elia zammit street, st julians stj 1000, malta, europe).
with this tool, movements on the websites where hotjar is used can be traced (so-called heat maps).
for example, you can see how far users scroll and which buttons users click on how often.
furthermore, the tool also allows you to obtain feedback directly from the users of the website.
in this way, we obtain valuable information to make our websites even faster and more customer-friendly.
the securatek gmbh & co.
kg pays particular attention to the protection of your data when using this tool.
so we can only understand which buttons are clicked, the course of the mouse, how far it scrolls, the screen size of the device, device type and browser information, geographic location (country only) and the preferred language to display our website.
areas of the websites in which personal data of you or third parties are displayed are automatically hidden by hotjar and can therefore not be traced at any time.
hotjar offers each user the possibility of preventing the use of the hotjar tool by means of a "do not track" header so that no data about the visit of the respective website is recorded.
this is a setting that all common browsers support in current versions.
for this purpose, your browser sends a request to hotjar with the information to deactivate the tracking of the respective user.
if you use sipgate websites with different browsers/computers, you will need to set up the "do not track header" for each of these browsers/computers separately.
you can find detailed instructions with information about your browser at.
.
more information about hotjar ltd.
and the hotjar tool is available at.
.
the privacy policy of hotjar ltd.
can be found at.
.
hubspot.
on this website, we use hubspot for our online marketing activities.
hubspot is a software company from the usa with a subsidiary in ireland.
contact.
hubspot, 2nd floor 30 north wall quay, dublin 1, ireland, telephone.
+353 1 5187500.
this is an integrated software solution with which we cover various aspects of our online marketing.
these include among others.
email marketing (newsletters as well as automated mailings, for example, to provide downloads), social media publishing & reporting, reporting (e.
g.
traffic sources, accesses etc.
) contact management (e.
g.
user segmentation & crm), landing pages and contact forms.
our registration service allows visitors to our website to learn more about our company, download content and provide their contact information and other demographic information.
this information as well as the contents of our website are stored on servers of our software partner hubspot.
they can be used by us to contact visitors to our website and to determine which services of our company are of interest to them.
all information collected by us is subject to this privacy policy.
we use all the information we collect solely to optimise our marketing activities.
we also use hubspot's live chat service "messages" (round chat icon at the bottom right of the screen) to send and receive messages on some sub-pages to improve the user experience on our site.
if you agree and use this function, the following data will be transmitted to the servers of hubspot.
content of all sent and received chat messages.
context information (e.
g.
page on which the chat was used).
optional.
user's email address (if provided by the user via chat function).
the legal basis for the use of hubspot's services is art.
6 i f ds-gvo - legitimate interest.
our legitimate interest in using this service is to optimise our marketing efforts and improve the quality of our service on the website.
hubspot is certified under the eu - u.
s.
privacy shield framework and is subject to truste's privacy seal and the u.
s.
- swiss safe harbor framework.
learn more about hubspot´s privacy policy.
more information about cookies at hubspot can be found under cookies set and cookies used.
live chat (chat files).
in addition to the purely informative use of our website and the registration with the customer account, there is the possibility to interact with us via live chat.
to improve the user experience in our applications, we offer communication via the hubspot live chat service.
we process the information and messages you send us for this purpose.
if you use the live chat, we can see if and when you have read a message.
this way we know how to best reach you.
please do not provide us with sensitive information or account details via live chat.
you enter the data into the chat.
for the use of live chat, data may be processed outside the eu.
the processor is subject to the obligation of the us/eu privacy shield, which obliges them to fully comply with the german data protection laws.
because we know that the processed data may represent sensitive information for you, the sending of sensitive documents via chat is not intended.
we store your data as long as your customer account is active, to be able to access the entire communication process in case of queries.
microsoft advertising we use microsoft advertising conversion tracking, an analytics service from microsoft corporation.
(one microsoft way, redmond, wa 98052-6399, usa.
"microsoft advertising").
these cookies expire after 30 days and are not used for personal identification.
if you visit certain pages on our websites and the cookie has not yet expired, both we and microsoft advertising can recognise that the someone clicked on the ad and was redirected to our website as a consequence.
each microsoft advertising customer receives a different cookie.
this means that these cookies cannot be tracked through the microsoft advertising' customers' websites.
the information gathered using the conversion cookie is used to generate conversion statistics for microsoft advertising advertisers who have opted for conversion tracking.
microsoft advertising customers are told the total number of users who have clicked on their ad and were redirected to a page embedded with a conversion tracking tag.
they do not receive any information that personally identifies users.
you can find more information and the microsoft advertising privacy statement at.
.
(1) processing companies microsoft ireland operations ltd.
, one microsoft place, south county business park, leopardstown, dublin 18, ireland.
(2) data protection information contacting the data protection officer at microsoft.
place of processing is the european union and worldwide.
the retention period for cookies is 30 days, with log data, 9 or 18 months.
recipient of the data is microsoft and its global divisions, and the transfer of data to third countries is global.
(3) data processing purposes in order to be able to measure and improve our advertising measures.
(4) data collected this list contains all the data collected by or through the use of this service.
your web request, the ip address, the browser type, the browser language, the date and time of your request as well as one or more cookies which may uniquely identify your browser.
(5) legal basis in the following, the legal basis required for processing personal data according to art.
6 (1) gdpr is given.
art.
6 (1) (1) (a) gdpr (consent).
(6) further information and opt-out click on one of the following links to read the data processor's privacy policy and, if required, obtain further information and grant consents to microsoft.
plugins and tools.
youtube.
our website uses plugins from the youtube page operated by google.
the operator of these pages is youtube, llc, 901 cherry ave.
, san bruno, ca 94066, usa.
when you visit one of our sites equipped with a youtube plugin, a connection to the youtube servers is established.
this tells the youtube server which of our pages you have visited.
if you are logged in to your youtube account, you allow youtube to assign your surfing behaviour directly to your profile.
you can prevent this by logging out of your youtube account.
youtube is used in the interest of an attractive presentation of our online offers.
this constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f dsgvo.
for more information on how we handle user data, please see the youtube privacy policy at .
vimeo.
our website uses plugins from the video portal vimeo.
the provider is vimeo inc.
555 west 18th street, new york, new york 10011, usa.
when you visit one of our sites equipped with a vimeo plugin, a connection to the vimeo servers is established.
this tells the vimeo server which of our pages you have visited.
vimeo also obtains your ip address.
this also applies if you are not logged in to vimeo or do not have an account with vimeo.
the information collected by vimeo is transferred to the vimeo server in the usa.
if you are logged in to your vimeo account, you allow vimeo to assign your surfing behaviour directly to your profile.
you can prevent this by logging out of your vimeo account.
for more information about how vimeo handles user data, please refer to the vimeo privacy policy at .
google web fonts.
this site uses so-called web fonts, which are provided by google, for the uniform display of fonts.
when you call up a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into its browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly.
for this purpose, the browser you use must connect to google's servers.
through this, google gets knowledge that our website was accessed via your ip address.
the use of google web fonts is in the interest of a uniform and attractive presentation of our online offers.
this constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f dsgvo.
if your browser does not support web fonts, a default font is used by your computer.
for more information about google web fonts, please visit  and google's privacy policy.
.
google bigquery.
we use google bigquery, a data management service from google.
bigquery is a high storage cloud platform for data management and complex data analysis.
google maps.
this site uses the map service google maps via an api.
the provider is google inc, 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa.
to use the functions of google maps it is necessary to store your ip address.
this information is usually transferred to a google server in the usa and stored there.
the provider of this site does not influence this data transmission.
the use of google maps is in the interest of an attractive presentation of our online offers easy findability of the locations we have indicated on the website.
this constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f dsgvo.
for more information on how we handle user data, please refer to google's privacy policy.
.
integration of the trusted shop trustbadge.
this serves to safeguard our legitimate interests, which outweigh the interests of the parties concerned, in the best possible marketing of our products and services in accordance with art.
6 para.
1 sentence 1 letter f dsgvo.
the trust badge and the services advertised with it are an offer of trusted shops gmbh, subbelrather str.
15c, 50823 cologne.
when the trust badge is called up, the web server automatically saves a so-called server log file, which contains e.
g.
your ip address, date and time of the call, transferred data volume and the requesting provider (access data) and documents the call.
this access data is not evaluated and is automatically overwritten at the latest seven days after the end of your visit to the site.
other personal data is only transferred to trusted shops if you have consented to this, decide to use trusted shops products after completing an order or have already registered for use.
in this case, the contractual agreement between you and trusted shops applies.
social bookmarks so-called social bookmarks (e.
g.
from facebook, instagram, pinterest or youtube) are integrated on our website.
social bookmarks are internet bookmarks that allow users of such a service to collect links and news items.
these are only included on our website as links to the corresponding services.
after clicking on the integrated graphic, you will be redirected to the page of the respective provider, i.
e.
only then will user information be transferred to the respective provider.
for information on how your data is handled when using these websites, please refer to the respective data protection regulations of the providers.
payment processing.
payments with a credit card, sofort, giropay and paypal are processed by bs payone gmbh, lyoner straße 9, d-60528 frankfurt/main, germany, which is certified according to the payment card industry data security standard (pci dss).
your credit card information is collected and processed directly by bs payone and is not stored by us.
when paying with sofort, the online payment system of sofort gmbh, theresienhöhe 12, d-80339 munich, the online banking data (pin and tan) entered by you in the digital transfer form provided by sofort gmbh in the course of the ordering process will be transmitted encrypted by sofort gmbh to your bank for the execution of the transfer.
your online banking data is neither stored by us nor by sofort gmbh.
when paying with paypal (europe), s.
à r.
l.
et cie, s.
c.
a.
, 22-24 boulevard royal, l-2449 luxembourg, the bank details you have deposited with paypal will be used by paypal for payment.
we have no access to this data.
the transmission of your payment data to the respective payment service provider is only carried out as far as this is necessary for payment processing.
the legal basis is art.
6 para.
1 sentence 1 b dsgvo.
for the use of the above-mentioned payment services, the terms and conditions and privacy policies of the respective providers apply.
you will be informed of this separately before using the respective service.
you can access the bs payone gmbh data protection declaration via the following link.
.
sofort gmbh is part of the klarna group (klarna bank ab (publ), sveavägen 46, 111 34 stockholm, sweden).
you can access the data protection declaration by clicking on the following link.
.
you can access paypal's privacy policy via the following link.
.
copyright © 2022 hailo.
all rights reserved.
* all prices incl.
19﹪ vat (may vary depending on the country) plus shipping costs, if not described otherwise.
subscribe to our shop newsletter (home & business) and receive a 15% discount voucher for your next purchase in the hailo shop.
with our free newsletter you will always stay up to date and benefit from great offers.
