1 hal24k privacy policy.
hal24k respects your preferences concerning the collection and use of your personal information and is fully committed to respecting and protecting your privacy and personal information.
our privacy policy contains important information about what personal details we collect.
what we do with that information.
who we may share it with and why.
and your choices and rights when it comes to the personal information you have given us.
we may need to make changes to our privacy policy.
so please check the hal24k website for updates from time to time.
this version of our privacy policy was last updated 29 june 2018.
2 hal24k and your personal information.
you may access hal24k website ( or any associated hal24k website (each a website) anonymously and without revealing any personal information (except as referred to below under cookies).
however, from time to time, and in order to provide you with information concerning products or services that you are interested in, hal24k may request personal information from you either via the hal24k website or via information that has been provided to hal24k in other ways.
personal information is information that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual.
personal information may include, but is not limited to.
•    your name and physical address, email addresse(s), and telephone number(s)•    behavioral or demographic attributes, when tied to personal identifiers•    information about your company such as the name, size and location of your company and your role within the companyhal24k may also collect other information through your interaction with and use of our website and which does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual.
other information may include, but is not limited to.
•    unique ids such as a cookie placed on your computer, mobile or device ids•    internet protocol address ("ip address") and information derived from your ip address such as your geographic location•    information about your devices such as information contained in http headers (defined below) or other internet transfer protocol signals, browser or device type and version, operating system, user-agent strings and information about or from the presence or use of "apps" on your mobile devices, screen resolution, and your preferred language.
•    behavioral data about your usage of our website, such as webpages clicked, websites and content areas visited, date and time of activities•    the web search you used to locate and navigate to our website.
in some instances, we may combine other information with personal information, such as deriving geographical location from your ip address and combining behavioral data about your usage of the channels with your name.
if we combine other information with personal information, we will treat the combined information as personal information.
as a hal24k website user or registrant, you are always entitled to update your personal information if necessary, ask any questions about this privacy policy and contact the hal24k data protection office with regard to all issues related to controlling and processing of your personal data and to exercise your right under the gdpr you can contact the hal24k privacy and data protection office at .
hal24k will not sell, rent or otherwise disclose this information to any third party, except as described in this privacy policy under section 9 .
hal24k maintains all personal information as private to the best of the company’s ability.
however, personal information may be disclosed under the limited circumstances described below, and by submitting your personal information, you agree that hal24k may do so.
hal24k has connected legal entities, business processes, management structures, and technical systems that cross borders.
this privacy policy applies to all hal24k websites and domains.
3 collection of personal information.
to participate in certain activities and to obtain certain services or information offered on our a website, you will be asked to provide varying amounts of personal information.
you understand and agree that the personal information provided by you that is collected by us via one of our websites may be held on computers in various jurisdictions around the world.
in addition to the information you provide, hal24k may also collect information during your visit to a hal24k website through automated data collection tools, which may include web beacons, cookies, embedded web links, and other commonly used information-gathering tools.
these tools collect certain standard information that your browser sends to our website such as your browser type and language, access times, and the address of the website from which you arrived at a hal24k website.
they may also collect information about your internet protocol (ip) address, clickpath behavior (i.
e.
the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions you take in connection with hal24k websites) and product information.
hal24k may also use some of these automatic data collection tools in connection with certain emails sent from hal24k and therefore may collect information using these tools when you open the email or click on a link contained in the email.
4 how hal24k uses personal information.
hal24k uses your personal information to better meet individual needs, to respond to specific requests for information, to improve or configure product or service specifications, and to make you aware of new or similar products or services in which you might be interested.
hal24k reserves the right to call or send registrants email communications from time to time regarding product, services and company updates, technical or administrative issues, legal notices or important information considered valuable or essential to you.
hal24k does not intentionally send unsolicited emails to anyone who has requested that hal24k should not contact them.
hal24k will never use your personal information as part of its other commercial activities (eg ai projects).
5 what information is shared.
hal24k may share non-personal, non-individual information from which individuals cannot be identified and which do not relate to individuals in aggregate form with third parties for business purposes, such as consultants and advisors to the company.
any company that hal24k shares personally identifiable information with will have executed a confidentiality agreement, requiring that they keep all data received confidential.
hal24k will not disclose personal information to any third parties without your consent except in the following very limited circumstances.
5.
1 partners and agents.
hal24k shares information with trusted partners and agents who provide specific services you have requested and/or administer information offered at a hal24k website, for example, service providers who help manage, track and respond to customer inquiries, information requests, etc.
hal24k may also share information with authorized resellers, licensees and integration partners, who may be better suited to reply directly in response to your specific inquiries about hal24k products and services.
these parties do not use or otherwise disclose any information except as authorized agents for the purpose of providing the products and services that you have requested or administering the activities on hal24k’s behalf or participating in joint initiatives with hal24k.
5.
2 third party vendors.
we occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including packaging, mailing and delivering materials, sending postal mail, processing registrations or sending emails.
we will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
5.
3 legal requirements and investigations.
hal24k will disclose your personal information to a third party if required to do so by law or if, in good faith, hal24k believes that such action is necessary to.
(1) comply with the law or with legal process.
(2) protect and defend the company’s rights and property or prevent fraud.
(3) protect the company against abuse, misuse or unauthorized use of hal24k products or services.
or (4) protect the personal safety or property of personnel, users or the public (among other things, this means that if you provide false or deceptive registration information or attempt to pose as someone else, information about you including your computer’s ip address – may be disclosed to a third party (including the recipient of an email) as part of any type of investigation into your actions.
6 ip addresses.
an ip address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you are using your browser on the internet.
the servers that operate hal24k websites automatically identify a computer by its ip address.
if hal24k, in good faith, determines that you have used the service to menace, threaten, harass, intimidate or otherwise deceptively pose as another person, your actions will be investigated and your ip address may be disclosed to the recipient of any email, their legal counsel or representatives, and law enforcement officials as part of such an investigation.
7 cookies.
a cookie is a small file that is saved onto your computer or other device when you visit our website.
cookies store small pieces of information.
for example - they will remember you've visited our website or performed a certain action.
we use cookies to help us improve your experience when you visit our website.
for example, a cookie might store information so you don't have to keep entering it.
cookies also let us know which pages of our website you visited.
they help us develop and market our products and services and can be in two formats.
•    persistent cookies - these stay valid, and will work until their expiry date (unless you delete them before they expire)•    session cookies - these expire when you close your web browser.
when you visit a website, hal24k may place a “cookie” on your browser in order to improve your experience by recognizing you when you visit the website and in order to allow the company to optimize the information presented based on your demonstrated areas of interest.
cookies may also be used to compile information about website usage.
this information can be used to enhance the content of a website and make your experience more informative.
if you subsequently provide us with personal information such as your email address, we will associate any cookies on your browser with that information such that you will no longer be an anonymous visitor to the site.
if you’ve set your browser to reject cookies, you can still use our websites, but you may need to re-enter information that would normally be obtained from the cookie (for example, your email address).
you can also set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies.
if you do, you will receive a warning message each time the website attempts to place a cookie on your computer.
8 linked websites.
our website may contain links to other websites.
please be aware that hal24k is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites.
hal24k encourages users to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each website they visit that collects personal information.
while hal24k carefully chooses the websites to link to, this privacy policy applies solely to information collected on hal24k’s own websites.
9 sale of assets.
hal24k may transfer its database, including personal information contained therein, to a third party who acquires all or substantially all of the assets of hal24k whether by merger, acquisition, disinvestment reorganization or otherwise.
10 how to opt-out.
when you provide personally identifiable information through a form on a hal24k website, you have the option to opt-in to receiving communication from hal24k.
if you opt-in and change your mind at any time, you may tell the company that you do not wish to receive these messages by sending an email at or by following the “unsubscribe” instructions at the bottom of any email newsletter you receive.
11 data protection and information security.
hal24k employs administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction of the personal information you provide to hal24k.
where one of hal24k’s partners or agents has access to or maintains sensitive personal information, the company enters into confidentiality agreements in order to ensure the privacy of such user information priori to sharing that information.
internally, access to all users’ and registrants’ personally identifiable information is restricted to those employees who need access in order to fulfil their job responsibilities.
servers for our websites are stored in a physically secured, offsite, facility.
our dimension saas application is hosted on the microsoft azure cloud platform.
microsoft’s security credentials can be found here (.
while the goal is to safeguard personal information, hal24k cannot ensure or warrant the security of any transmission and your information is submitted at your own risk.
12 where your information is processed.
the majority of your information is processed in the netherlands and european union (eu).
however, some of your information may be processed by us or the third parties we work with outside of the eu, including countries such as the usa.
where your information is being processed outside of the eu, we take additional steps to ensure that your information is protected to at least an equivalent level as would be applied by eu data privacy laws e.
g.
we will put in place legal agreements with our third-party suppliers and do regular checks to ensure they meet these obligations.
13 how long we keep your information.
we will keep your personal information only where it is necessary to provide you with our products or services while you are a customer or prospective customer.
we may also keep your information after this period where required to meet our legal or regulatory obligations.
the length of time we keep your information for these purposes will vary depending on the obligations we need to meet.
14 acceptance of privacy policy and notification of changes.
by using a hal24k website you signify your acceptance of this privacy policy, which applies to all hal24k websites, as amended from time to time in accordance with this paragraph.
if you do not agree with the content of this privacy policy, please do not use our website.
hal24k may revise this privacy policy from time-to-time and reserves the right to do so.
if hal24k decides to change this privacy policy, the company will post the new policy on our website.
as policies are subject to change at any time and without prior notice, hal24k encourages you to check the website whenever you might have questions or concerns.
if at any point hal24k decides to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, hal24k will notify users by way of an email to obtain their consent as a condition of doing so.
you will still have the opportunity to elect not to have hal24k use your information in this different manner.
hal24k will not use your information other than in accordance with the privacy policy under which it was collected absent permission to do otherwise.
15 review, modify or delete your information.
if you prefer not to receive information from us or would like to update or change your personal information or preferences, follow the instructions below to review, modify or delete your personal information.
to modify the information that you have provided during registration, please send an email to.
unsubscribe from an email, please follow the instructions in any email you receive.
if you request your registration information be deleted or if you unsubscribe from communications, we may maintain information about business transactions for record keeping purposes.
16 complaints.
if you have a data privacy complaint, please contact us by email at.
or by mail at.
hal24k data privacyhal24k b.
v.
hullenbergweg 2781101 bv amsterdamnetherlands.
to find out more about how hal24k labs can harness your data and transform operations.
call us.
+31 850 653 926.
email us.
.
or use our online contact form.
copyright 2015-2022 hal24k labs - privacy policy.
