chinese.
|.
extranet login.
home.
specificationsspecifications overviewhdmi specification 2.
1ahdmi 2.
1a overview8k60 / 4k120ultra high speed hdmi cabledynamic hdrsource-based tone mapping (sbtm)enhanced audio return channel (earc)enhanced gaming featuresvariable refresh rate (vrr)auto low latency mode (allm)quick frame transport (qft)quick media switching (qms)cable powerhdmi specification 1.
4bpremium cablehdmi alt mode usb type-c.
specifications overview.
hdmi specification 2.
1ahdmi 2.
1a overview8k60 / 4k120ultra high speed hdmi cabledynamic hdrsource-based tone mapping (sbtm)enhanced audio return channel (earc)enhanced gaming featuresvariable refresh rate (vrr)auto low latency mode (allm)quick frame transport (qft)quick media switching (qms)cable power.
hdmi 2.
1a overview.
8k60 / 4k120.
ultra high speed hdmi cable.
dynamic hdr.
source-based tone mapping (sbtm).
enhanced audio return channel (earc).
enhanced gaming features.
variable refresh rate (vrr).
auto low latency mode (allm).
quick frame transport (qft).
quick media switching (qms).
cable power.
hdmi specification 1.
4b.
premium cable.
hdmi alt mode usb type-c.
adoptersbecoming an adopternew hdmi adoptershdmi foundershdmi adoptersembedded licenseesterminated adoptersenforcement search toolabout hdmi forumadopter-only extranet.
becoming an adopter.
new hdmi adopters.
hdmi founders.
hdmi adopters.
embedded licensees.
terminated adopters.
enforcement search tool.
about hdmi forum.
adopter-only extranet.
resourcesresources overviewhdmi cablestesting policiestest equipment manufacturersauthorized test centers (atc)trademarks guidelineshdmi logosroyalty discountschinese resourcesenforcement search toolapproved connectors.
resources overview.
hdmi cables.
testing policies.
test equipment manufacturers.
authorized test centers (atc).
trademarks guidelines.
hdmi logos.
royalty discounts.
chinese resources.
enforcement search tool.
approved connectors.
press events socialpress releasesannouncementseventshdmi blog poststweets licensingpress resourcesarchivespress releasesannouncementsblogs.
press releases.
announcements.
events.
hdmi blog posts.
tweets licensing.
press resources.
archivespress releasesannouncementsblogs.
press releases.
announcements.
blogs.
hdmi la privacy policy.
hdmi licensing administrator, inc.
privacy policies.
hdmi la privacy policy.
hdmi® licensing administrator, inc.
(hdmi® la) is the agent appointed by the hdmi forum to license version 2.
x of the hdmi specification and is the agent appointed by the hdmi founders to license all earlier hdmi specifications by visiting our sites or using any of our services, you agree that your information, including your personal information, will be handled as described in this policy, which is incorporated by reference into our terms of use.
what information do we collect about you and why.
we collect information directly from you, including personal information(collectively, “information” unless necessary to distinguish between personal information and other information).
this may include when you request information from us, contact us, or request to become an authorized reseller or licensed hdmi adopter(where applicable).
it may also include information necessary to conduct business processing such as hdmi adopter-related data concerning licensing, royalty, and compliance.
the type of information that we collect about you depends upon your particular interaction with us, but may include your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and any other information that you choose to submit to us.
we also collect information about your use of our sites through cookies and tracking applications such as google analytics(please see our section below entitled “cookies and other tracking” for additional information).
this is used to provide a better website experience.
use of your information.
we use the information that we collect about you for the following purposes.
to provide our services and products to you, to respond to your inquiries, to communicate with you about your use of our services, and for other customer service purposes.
to better understand how users access and use our sites and services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis.
to improve our sites and our services.
sharing your information.
we may share your information with the persons/entities below for the following business process purposes.
we will not share your personal information with non-affiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes and we do not sell your information.
service providers.
we may disclose the information we collect from you to third party service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf.
for example, these providers may help us administer our sites or perform transactional services.
business transfers.
if we are acquired by or merged with another company, if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the acquiring company.
in response to legal process.
we also may disclose the information we collect from you to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order or other legal process, such as in response to a subpoena.
to protect ourselves and others.
we also may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or violations of our terms of use or this policy.
cookies and other tracking technologies.
we use cookies and similar technologies to track user activity and collect site data.
we may combine this data with the personal information we have collected from you.
cookies.
cookies allow a web server to transfer data to a computer for recordkeeping and other purposes.
we use “cookies” on our sites to, among other things, better serve you with tailored information and facilitate your ongoing access to and use of the sites.
session cookies.
session cookies exist only during an online session.
they disappear from your computer when you close your browser or turn off your computer.
we use session cookies to allow our systems to uniquely identify you during a session or while you are logged in to the sites.
persistent cookies.
persistent cookies remain on your computer after you have closed your browser or turned off your computer.
we use persistent cookies to track aggregate and statistical information about user activity.
third party cookies.
we use third parties, such as google analytics, to track and analyze movement throughout our sites.
disabling cookies for our public website.
most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer you can edit your browser options to block them in future.
the help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
visitors to our public website who disable their web browsers’ ability to accept cookies will be able to browse the sites.
important to note that users of our hdmi adopter extranet website must enable cookies so that their unique adopter login credentials can be validated and the site can keep users logged in and continue to conduct services.
pixel tags and other technologies.
we may sometimes use pixel tags on our adopter extranet site, which are tiny graphics with a unique identifier similar in function to cookies to track the activities of website visitors, help us manage content, and compile statistics about website usage.
we and our third party service providers may also track e-mails to our customers, to help us track e-mail response rates.
third-party links.
at times, our sites may contain links to third party websites.
any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this policy, but, instead, is governed by the privacy policies of those third party websites, and we are not responsible for the information practices of such third party websites.
user generated content.
certain of our sites contain our blogs and twitter site.
any information that we post comes from public information and we may, for example, retweet or post on something we see.
how secure is information about me.
we have implemented commercially reasonable precautions, including, where appropriate, password protection, encryption, and ssl to protect our sites and the information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
the companies and third parties we share information with in order to conduct our business processes and with whom we may share your user data are aware of our requirements for compliance.
please be aware that despite our best efforts, no data security measures can guarantee 100% security all of the time.
you should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, computer, and web-enabled devices, among other things, by signing off after using a shared computer, inserting a password on your web-enabled device, choosing a password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your password private.
you should never share your log-in information with others.
we are not responsible for any lost, stolen or compromised passwords, or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
can i access and modify my personal information.
if you submitted your information on our sites, you may update your information by emailing please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified or deleted may continue to reside in our systems for a period of time.
what choices do i have.
from time to time, we may send you informational emails, primarily related to hdmi adopter-only information including important updates.
if, at any time, you would like to stop receiving these emails, please follow the opt-out instructions contained in any such e-mail.
please note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process opt-out requests, and that your opt-out pertains only to the receipt of marketing and advertising promotions and not for issues related to your service.
terms of use.
your use of our sites, and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this policy and our terms of use (available on this website) including applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes.
consent to transfer information to the united states.
if you are located outside of the united states, please note that information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the united states.
by using our sites and services, you consent to the transfer and processing of your information in the united states, which in some cases may not have data protection laws that provide the same level or types of protection that exists in other countries.
your consent is voluntary.
if, however, you do not consent, then we may not be able to provide you with our services.
children under 13.
our site is not designed for persons under 13.
changes to this policy.
we may change this policy from time to time.
we will post any changes to our policy to our sites.
if we make any changes to this policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected from you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change, by highlighting the change on the sites or by sending an email to you at the email address that you have registered with us.
contact us.
if you have any questions, comments or concerns, please contact us.
effective date.
june, 2019.
hdmi® licensing administrator, inc.
(hdmi la) is the agent appointed by the hdmi forum to license version 2.
1a of the hdmi specification and is the agent appointed by the hdmi founders to license earlier hdmi specifications.
latest posts.
upcoming events.
hdmi blog posts.
follow .
useful links.
about hdmi technology.
about hdmi technology.
becoming an adopter.
becoming an adopter.
trademarks & logos.
trademarks & logos.
our contacts.
usa.
2022 © all rights reserved.
privacy policy.
|.
terms of use.
|.
login.
