call now.
330-650-4212  manufacturing & accounting solutions since 1990.
home.
companycompany profileexecutivescareersdealerscontacttestimonials terms of useprivacy notice.
company profile.
executives.
careers.
dealers.
contact.
testimonials.
terms of use.
privacy notice.
productsvisual estitrack erpoverviewfeaturesscreen shotsvisual booksoverviewfeaturesscreen shotsgl report writeroverviewfeaturesscreen shotsexec.
dashboardoverviewfeaturesscreen shotsfixed assetsivetshop kiosk systemtouch scheduling board.
visual estitrack erpoverviewfeaturesscreen shots.
overview.
features.
screen shots.
visual booksoverviewfeaturesscreen shots.
overview.
features.
screen shots.
gl report writeroverviewfeaturesscreen shots.
overview.
features.
screen shots.
exec.
dashboardoverviewfeaturesscreen shots.
overview.
features.
screen shots.
fixed assets.
ivet.
shop kiosk system.
touch scheduling board.
servicesselecting softwareimplementationtrainingspecialized developmentcourses and scheduling.
selecting software.
implementation.
training.
specialized development.
courses and scheduling.
newsuser conferencestrade showsarticles.
user conferences.
trade shows.
articles.
supportsupport main page.
support main page.
contact.
industriesgeneral job shopstool and die shopsassembly shopsfabricatorsdistributorssheet metal shopsscrew machine shopspowdered metal shops.
general job shops.
tool and die shops.
assembly shops.
fabricators.
distributors.
sheet metal shops.
screw machine shops.
powdered metal shops.
more infodownload brochurefree demo.
download brochure.
free demo.
site map.
henning industrial software, inc.
fully respects and protects your personal privacy and has provided this privacy policy to transparently share how your information is collected, used, shared, and retained.
this privacy policy applies to the use of the  website and notices applies solely to information collected by this web site.
it will notify you of the following.
what personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used, and with whom it may be shared.
what choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
the security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
information collection, use and sharing.
we are the sole owners of the information collected on the site.
we only have access to collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you.
we will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
we will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.
we will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.
g.
, to ship an order.
disclosure of your personal information would only be released if forced by law officials, including court order, warrant or subpoena.
unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email, phone or carrier in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, software updates, or changes to this privacy policy.
your access to and control over information.
you may opt out of any future contact from us at any time.
you can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on or web site.
see what data we have about you, if any.
change/correct any data we have about you.
have us delete any data we have about you.
express any concern you have about our use of your data.
security.
henning software is based in the united states.
the henning software website and all of its data is securely stored on servers within the united state of america.
we take precautions to protect your information.
when you submit sensitive information via the web site, your information is protected both online and offline.
links.
this web site contains links to other sites.
please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites.
we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
cookies.
the henning software website does not use “cookies.
”.
privacy policy last updated.
may 25, 2018.
