product.
pricing.
customers  seetymood.
seetymood.
developers.
news & trends.
login.
sign up.
schedule a demo.
privacy policy.
connecthings, corp.
, and its parents and affiliates (collectively “herow”, “we”, “us”, or “our”), are committed to keeping any and all personal information collected from individuals that visit our website and who use our products, software and services (collectively, “services”) confidential, secure and private.
by accessing and using our website and services, you (“you” or “your”) acknowledge and agree that you accept the policies set forth in this privacy policy (the “privacy policy”) as a condition of your use of our services.
if your use of the services is through or on behalf of an organization or corporate entity, you are agreeing to accept the policies set forth in this privacy policy on behalf of such organization or entity, and are representing to us that you are authorized to do so.
this privacy policy shall be equally applicable to parties that contract with us to deliver advertisements and other information to third parties via our services (“customers”), as well as those third parties that receive such advertisements or other information from customers via the services (“end users”).
for the avoidance of doubt, the term “content” as used herein shall mean any and all content furnished by any customers and deployed via mobile applications or beacons to an end user.
where this privacy policy refers to “you” rather than to customers or end users, that provision shall be deemed to refer collectively to both customers and end user.
capitalized terms that are not defined in this privacy policy have the meanings given to them in the applicable terms and conditions document.
the terms of the applicable terms and conditions are hereby incorporated by reference and shall operate to govern the customers’ use of the services (provided, however, that end users shall use the services in accordance with the acceptable use policy found therein).
information we collect.
customer information.
we collect and use the following information from customers to provide, improve and protect our services.
we may collect certain information that customers specifically and intentionally provide to us.
for example, when a customer places an order with us, we may collect personal information about you such as the name of your business entity, a contact email address and phone number, and physical address.
when a customer voluntarily consents to receive our newsletter, we may collect personal information to deliver the newsletter to the customer.
additionally, as part of our services, you will have the ability to upload, store and share certain files with us, along with data and information related to them.
we may also collect financial information that you choose to share with us, such as your business entity’s credit or debit card number, billing address, and other billing information.
other unique information that we may collect includes product and service preferences, and contact preferences.
to the extent that an individual, and not a business entity, is a customer, we may collect all of the above information about the individual customers, as well as your age, sex, educational and employment background.
to the extent that the customer is a business entity, the data above may be provided to herow by a designated entity within your company (such as a member of your purchasing/it/facility management department).
for the avoidance of doubt, all information collected from a customer hereunder shall be known as “customer information.
”.
end user information.
we may collect certain information that end users specifically and intentionally provide to us.
for example, an end user may provide us with their name, email address, phone number, age, sex, and physical address.
we collect certain information about end users when such end users receive content from customers and otherwise use the services.
herow relies on unique mobile device identifier to collect information about an end user’s location (which includes, without limitation, the end user’s geographical location and gps coordinates), the time of day and the device the end user is using to access the services, the end user’s internet protocol address, browser type, language, and metrics regarding the end user’s behavior with respect to certain pieces of content.
for the avoidance of doubt, all information collected from end users hereunder shall be “end user information”.
herow may use the end user information as set forth herein.
end users that do not wish to be identified may disable location services of their mobile device or disallow permission to access location for the mobile application installed with connnecthings’ sdk.
however, this may cause the services to function improperly or prevent the end user from accessing the services.
personal information of children.
we do not and will not knowingly allow anyone under 13 years of age to provide us any personal identifying information.
users of the services will be deemed to have full control over their products and user accounts, and must ensure that no children under the age of 13 use our services in any manner which would provide us or any third party with any personal information of a child.
if we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
if you believe that we might have any personal information about a child under age 13, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
how we collect information.
we use various technologies to collect the information described above, and to provide, improve and protect our services, which may include the use of cookies, beacons, device identifiers, and pixel tags.
for example, cookies are small data files stored on an end user’s mobile device that enable our website to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
if we use cookies, we will do so in order to understand and save an end user’s preferences for future visits, compile aggregate data about website traffic and interaction so that we can offer a better user experience and tools in the future.
end users can set their browser to not accept cookies, but this may limit your experience with, and ability to use, the services.
access to and control of personal information.
customers can access, review and/or update their user profile and settings at  which will allow the customers to modify, update, or restrict access to certain information.
use of information.
we may use your information to.
enhance or improve end user experience, our software development kit or “sdk” that end users install in their mobile applications, website, or our service.
process transactions.
send e-mails about our website or respond to inquiries.
send e-mails and updates about herow, including our e-mail newsletter.
send third party offers.
deliver our service to you, such as by tracking customer service, contact, historical, and locational data relating to you and the end users.
perform any other function that we believe in good faith is necessary to protect the security or proper functioning of our website or service.
third party access to your information.
throughout the course of our provision of our service to you, we may delegate our authority to collect, access, use, and disseminate your information.
for example, our web host stores the information that you provide us through the website, and we may hire outside contractors to perform maintenance or assist us in securing our website.
​ it is therefore necessary that you grant the third parties we may use in the course of our business the same rights that you afford us under this privacy policy.
for this reason, you hereby agree that for every authorization which you grant to us in this privacy policy, you also grant to any third party that we may hire, contract, or otherwise retain the services of for the purpose of operating, maintaining, repairing, or otherwise improving or preserving our sdk, website or its underlying files or systems.
you agree not to hold us liable for the actions of any of these third parties, even if we would normally be held vicariously liable for their actions, and that you must take legal action against them directly should they commit any tort or other actionable wrong against you.
without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you authorize us to collect, share, store, distribute, exchange, analyze, and otherwise use customer information in conjunction with the following.
to provide customer information or end user information to trusted third parties to help us provide, operate, maintain and improve the services.
to use customer information or end user information to help personalize or improve the customers’s experience using services.
to use customer information to process transactions and assist you in completing a transaction or order.
to use customer information to keep customers apprised of herow’ latest product announcements, software updates, and upcoming events – however, you can opt out of receiving these messages at any time by updating your profile.
to use customer information or end user information to administer contests, promotions, surveys, or other features of our services.
to release certain information to our attorneys, accountants and professional advisors in order to help us comply with applicable laws, and to third parties as we deem necessary to enforce our website policies, or protect our rights, property, or safety, and/or the rights, property or safety of others.
if herow ale of all or substantially all of our assets, all information collected hereunder may be transferred as part of such transaction.
in such event, we will notify you of any such transaction, and explain your options in such event.
to provide you with the services, we may store, process and transmit information in locations around the world – including those outside your country.
information may also be stored locally on the devices you or end users use to access the services.
content and third party websites.
the services allow certain customers to deliver certain content to end users via a network of beacons and/or mobile applications.
such content may link to the websites, applications, products, and services of third parties (which third parties may or may not be customers).
herow is not responsible for the practices employed by third party websites linked to or provided through the services, the content, or for any information contained therein.
please note that once you leave any website, mobile application, or other instrumentality of the services, our privacy policy is no longer in effect.
end user browsing and interaction with any third party or customers website, product, or service, including those to which end users arrive at via content is subject to that third party’s own rules and policies.
please be sure to read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
additionally, end users shall be responsible for anything published or shared through such third party websites, and herow is not responsible for anything contained therein.
we expect our customers to use our services responsibly, and deliver appropriate content.
accordingly, content posted by customers is subject to our acceptable use policy and other content restrictions.
if you are an end user and you see any content which you believe violates this acceptable use policy, please contact us immediately.
notwithstanding the foregoing, herow disclaims any responsibility to end users for content posted, transmitted, or otherwise disseminated by customers via the services.
analytics.
we may implement analytics programs to track end user engagement with content.
these analytics programs may collect certain information about end users.
we will use such information in accordance with this privacy policy, but make no representations or warranties as to the use of this information by our analytics service providers.
security.
herow uses reasonable security controls to protect your data and information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
the personal information you provide us is stored on computer systems located in controlled facilities which have limited access, and only carefully selected, authorized personnel have access to unencrypted user information.
when collecting or transferring sensitive information such as credit card information, we use a variety of additional security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
when we transmit sensitive information over the internet, we protect it through the use of advanced encryption techniques, such as the secure socket layer (ssl) protocol, and firewall.
additionally, as part of real-time payment processing, herow may subscribe to fraud management services.
these services provide herow with an extra level of security to guard against credit card fraud and to protect your financial data.
despite these precautions, no security safeguards guarantee 100% security all of the time, and no guarantees are made with respect to the same.
how long we keep your information.
we retain your personal information in accordance with our data retention policies and practices.
the length of time we keep your information depends upon a number of factors, including the type of information.
in general, we retain personal information for as long as we have an ongoing business need to retain it.
following that period, we will delete it.
users from the european economic area.
legal basis for processing.
if you are an individual in the european economic area (eea), we collect and process information about you only where we have legal bases for doing so under applicable european union laws.
the legal bases depend on how you use the website or the services.
we need to collect and use the information for you to use the website.
our collection satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as for research and development, to market and promote the services and to protect our legal rights and interests.
you give us informed consent to do so for a specific purpose.
or.
we need to process your data to comply with a legal obligation.
if you have consented to our use of information about you for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your mind at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place.
where we are using your information because we or a third party (e.
g.
your employer) have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the website.
how to access or control your information.
the general data protection directive (gdpr) provides individuals in the eea certain rights with respect to their information.
these include the right to request a copy of your information, to object to our use of your information (including for marketing purposes), to request the deletion or restriction of your information, or to request your information in a structured, electronic format.
you can exercise these rights by contacting us at the address in the contact section below.
the gdpr provides that we may limit or deny your requests in certain cases.
for example, if fulfilling your request would reveal information about another person, or if you ask to delete information which we have compelling legitimate interests to keep, including as required by law.
you may have the right to complain to a data protection authority in the country where you live, where you work or where you feel your rights were infringed if you have concerns about your rights.
your california privacy rights (for california residents only).
section 1798.
83 of the california civil code requires select businesses to disclose policies relating to the sharing of certain categories of customers’ personal information with third parties.
these businesses are required to accept requests for disclosures of these policies from customers but are only required to honor one request per calendar year.
businesses have thirty (30) days to respond to each inquiry to the designated address.
each inquiring customer will receive an explanation of the categories of customer information shared and the names and addresses of any third-party businesses.
in limited circumstances, customers’ failure to submit requests in the manner specified will not require a response from the business.
if you are a california resident, you may request such information from us by sending a letter to the address listed below.
in your letter, please provide your name, address and email address, as well as a request that we provide such information to you, by using the following or similar language, “i request that herow provide its third-party information sharing disclosures required by section 1798.
83 of the california civil code.
”.
connecthings corporation 188 grand street new york, ny 10013 united states.
attn.
____________.
enforcement and dispute resolution.
if you have any questions, complaints or disputes regarding the manner in which we use or protect your information, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
we will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes in a reasonable time and in a manner that complies with the principles described in this policy.
we want to address your concerns without a formal legal claim.
before filing a claim against us, you agree to try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting us in accordance with this privacy policy.
we’ll try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting you via email.
if a dispute is not resolved within ninety (90) days of submission, either you or herow may begin formal legal action, subject to the terms of this privacy policy.
the validity, performance, construction, regulation and interpretation of this privacy policy shall be governed under the laws of france using the french language.
any dispute that might arise will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the court of paris.
changes to this policy.
this privacy policy is effective as of the effective date provided above.
we reserve the right to amend and revise our privacy policy at any time, with or without notice.
for example, we may amend or revise our privacy policy to comply with local, state, or federal laws or to accommodate changes in technology, or to accommodate the needs of our users.
this privacy policy may therefore be amended from time to time, consistent with applicable data protection and privacy laws and principles.
if we make any material changes to this privacy policy, we will post a notice on our website for 30 days from the date of any such material changes.
contacting us.
any questions or complaints about this privacy policy should be addressed to .
locations.
keep in touch.
subscribe to our newsletter and receive the latest news from herow.
mobile engagement.
user behaviors.
contextual engagement platform.
campaign management.
mobile notifications.
client results.
analytics.
segments.
campaigns.
platform.
support.
privacy.
in good company.
testimonials.
case studies – coming soon.
contextual engagement report.
transportation and travel report.
mobile usage trend.
retail and shopping apps.
developers.
get started.
ios.
android.
api.
context .
projet sitemanager.
news.
awards.
trends – coming soon.
reports – coming soon.
mobile apps.
team.
mission.
investors.
careers.
contact.
pricing.
privacy policy.
dmca policy.
legal notice.
copyright notice.
terms & conditions – us.
terms & conditions – eu.
subscribe to connecthings' newsletter.
about cookies.
privacy overview.
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website.
out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website.
we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website.
these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent.
you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies.
but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
