about us.
privacy policy.
this privacy statement ("privacy statement"), together with the terms of use and other published policies,documentation and guidelines, governs any interaction with holmusk usa, inc.
(“holmusk"or “we” or “us”) at our website at  or such other websites as we may own and operate from time to time that incorporate this privacy policy (each a "site"),including how we  collect, use, disclose,transfer or store personal information that you may provide to us through thesite, including email and other communications.
this privacy statement does not apply to information we may collect through any of our mobile applications,software or other products or services (each a “product”).
please take a moment to get acquainted with our policies and let us know if you have any questions.
we reserve the right to change or modify this privacy statement at our sole discretion at any time without prior notice to the users of the site and your continued use of the site following the posting of such changes shall mean that you have accepted those changes.
when we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our site p along with the updated privacy statement.
you are not required to provide any personal information in order to browse the site and learn more about holmuskand our company, products and research.
if you wish to learn more about any of holmusk’s products through the site, you may need to provide certain information to us through the site.
this privacy statement applies to information that we may collect from you through the site.
by using the site, or providing any personal information to holmusk through the site, you consent to the terms set forth in this privacy statement.
if you do not agree to the terms of this privacy statement, please discontinue your use of this site and do not provide any personal information to us through the site.
‍.
collection and use of personal information.
holmusk may collect two types of personal information about users.
"personal information" (which may include name, postal address, telephone number, e-mail address and other data) and"aggregate information" (such as non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from visitors to the site and other information regarding user activities on the site).
holmusk collects personal information in order to communicate with you and to provide the information or other services that you have requested.
for example, if you request information on our products or technology, we may use your personal information in order to respond.
if you sign up for our mailing lists or newsletter, we will use your information, including your email address, to send you our newsletters and updates.
holmusk may also collect and log certain information to help diagnose technical problems, administer and improve the quality of the site, analyze trends, track user movement around the site and gather demographic information about our customers and user base.
we may from time to time conduct surveys orother market research regarding our products, products in development or proposed designs and concepts.
we will use any responses in our research and development activities.
‍.
disclosure to third parties.
holmusk uses the personal information provided on or through its site in accordance with good commercial practices and applicable law.
holmusk does not share, sell or trade your personal information with third parties for marketing or promotional purposes.
however, holmusk may make your personal information available to its affiliates, service providers and strategic partners directly involved in the operation, performance, support and/or maintenance of the site or fulfilling your request.
for example, these companies may help holmusk process information, deliver email notices and the like, manage or store userdata, or provide customer service.
these companies are permitted to use the personal information only to provide holmusk with specific services, and not for any other purposes.
holmusk may also disclose personal information as required by law, to comply with requests of law enforcement or other government authorities or where holmusk believes it is necessary or appropriate to protect the safety, rights or property of holmusk, its employee sor others.
‍.
security.
holmusk will maintain commercially reasonable safeguards, including administrative, technical, and physical measures to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as unauthorized access,disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
notwithstanding the foregoing, no transmission of data over the internet is guaranteed to be completely secure.
it may be possible for third parties not under the control of holmusk to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully.
online privacy statement only.
this online privacy statement applies only to information collected through the site and not to information collected offline.
sale of holmusk assets.
inthe event that all or part of holmusk is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, your personal information may be included in the assets of holmusk.
you agree that we may transfer or assign the information we have collected from you as part of any such merger, acquisition,or other change of control.
in the event of our bankruptcy, insolvency,reorganization, receivership or assignment for the benefit of creditors, you understand and agree that holmusk may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred or used.
international users.
if you are accessing the site from the european union, asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from united states laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the site, which is governed by u.
s.
law and this privacy statement, you are transferring your personal information to the united states and you consent to that transfer and use as set forth in this privacy statement and our terms of use.
questions.
if you have questions about this privacy statement, please contact us at .
‍.
singapore.
new york.
london.
shanghai.
basel.
kuala lumpur.
durham (nc).
washington, d.
c.
