we use cookies to offer you a better experience, analyze site traffic, and serve targeted advertisements.
by continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our terms of use.
searchsearch.
searchsearch.
individuals.
companies and groups.
advisors and brokers.
searchsearch.
searchsearch.
fr.
connect                                    my client space                                    advisor centre                                    dealer centre (unifi)                                    partner centre (rave).
my client space.
advisor centre.
dealer centre (unifi).
partner centre (rave).
individuals homepage.
insurance                                            coverage                                                                        life insurance                                                                                                                                            car insurance                                                                                                                                            rv insurance                                                                                                                                            home insurance                                                                                                                                            mortgage insurance                                                                                                                                            health and disability insurance                                                                                                                                            travel insurance                                                                    tools                                                                        ia financial compass                                                                                                                                            term life insurance calculator                                                                                                                                            critical illness insurance calculator                                                                                                                                            see all tools                                                                    life events                                                                        moving in together                                                                                                                                            buying a home                                                                                                                                            having a child                                                                                                                                            starting a business                                                                                                                                            planning your retirement                                                                                                                                            see all life events                                                                    i am already a client                                                                        customer service                                                                                                                                            make a claim                                                                                                                                            find a form                                                                                                                                            my group insurance                                                                                                                                            change my address                                                                                                                                            change my beneficiary                                                                                                                                            connect to my client space                                                                    advice                                                                        advice zone                                                                                                                                            the value of an advisor.
coverage                                                                        life insurance                                                                                                                                            car insurance                                                                                                                                            rv insurance                                                                                                                                            home insurance                                                                                                                                            mortgage insurance                                                                                                                                            health and disability insurance                                                                                                                                            travel insurance.
life insurance.
car insurance.
rv insurance.
home insurance.
mortgage insurance.
health and disability insurance.
travel insurance.
tools                                                                        ia financial compass                                                                                                                                            term life insurance calculator                                                                                                                                            critical illness insurance calculator                                                                                                                                            see all tools                                                                    life events                                                                        moving in together                                                                                                                                            buying a home                                                                                                                                            having a child                                                                                                                                            starting a business                                                                                                                                            planning your retirement                                                                                                                                            see all life events.
ia financial compass.
term life insurance calculator.
critical illness insurance calculator.
see all tools.
moving in together.
buying a home.
having a child.
starting a business.
planning your retirement.
see all life events.
i am already a client                                                                        customer service                                                                                                                                            make a claim                                                                                                                                            find a form                                                                                                                                            my group insurance                                                                                                                                            change my address                                                                                                                                            change my beneficiary                                                                                                                                            connect to my client space                                                                    advice                                                                        advice zone                                                                                                                                            the value of an advisor.
customer service.
make a claim.
find a form.
my group insurance.
change my address.
change my beneficiary.
connect to my client space.
advice zone.
the value of an advisor.
savings and retirement                                            savings and investments                                                                        rrsp, tfsa and other plans                                                                    for my projects or my retirement                                                                        rrif, lif and annuities                                                                    for my retirement income                                                                        resp                                                                    for my children’s education                                                                        investment funds                                                                    segregated funds, mutual funds…                                                                        private wealth                                                                    stock market, stocks, bonds…tools                                                                        ia financial compass                                                                                                                                            retirement calculator                                                                                                                                            education savings calculator                                                                                                                                            rrsp loan calculator                                                                                                                                            rrsp calculator                                                                                                                                            see all tools                                                                    life events                                                                        saving for a project                                                                                                                                            moving in together                                                                                                                                            buying a home                                                                                                                                            having a child                                                                                                                                            starting a business                                                                                                                                            planning your retirement                                                                                                                                            see all life events                                                                    i am already a client                                                                        customer service                                                                                                                                            find a form                                                                                                                                            my group retirement plan                                                                                                                                            change my address                                                                                                                                            change my beneficiary                                                                                                                                            connect to my client space                                                                    invest better                                                                        fund performance and overview                                                                                                                                            guaranteed fund rates                                                                                                                                            economic and financial publications                                                                                                                                            economic news                                                                                                                                            advice zone                                                                                                                                            the value of an advisor.
savings and investments                                                                        rrsp, tfsa and other plans                                                                    for my projects or my retirement                                                                        rrif, lif and annuities                                                                    for my retirement income                                                                        resp                                                                    for my children’s education                                                                        investment funds                                                                    segregated funds, mutual funds…                                                                        private wealth                                                                    stock market, stocks, bonds….
rrsp, tfsa and other plans                                                                    for my projects or my retirement.
for my projects or my retirement.
rrif, lif and annuities                                                                    for my retirement income.
for my retirement income.
resp                                                                    for my children’s education.
for my children’s education.
investment funds                                                                    segregated funds, mutual funds….
segregated funds, mutual funds….
private wealth                                                                    stock market, stocks, bonds….
stock market, stocks, bonds….
tools                                                                        ia financial compass                                                                                                                                            retirement calculator                                                                                                                                            education savings calculator                                                                                                                                            rrsp loan calculator                                                                                                                                            rrsp calculator                                                                                                                                            see all tools                                                                    life events                                                                        saving for a project                                                                                                                                            moving in together                                                                                                                                            buying a home                                                                                                                                            having a child                                                                                                                                            starting a business                                                                                                                                            planning your retirement                                                                                                                                            see all life events.
ia financial compass.
retirement calculator.
education savings calculator.
rrsp loan calculator.
rrsp calculator.
see all tools.
saving for a project.
moving in together.
buying a home.
having a child.
starting a business.
planning your retirement.
see all life events.
i am already a client                                                                        customer service                                                                                                                                            find a form                                                                                                                                            my group retirement plan                                                                                                                                            change my address                                                                                                                                            change my beneficiary                                                                                                                                            connect to my client space                                                                    invest better                                                                        fund performance and overview                                                                                                                                            guaranteed fund rates                                                                                                                                            economic and financial publications                                                                                                                                            economic news                                                                                                                                            advice zone                                                                                                                                            the value of an advisor.
customer service.
find a form.
my group retirement plan.
change my address.
change my beneficiary.
connect to my client space.
fund performance and overview.
guaranteed fund rates.
economic and financial publications.
economic news.
advice zone.
the value of an advisor.
loans                                            products                                                                        rrsp loans                                                                    for my retirement                                                                        resp loans                                                                    for my children’s education                                                                         investment loan                                                                    for my financial prosperitytools                                                                        ia financial compass                                                                                                                                            rrsp loan calculator                                                                                                                                            see all tools                                                                    life events                                                                        buying a home                                                                                                                                            see all life events                                                                    i am already a client                                                                        customer service                                                                                                                                            change my address                                                                                                                                            change my beneficiary                                                                                                                                            connect to my client space                                                                    advice                                                                        advice zone                                                                                                                                            the value of an advisor.
products                                                                        rrsp loans                                                                    for my retirement                                                                        resp loans                                                                    for my children’s education                                                                         investment loan                                                                    for my financial prosperity.
rrsp loans                                                                    for my retirement.
for my retirement.
resp loans                                                                    for my children’s education.
for my children’s education.
investment loan                                                                    for my financial prosperity.
for my financial prosperity.
tools                                                                        ia financial compass                                                                                                                                            rrsp loan calculator                                                                                                                                            see all tools                                                                    life events                                                                        buying a home                                                                                                                                            see all life events.
ia financial compass.
rrsp loan calculator.
see all tools.
buying a home.
see all life events.
i am already a client                                                                        customer service                                                                                                                                            change my address                                                                                                                                            change my beneficiary                                                                                                                                            connect to my client space                                                                    advice                                                                        advice zone                                                                                                                                            the value of an advisor.
customer service.
change my address.
change my beneficiary.
connect to my client space.
advice zone.
the value of an advisor.
connect                                                my client space                                    advisor centre                                    dealer centre (unifi)                                    partner centre (rave).
my client space.
advisor centre.
dealer centre (unifi).
partner centre (rave).
about us.
careers.
contact us.
contact an advisor.
oops.
javascript is disabled.
to benefit from all the functionalities of our website, you must activate javascript in your browser's settings.
privacy policy for ia financial group.
ia financial group is composed of industrial alliance insurance and financial services inc.
and its subsidiaries (“we/us”).
together, we are committed to protecting our clients’, employees’ and representatives’ (“you/your”) privacy, and to ensuring the confidentiality of the personal information provided to us in the course of our business.
our privacy policy sets out our standards for collecting, using, disclosing and storing your personal information.
our privacy policy also explains how we safeguard your personal information and your right to access that information.
personal informationpersonal information is any information about an individual that identifies him or her, such as financial, lifestyle or health information, but not their name, or business title, address, telephone and email.
personal information has to be protected regardless of its characteristics or its form, whether written, graphic, audio, visual, computerized or any other form.
purpose of information collectioncollecting information about you is necessary in order for us to provide you with high quality services.
the nature and sensitivity of the information we collect about you varies according to the services we provide you and to legal requirements imposed on us (such as information required for tax purposes).
the purposes for which we collect personal information about you are identified at or before the time of collection.
for example, information may be collected while submitting an application, opening an account, or submitting a claim.
purposes for collecting information generally include providing products or services requested, confirming your identity, protecting against fraud, or dealing with matters concerning the relationship between us.
consentwhen we obtain personal information from you, we initially require your consent to collect, use or disclose the information for the purposes specified.
we will obtain your consent for any additional use, disclosure or collection, or if the purpose is changed.
we generally seek your express written consent in order to collect, use or disclose personal information.
where appropriate, we may accept your verbal consent.
occasionally, we may imply consent where we can infer consent from your action or inaction.
consent must be given by you or your authorized representative such as a legal guardian or a person having a power of attorney.
you may withdraw your consent at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions.
we will inform you of the consequences of such withdrawal, including the possibility that we may not be able to provide a product or process a request.
if you choose to withdraw your consent, we will record the decision in our file.
in limited circumstances, we may collect, use or disclose personal information without your knowledge and consent.
this occurs when legal, medical, or security reasons may make it impossible or impractical to seek consent, or when information is being collected for the investigation of a potential breach of contract, the prevention or detection of fraud, or for law enforcement purposes.
limits to collection, use and disclosurewe only collect the personal information we need directly from you or from a third party where you allow us to collect the information.
we cannot use your personal information for other purposes without your consent or disclose your personal information to anyone except with your consent.
we may however collect, use or disclose your personal information without your consent as permitted or required by law.
we limit the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information to the purposes we have identified to you.
your personal information is only accessible to certain authorized persons, and only to the extent necessary to perform their duties.
we will occasionally share your personal information with service providers or agents to ensure the proper administration of products, or to provide you with the services you require.
in certain circumstances, we may use service providers outside canada, including the united states.
we are responsible for the service provider’s compliance with privacy legislation, and will ensure that the level of protection of personal information is comparable to that provided by us.
you have the right to know, on request, to whom the information was disclosed.
only in rare instances are we prevented by law from making such disclosure.
we maintain accurate records, recording to whom we disclose personal information and in what circumstances it was disclosed.
sharing personal informationwe may establish a list of clients (names, addresses and telephone numbers) and share this list with companies within ia financial group.
you may request that your name be removed from such a list by writing to the privacy officer at the address provided below.
with your consent, we may also share your personal information with companies within ia financial group in order to know you better, better meet your needs and offer the best possible service and client experience.
if you do not want to receive such offers for products and services, you may choose not to provide your consent.
we do not sell your personal information to third parties.
accuracywe make every possible effort to ensure that your personal information is as accurate and complete as necessary for the purposes it is collected, used, or disclosed.
retention we only retain your personal information for as long as needed for the purposes that it was collected.
we must destroy this information in accordance with the law and our file retention guidelines.
when we destroy your personal information, we make sure that confidentiality is secured and that no unauthorized person can access the information during the destruction process.
accountabilitywe are responsible for your personal information in our possession or control, including information that may be transferred by us to third parties for processing.
we require such third parties to keep personal information under strict standards of privacy and protection.
we adhere to legislated and self-imposed rules, aimed to safeguard your privacy.
our privacy officer is responsible for the oversight of this privacy policy and processes and procedures that we have to protect your personal information.
additional rules are established in a code of conduct, market conduct standards as well as insurance industry guidelines and applicable law.
our staff is trained on these processes and procedures and is provided with information about privacy laws.
safeguardswe have implemented and continue to implement rigorous safeguards so that your personal information remains strictly confidential and is protected against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized use, disclosure, access, copying, or modification.
protection methods include organizational measures such as requiring security clearances and limiting access to a “need-to-know'' basis, physical measures (e.
g.
building access cards for employees, visitor registration and identification cards, off-site backups and archiving), and technological measures such as the use of passwords and encryption (e.
g.
the use of firewalls and routinely changing passwords).
request for access to information and amendmentsyou have the right to be informed whether we hold personal information about you and to see that information.
you also have the right to enquire as to how we collected your information, how we used it and to whom it may have been disclosed.
this information will be provided to you within a reasonable time from the date we receive your written request.
we may charge a reasonable fee for processing your request.
in certain limited and specific circumstances, we may refuse to provide to you the requested information.
exceptions to your access right can include information that contains references to other individuals, information that cannot be disclosed for legal, security or commercial proprietary reasons, information that has been obtained in the course of an investigation of a potential breach of contract or fraud, information that is prohibitively costly to provide, and information that is subject to litigation or other privilege.
in cases where we hold medical information about you, we may refuse to provide you with direct access to this information and may instead request that a health care professional be designated to provide the information to you.
you may challenge the accuracy and completeness of your personal information.
we will respond to an amendment request within a reasonable time.
any request for access to information or request for an amendment may be sent to the following address.
about ia.
careers.
contact us.
find an advisor.
make a claim.
connect to my client space.
advice zone.
sustainable development.
covid-19.
site map.
unsubscribe.
accessibility.
privacy and security.
terms of use.
unclaimed property.
invested in you.
© 2022 industrial alliance insurance and financial services inc.
– ia financial group.
all rights reserved.
