home.
news.
features.
language.
contact us.
download.
support.
buy now.
free trial.
support.
buy now.
try internet download manager for free.
download internet download manager (10 mb).
run .
exe file.
follow installation instructions.
install idm extension for your browser.
for google chromefor mozilla firefoxfor microsoft edge.
privacy policy.
tonec fze respects the privacy of all of our visitors and users and is committed to protecting such privacy in accordance with this privacy policy.
this privacy policy document explains our treatment of your personally identifiable information collected in connection with your activities on this website and related to internet download manager product.
1.
internet download manager website.
tonec fze will not collect or use any information about visitors of this site, and your visit to the web site is strictly anonymous.
2.
idm integration module add-ons and extensions.
"idm integration module" extensions for edge, chrome, and firefox based browsers does not collect any data or information except for the following case when it collects data			that is required to support idm (internet download manager) core functions.
when a browser starts a download that is going to be saved as a file on your local disk, and not displayed in the browser, and the file type matches file types in "options→file types" idm dialog,			or when you start a download by using idm pop-up menu or idm download panel, then "idm integration module" extensions for edge, chrome, and firefox			based browsers may collect only the data that is necessary to download this file in idm from this particular web site.
this data is necessary to start, or resume the download, or schedule this download in internet download manager.
the data may include url, internet address, cookies, encrypted credentials, query parameters, post data, namely all the data that the browser sends to the server when requesting the file.
this data is stored on your local computer until you delete this download from idm list of downloads.
to download a file, idm re-sends the original download query made by your browser.
idm sends the data only to the server where the browser sent it to, idm does not send this data to our servers, or any 3rd party servers.
3.
collection of information.
the "internet download manager" product on this website will not collect any information about you and has no spyware components inside of it.
tonec fze is not responsible or liable for any uncertified third party sites that may provide cracked versions of internet download manager or patches that contain spyware, malware, viruses, or other dangerous components.
4.
unsolicited advertising.
internet download manager does not provide any form of advertisements to its users and has no adware components inside of it.
5.
contractual obligation.
if you make a purchase from this website, you will be asked to provide your name, billing address, email and credit card information (if you have chosen credit card as payment method).
tonec fze will use such information only for processing your order and to send important product specific information such as receipt, license key and invoice.
the information you provide will not be used for any other commercial purposes			and will not be sold, rented, leased or otherwise forwarded to any third party with the exception of our subcontractor safecharge, which will process your orders and distribute the goods or services that you have requested.
6.
links to other sites.
this website may contain links to other web sites.
tonec fze does not monitor or control the content of such web site or whether such web sites collect or process your personal data.
accordingly, tonec fze assumes no responsibility or liability whatsoever for any kind of material available at such site and recommends that you review the separate privacy policies of such sites.
7.
changes to this policy.
tonec fze may occasionally update this privacy policy.
any changes will be posted to this site, so we encourage you to continuously review our privacy policy.
8.
contact information.
for questions regarding this privacy policy please email tonec fze at .
