productsproductsour products help improve performance and reduce downtime and energy consumption on production lines across the world.
productsair preparationdirectional control valveselectric actuatorsfittings, tubing & accessoriesfluid control valvesimi norgren guardian rangeintelligent pneumaticspneumatic actuatorspressure switchesproportional valvessafety valvesvacuumvalve islands.
products.
our products help improve performance and reduce downtime and energy consumption on production lines across the world.
products.
air preparation.
directional control valves.
electric actuators.
fittings, tubing & accessories.
fluid control valves.
imi norgren guardian range.
intelligent pneumatics.
pneumatic actuators.
pressure switches.
proportional valves.
safety valves.
vacuum.
valve islands.
expertiseexpertisewe have strong experience in a number of sectors and use our understanding of the technical challenges and legislative framework to develop pioneering platform products to answer specific needs.
expertiseauto in-plantcommercial vehiclescustomised control solutionsenergyfood & beverageindustrial automationlife science & medical solutionsmobile pneumaticsrailio-link.
expertise.
we have strong experience in a number of sectors and use our understanding of the technical challenges and legislative framework to develop pioneering platform products to answer specific needs.
expertise.
auto in-plant.
commercial vehicles.
customised control solutions.
energy.
food & beverage.
industrial automation.
life science & medical solutions.
mobile pneumatics.
rail.
io-link.
technical supporttechnical supportwe aim to help our customers get the most out of their products, enabling them to drive down the total cost of ownership.
technical supportproduct datasheetsinstallation & maintenance instructionscertificationcadconfiguratorsfinding alternativestrainingsoftwarecataloguesbrochuresmobile appproduct videoscalculatorsunit converteraugmented realityvirtual reality.
technical support.
we aim to help our customers get the most out of their products, enabling them to drive down the total cost of ownership.
technical support.
product datasheets.
installation & maintenance instructions.
certification.
cad.
configurators.
finding alternatives.
training.
software.
catalogues.
brochures.
mobile app.
product videos.
calculators.
unit converter.
augmented reality.
virtual reality.
aboutaboutwe are a world leader in fluid and motion control technologies, delivering exceptional solutions which improve the productivity and efficiency of our customers' equipment.
aboutcareersresponsible businesshistorycontact.
about.
we are a world leader in fluid and motion control technologies, delivering exceptional solutions which improve the productivity and efficiency of our customers' equipment.
about.
careers.
responsible business.
history.
contact.
helphelpwe want you to have the resources you need to help you select and order the best products, quickly and efficiently.
helpordering & purchasingdelivery.
help.
we want you to have the resources you need to help you select and order the best products, quickly and efficiently.
help.
ordering & purchasing.
delivery.
privacy.
legal.
cookies policy.
legal.
privacy policy.
terms & conditions.
privacy policy.
this site and mobile application called “norgren express app” (together, the “website”) is operated by norgren taiwan co.
ltd ("we" or "us").
by using and visiting our website and by submitting your personal information to us, you agree to us using your personal information as set out in this privacy policy.
the effective date of this notice and any revised or changed notice may be found on this page, on the bottom left corner of the notice.
please click here for our cookies policy if you want to know about how we use cookies.
this privacy policy contains important information about how we use your personal information and covers the following areas.
what personal information do we collect.
how do we use your personal information.
do we pass your personal information to third parties.
how do we use your information for marketing.
where do we send your personal information.
how long do we keep your personal information.
cookies.
third party websites.
how do we protect your personal information.
your rights.
changes to this privacy policy and/or the cookies policy.
contacting us.
additional rights.
1) what personal information do we collect.
at times we may request that you supply us with personal information.
generally this personal information is requested when you want us to provide you with information or a service.
we may collect and process the following information about you.
information you provide to by filling in forms on the website including name, address, email address, telephone number, account number, company details and details of your employer.
if you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
details of transactions carried out through our website or through other channels and of the fulfilment of your orders.
any personal information you may provide to us in comment boxes or while using our "live chat" functionality.
and details of your visits to the website and information collected through cookies and other tracking technologies, including but not limited to your ip address (a unique identifier for your computer of other device) and domain name, your browser version and operating system, traffic data, location data, web logs and other communication data, and the resources that you access.
2) how do we use your personal information.
how do we use your personal information.
we will use your personal information in the following ways.
to provide you with information services and products that you have requested e.
g.
a catalogue.
to create and run your user sales account.
to process your order and carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
to provide after-sales services to you, including but not limited to administering return or refund policies.
to analyse how you use the website.
to ensure that the content, services and advertising that we offer are tailored to your needs and interests.
if you place an order and/or open a sales account with us then we will use your personal data for trade screening against international restricted and denied parties lists.
to provide you with suggested local distributors who stock products that you are interested in.
in order to market to you by post, e-mail, sms or over the telephone (please see section 4 below for further details).
for training, quality control and staff safeguarding purposes.
and.
to enable you to use interactive features on our website such as an instant messaging service called "live chat".
where live chat is available, it allows you to message a member of our staff so that they can answer your queries and provide information in real time.
live chat is provided by a third party – their privacy policy can be found at  when you use live chat, third parties place cookies on your computer to enable the service to work (please see our cookies policy for further detail).
when you message our staff, we and related third parties will process this information which may include information that you have provided about yourself.
3) do we pass your personal information to third parties.
we may send your personal information to other group companies, affiliates, business partners (such as the live chat service provider) and selected third parties to help us process your personal information for the purposes set out in this policy, who will be subject to obligations to process such information in compliance with the same safeguards that we deploy.
we may disclose your personal information if we (or any part thereof), or any of our assets are subject to negotiations for sale or similar corporate transaction, are sold to a third party or undergo a reorganisation.
we will require that the third parties who receive your personal information are required to keep it confidential.
where our business is sold/reorganised you agree that any of your personal information may be transferred to that re-organised entity or third party and used for the same purposes under this privacy policy or for the purposes of analysing any proposed sale or re-organisation.
we may disclose personal information to third parties, the court service and/or regulators or law enforcement agencies when we reasonably believe we are required by law or in connection with proceedings or investigations anywhere in the world.
4) marketing and monitoring.
we may share your information with our group companies for marketing purposes.
we may send you marketing information about our own and other organisations' goods and services.
we may contact you by mail, telephone, email or sms with offers of products, services or information that may be of interest to you and where required by law, we will ask you for your consent at the time we collect your personal information to conduct any of these types of marketing.
we will provide an option to unsubscribe or opt-out of further marketing communications on any electronic communication sent to you or may opt-out from receiving marketing information from us by contacting us using the details below.
for quality control, training and staff safeguarding purposes, we may monitor or record your calls with us and the "live chat" service (when this is available).
when you use the “live chat” function, we will collect your name and address.
5) where do we send your personal information.
we are a global company and therefore your personal information may be transferred, accessed, processed or stored in countries around the world including the us and other countries the european economic area (eea) in which data protection laws may be of a lower standard than in the eea.
regardless of location, we will, where necessary, put in place appropriate safeguards to ensure your information is adequately protected.
6) how long do we keep your personal information.
we will keep your information for as long as is necessary for the processing purpose for which they were collected.
certain transaction details and correspondence may be retained until the time limit for claims in respect of the transaction has expired or in order to comply with regulatory requirements regarding the retention of such personal information.
7) cookies.
for detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them, please see our cookies policy.
please click here to manage the cookies we use.
by restricting our cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our website.
8) third party websites.
our website links to third party sites which we do not operate or endorse.
these websites may use cookies and collect your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies.
this privacy policy does not apply to third party websites and we are not responsible or liable for third party websites, their policies or their processing of your personal information.
9) how do we protect your personal information.
no data transmission over the internet or site can be guaranteed to be secure from intrusion.
however, we take commercially reasonable physical, electronic and procedural measures to protect the personal information disclosed to us in accordance with data protection legislative requirements.
all personal information you provide to us is accessed and used subject to our security policies and standards.
where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential and for complying with any other security procedures that we notify you of.
we ask you not to share a password with anyone.
we use no encryption (data scrambling) on certain portions of the site, but use encryption on portions where you are transmitting financial information, such as credit card information.
when you are on any web site that asks you for confidential information, you should check to see if the information being transmitted is encrypted in order to increase the security of your information.
keep in mind that there is no such thing as perfect security.
10) your rights.
you are entitled to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you (for which we may charge a small fee in certain jurisdictions), to have any inaccuracies in your information corrected and to object, where legitimate, to the processing of personal information relating to you.
please note that there may be certain categories of information we are entitled not to provide.
please contact us using the details set out below to exercise your rights.
11) changes to this privacy policy and/or the cookies policy.
we may update this privacy policy and/or the cookies policy at any time.
where appropriate, any such changes will be notified to you and you are encouraged to review this privacy policy and the cookies policy from time to time.
any changes will be effective only after the effective date of the change and will not affect any dispute arising prior to the effective date of the change.
12) how to change your choices and contact us.
norgren taiwan co.
ltd is the data controller in respect of your personal information processed by us under this privacy policy.
if your personal information changes, you don't want us to send you the information you have requested (including to opt-out of future marketing), you wish to exercise any of your right or if you have any queries about how we use your personal information, please let us know by contacting us at .
13) additional rights.
applicable laws may give you additional rights that are not described in this privacy policy.
updated october 2017.
actuators.
air preparation.
directional control valves.
fittings, tubing & accessories.
fluid control valves.
pressure switches.
proportional valves.
safety valves.
vacuum.
auto in-plant.
commercial vehicles.
customised solutions.
energy.
food & beverage.
industrial automation.
life science & medical solutions.
mobile pneumatics.
rail.
product datasheets.
cad.
configurators.
finding alternatives.
catalogues.
brochures.
certification.
ordering & purchasing.
delivery.
responsible business.
history.
contact.
terms & conditions.
privacy policy.
cookies policy.
legal.
