members' area.
resource hub.
join today.
industry iot consortium.
industry iot consortium.
about usabout usfaqindustry leadership councilsmeet our staffsteering committee.
about us.
faq.
industry leadership councils.
meet our staff.
steering committee.
working groupsdigital transformationedge computingindustryliaisonmarketing & innovationsecurityspecial interest groupstechnologytrustworthiness.
digital transformation.
edge computing.
industry.
liaison.
marketing & innovation.
security.
special interest groups.
technology.
trustworthiness.
resourcesblogeventspress roomsmm trainingvideoswebinars.
blog.
events.
press room.
smm training.
videos.
webinars.
publicationsbest practices publicationsfoundational publicationsjournal of innovationquarterly reportswhite papers.
best practices publications.
foundational publications.
journal of innovation.
quarterly reports.
white papers.
initiativesbusiness deployment acceleratormember training directorypatternstestbedstest drivesuse cases.
business deployment accelerator.
member training directory.
patterns.
testbeds.
test drives.
use cases.
industriesenergyhealthcaremanufacturingminingretailsmart citiestransportation.
energy.
healthcare.
manufacturing.
mining.
retail.
smart cities.
transportation.
membersenter members’ arearequest usernamelost passwordbecome a membercurrent memberssuccess stories.
enter members’ area.
request username.
lost password.
become a member.
current members.
success stories.
legal.
home.
legal.
legal.
legal notices & policies.
trademark usage guidelines.
trademarks list.
graphical style.
legal.
by using this web site users agree that they have read, understand, and will abide by the following notices and terms.
any questions regarding these terms and conditions should be directed to [email protected].
ipr policy.
trademarks and logos – request for use.
copyright.
privacy policy (if you have any questions email to [email protected].
links to third party sites.
content disclaimer and limitation of liability.
use of information – terms, conditions and notices.
image licensing.
meeting legal disclaimer statements.
trademarks and logos - requests for use.
object management group, inc.
's trademarks are some of its most important business assets.
object management group, inc.
("omg") has established, and enforces, the "trademark usage guidelines" (see above link) covering the use and reproduction of its trademarks and copyrights, including those used by omg's industry iot consortium ("iic") program.
iic members and others with permission may use omg's iic-related trademarks as strictly provided for, and in accordance with, the trademark usage guidelines.
use of our trademarks and copyrightable subject matter other than as provided for under these trademark usage guidelines is a violation of omg's rights and is strictly prohibited.
anyone (including iic members) interested in using iic-related trademarks for appropriate marketing and educational purposes should submit their request to trademarks, with an explanation of usage intent.
this request must be approved in writing by omg either directly or through its iic program before the trademarks can be used.
if you are quoting or referring to an iic document, then we require that you credit the appropriate iic document in your materials and provide notice of copyright ownership, as further provided in "use of information – terms, conditions and notices".
request form.
top.
copyright.
infringement notice and take-down policy.
this site and its contents are copyright © 2014-2018 object management group, inc.
, 9c medway road, pmb 274, milford, ma 01757 usa.
all rights reserved.
unless otherwise indicated (for example, as provided in the "use of information – terms, conditions and notices" statement that is included in and applies to most published iic papers and documents), users may make a single copy of the contents, in whole or in part, of this web site strictly for personal, non-commercial use.
users shall maintain all proprietary notices including copyright notices that appear on or in connection with any downloaded content.
other than creating a single copy of contents for personal use as described herein, users may not copy, reproduce, distribute, republish, download, display, post or transmit in any form or by any means, including but not limited to electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or other means, any content found or linked to the iic web site without the prior express written permission of omg or its iic program.
(this "permission" may also be a notice appended to any publication, such as the "use of information" statement referenced above or the separate "authors and legal notice" that is often appended to shorter papers.
) any unauthorized use of any content contained on the iic web site may violate the copyright laws, trademark laws, laws relating to publicity and privacy, and other regulations and statutes in the u.
s.
and other countries.
it is omg's policy to respond promptly to claims of copyright infringement, and to remove, or disable access to, infringing material.
if you believe that any content on this web site is violating your rights under copyright law, please send a notice to our designated agent at the address stated below.
your notice should contain the following.
a physical or electronic signature of a person (i.
e.
, claimant) authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
identification of the copyrighted work claimed to be infringed.
identification of the content or material claimed to be infringing.
a reference or link to the infringing material or activity, or the subject of the infringing activity, including information to enable us to locate that material or reference.
the address, telephone number or email address of the claimant.
a statement that the claimant has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
and a statement that the information in the notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the claimant is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
omg will also terminate a user's account if a user is deemed to be a repeat infringer, namely, one who has been notified of bona fide infringing activity more than twice.
our designated agent, to whom you should direct your infringement claim (or other complaints), is.
attention.
juergen boldt 			    object management group, inc.
9c medway road, pmb 274, milford, ma 01757 usa 			    telephone.
1-781-444-0404 			    email.
trademarks.
omg shall adhere to the rules on counter notification and the replacement of removed or disabled materials as set forth in the digital millennium copyright act (17 u.
s.
code § 512(g)).
copyright permission.
unless permission to do so has already been granted by omg or its iic program (e.
g.
, by its including a "use of information" statement or "authors and legal notice" on the document), a member or partner who wishes to include informational segments from iic documents into presentations or product-specific technical literature must submit a request in writing to trademarks with an explanation of usage intent, and the request must be approved in writing by the iic.
you will be required to credit the appropriate iic document in your materials and provide notice of copyright ownership.
top.
links to third party sites.
this web site may contain links to web sites controlled by parties other than omg.
omg and its iic program is not responsible for, and does not endorse or accept any responsibility for, the contents or use of these third party web sites.
omg and its iic program is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by omg or its iic program of the linked web site or any products or services found on a linked web site.
nothing in omg's iic web site confers any license under any intellectual property rights of omg, its iic program or a third party, whether by estoppel, implication, or otherwise.
top.
content disclaimer and limitation of								liability.
neither omg nor its iic program is responsible for any errors or inaccuracies contained in this web site (including in any documents or other content contained on this web site), nor for any omissions in data contained on this web site.
omg reserves the right to make changes to the content of this web site without notice.
disclaimer.
all content, including, without limitation, any documents or software, provided on or linked to the iic web site is provided "as is" and may contain errors or misprints.
omg (including its iic program), and the companies who contribute content to the iic web site and to iic publications ("contributing companies"), make no warranties, representations or conditions of any kind, express or implied, including, but not limited to any warranty of title or ownership, of merchantability, of fitness for a particular purpose or use, or against infringement, with respect to the content of this web site or any iic publications.
omg (including its iic program) and the contributing companies make no representations, warranties, guaranties, or conditions as to the quality, suitability, truth, accuracy, or completeness of any of the materials contained on the web site.
limitation of liability.
in no event shall omg (including its iic program) or any of the contributing companies be liable to any party for errors contained on this web site or in any iic publication or for any damage, including liability for direct,  indirect, incidental, special, consequential, reliance or cover damage, or damage for lost profits, loss of revenue (including but not limited to loss of business, revenue, profits, use, data or other economic advantage), however it arises, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of content available from this web site, even if previously advised of the possibility of such damage.
top.
use of information -terms, conditions and notices.
when omg or any omg program, such as the iic program, publishes a major paper, it generally contains both an acknowledgement of authors and contributors and a statement of the terms of use, generally in the form of the "use of information – terms, conditions and notices" linked to from the above title.
when omg or any omg program publishes short works, they generally contain a disclosure titled "authors and legal notice," which itself incorporates the above "use of information – terms, conditions and notices.
" therefore, for a description of the terms that govern the permitted uses of published iic documents, please review the "use of information – terms, conditions and notices" linked to from above.
top.
image licensing.
it is the responsibility of all presenters who speak on behalf of omg and its programs, such as the iic program, or at events hosted by omg or its programs, such as the iic program, to ensure that images, graphics, videos and logos are properly attributed and licensed.
any fines incurred by omg or its programs due to non-compliance of proper image licensing will be charged back to the presenter and his/her organization.
top.
meeting legal disclaimer statements.
participants in programs and events sponsored by the industry iot consortium of the object management group (the "iic") are required to acknowledge and comply with certain established policies and procedures of the iic.
therefore, it is required that participants read the following disclosures and agree to act accordingly.
top.
learn more.
faq.
legal.
membership.
our mission.
the industry iot consortium delivers transformative business value to industry, organizations, and society by accelerating adoption of a trustworthy internet of things.
the industry iot consortium is a program of the object management group (omg).
read more.
contact us.
boston, ma.
boston, ma.
(781) 444-0404.
(781) 444-0404.
[email protected].
[email protected].
connect with us.
copyright © 2022 object management group, inc.
industry iot consortium and iic are registered trademarks of omg.
for a listing of all omg trademarks, visit omg trademarks.
all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
