our solutionsour solutionscall trackingconversation analyticssmart matchenterprise businesssmall to medium businesssectorsautomotivebanks and financial serviceshealthcareinsurancepropertyretailtravelutilitiesrolesmarketingsalesoperations.
our solutionscall trackingconversation analyticssmart matchenterprise businesssmall to medium business.
call tracking.
conversation analytics.
smart match.
enterprise business.
small to medium business.
sectorsautomotivebanks and financial serviceshealthcareinsurancepropertyretailtravelutilities.
automotive.
banks and financial services.
healthcare.
insurance.
property.
retail.
travel.
utilities.
rolesmarketingsalesoperations.
marketing.
sales.
operations.
customer successcustomer successonboarding and trainingcustomer support methodologycase studies.
customer successonboarding and trainingcustomer support methodologycase studies.
customer success.
onboarding and training.
customer support methodology.
case studies.
partnershipspartner programdigital agencymarketing technologiescontact center technologieswho we partner withtech integrationsgoogle integrationsfacebook integrations.
partner programdigital agencymarketing technologiescontact center technologies.
digital agency.
marketing technologies.
contact center technologies.
who we partner withtech integrationsgoogle integrationsfacebook integrations.
tech integrations.
google integrations.
facebook integrations.
pricing.
aboutthe companyofficescareers.
the companyofficescareers.
the company.
offices.
careers.
resourcesnews & viewsebookscase studiescampus (infinity hub)knowledge base (infinity portal).
news & viewsebookscase studiescampus (infinity hub)knowledge base (infinity portal).
news & views.
ebooks.
case studies.
campus (infinity hub).
knowledge base (infinity portal).
contactsalessupport.
salessupport.
sales.
support.
+44 20 8003 8600443-892-26000333 0600 118+55 1143 80746502 8317 5927 0805 084 161 91 198 27 64+44 20 8003 8600.
443-892-26000333 0600 118+55 1143 80746502 8317 5927 0805 084 161 91 198 27 64+44 20 8003 8600.
443-892-2600.
0333 0600 118.
+55 1143 807465.
02 8317 5927.
0805 084 161.
91 198 27 64.
+44 20 8003 8600.
login to portallogin to hub.
login to portallogin to hub.
login to portal.
login to hub.
privacy policy.
privacy policy for visitors to infinity’s website.
introduction.
thanks for visiting the infinity website.
this privacy policy aims to give you information about how infinity collects and processes your personal data when you visit our website at infinity.
co or otherwise contact us, and how we process and use personal data of our customers who we engage with in the use of the services that we provide to them.
infinity is an analytics provider whose software allows website owners to understand the usability of their websites and the effectiveness of their marketing (the “services”).
1.
about us and the services we provide.
infinity is made up of infinity tracking limited, a company registered in england and wales (company number 06613420), with registered office at seebeck house 1 seebeck place, knowlhill, milton keynes, buckinghamshire, united kingdom, mk5 8fr , and infinity tracking inc.
, with principal offices at 1201 wills street, suite 600, baltimore, md 21231.
this privacy notice is issued on behalf of the infinity group, so references to “we”, “us”, “our” or “infinity”, are references to the relevant company in the infinity group responsible for processing your data.
we have appointed a data protection officer (dpo) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy notice.
if you have any questions about this privacy notice, or about how we process your data, please contact us using the contact details set out in the ‘contact us’ section below.
2.
information collected and how we use such information.
personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified.
it does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
(i) information collected from visitors to the infinity site.
if you are a visitor to the infinity site (at  infinity collects information about your use of our site, such as pages visited and links clicked, as well as information such as the referring url, your internet protocol (ip) address, browser type and version, operating system and cookie information (such as whether you accept cookies) (“usage information”).
infinity collects such usage information to better understand how visitors to our site use the site.
you may also provide information to us directly, such as your name, email address, telephone number, user name and password, whether via our website (for example when logging in to your account, or completing a contact request form) or when you otherwise contact us, for example by telephone or via the infinity blog or social media sites, etc.
you should be aware that any information you provide in the infinity blog or social media areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
we only seek to collect personal data that is reasonable or necessary to accomplish the purpose of your interaction with infinity.
(ii) we also collect, use and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose (“aggregated data”).
aggregated data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity.
for example, we may aggregate information about the number of users accessing our website or a specific website feature.
however, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
information collected from customers of infinity who use the infinity services.
in respect of infinity’s customers (who have contracted with infinity to receive the services), we will collect certain information relating to the designated contacts or users of our customers, such as name, email address, telephone number, user name and password.
such information may be provided directly via our website (for example when such individual logs in to the relevant customer’s online account, or completes a contact request form) or when such individual otherwise contacts us, for example by telephone or via the infinity blog or social media sites, etc.
please note that any information provided in the infinity blog or social media areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
we may also ask for additional information which we require in connection with and for the purposes of you using the services, such as billing contact information, account login details, and other information we deem relevant for the purpose of providing the services.
infinity may use such information and data (to the extent that it constitutes personal data) for the purposes of performing our contract with a customer, which may include, for example, for the purposes of.
processing transactions between the customer and infinity.
providing support in connection with the services.
we may also use such personal data for the following purposes, which we consider to be necessary for our legitimate interests.
to respond to enquiries from you.
to send you e-mails and updates about the infinity services, including notices about changes to the services.
to request your feedback.
enhance or improve user experience, our site, or infinity services.
perform any other function that we believe in good faith is necessary to protect the security or proper functioning of our site or the infinity services.
with your prior consent, we may post your personal testimonials along with those of other satisfied customers on our site or in marketing materials in addition to other endorsements.
if you are a registered user of the services and have supplied us with your email address, infinity may occasionally send you e-mails with information about new features, or just keep you up to date with our products or services, where permitted to do so by law.
you may unsubscribe from receiving such marketing communications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the relevant email, or by contacting us at .
3.
what basis do we have for processing your personal data.
we will process your personal data where we have a lawful basis for doing so.
in general, our lawful basis will be that the processing is necessary for the purposes of pursuing our legitimate interests (as explained above).
we may also process personal data on the basis of your consent.
4.
disclosure of your personal data.
we will never sell your data to third parties.
we may share your personal data with.
other group companies within the infinity group for the purpose of providing the services.
our suppliers and service providers who we use in connection with and for the purposes of providing the services, including for example providers of cloud storage, data centres and telecommunication providers.
we require our suppliers to respect the security of your personal data and treat it in accordance with the law.
we do not allow our third party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data to the extent required to provide the services.
we may also share your personal data with.
our legal and other professional advisors, our insurers and insurance brokers.
government agencies, regulators and other authorities.
in some cases, we may choose to buy or sell business assets.
in these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the transferred business assets.
if infinity, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, user information is likely to be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party, and the acquirer may continue to use your personal data for the purposes set out in this policy.
5.
release of your information for legal purposes.
we may disclose personal data about you.
when required to do so in order to comply with any applicable laws, regulations or enforceable governmental or public authority request.
where such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (i) enforce applicable terms of service, including investigation of potential breaches.
(ii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
(iii) respond to user support requests.
or (iv) protect our rights, property or safety, our users and the public.
this includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and spam/malware prevention.
6.
right to access, edit, and remove your information.
the european union’s general data protection regulation provides you with rights in relation to your personal data in certain circumstances.
the right to request access to personal data we hold about you.
you may have the right in accordance with applicable data protection law to have personal data we hold about you rectified or restricted.
you may, in some circumstances, have the right to have personal data we hold about you deleted (although note that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request).
in some circumstances, you may have the right to receive or ask for your personal data to be transferred to a third party.
you have the right to object to how we process your personal data in certain circumstances, including the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes.
where we are processing personal data relating to you on the basis that we have your consent to do so, you may withdraw your consent at any time (this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent).
if you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you.
when you request access to personal information that we hold about you, we may ask you to verify your identity before providing such information to you, or making any requested changes.
we may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request.
you will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights).
however, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.
alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
if you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above in respect of our processing of your personal data, please contact us at .
you may have the right to lodge a complaint to the information commissioner’s office (ico), the uk supervisory authority for data protection issues ( we would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ico, so please do contact us in the first instance and we shall endeavour to resolve your complaint.
7.
updates to your personal data.
it is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and correct.
therefore, please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
if you are a registered user, you can also update personal details via your online account with us.
8.
security measures.
we adopt a wide range of appropriate technical and organisational measures designed to protect the security of our site and the infinity services.
our data storage facilities have extensive protection and detection systems.
further details of these, and our other measures designed for security and privacy are available upon request.
9.
international transfer.
infinity tracking limited stores and processes personal data on servers based in the uk or european union for its uk and european customers (unless otherwise advised to a customer).
in respect of customers who have contracted with infinity tracking inc.
in the usa (or who use the services on territories outside the eea), the data may be processed in the usa or elsewhere in the world.
for example, some of our telecommunication providers are based outside the european economic area and to the extent that the services that they provide to us involves any processing of personal data, we will ensure that appropriate measures are in place.
for transfers of personal data outside the eea, as described above, we will ensure that appropriate safeguards are implemented, including.
transferring personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the european commission.
or.
putting in place specific contracts approved by the european commission which give personal data the same protection as it has in europe.
please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data outside of the eea.
10.
children and special categories of personal data.
our site is intended for a general business audience and we do not knowingly collect personal data from children, nor do we seek to collect or anticipate that we will collect any data that would be considered to be ‘special categories of data’ (meaning details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, health data, genetic or biometric data).
11.
cookies.
use of cookies by infinity on our site.
cookies are small data files placed on your computer by the websites you visit and can be used to help recognise you when you return to a website.
we, or third party service providers, may use cookies to, among other things, measure activity, personalise your experience, remember your viewing preferences, or track your login status when accessing our site.
for some of these purposes, our cookies may be tied to personal data.
blocking cookies.
when you first visit our website, you will be given the opportunity to opt-out of having cookies set on your device.
you can also set your browser to reject cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies.
you can also manually delete individual or all of the cookies on your computer by following your browser’s help file directions.
infinity may also use its analytics software to analyse a website visitor’s interaction with the infinity website, including when the visitor makes a telephone call to infinity.
you may opt-out of this activity by expressing your preferences as indicated above.
please see our cookies policy here for more information about cookies.
12.
retention of data.
we will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
13.
links to third party websites.
our site may include links to and from the websites of third parties.
if you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites should have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
please check these policies before you submit any personal data to their websites.
14.
additional information for california consumers - california consumer privacy act.
in order to satisfy the california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”) and other relevant legislation, we are required to provide specific information for residents of california.
you should also refer to the rest of this policy, which provides the requisite detail concerning.
the kind of personal data we collect (see what we collect).
the purposes for which we use the data (see what we do with the information we gather).
and.
where we disclose this information to third parties (see disclosure of your information).
in the preceding twelve months, we have not sold any personal information belonging to consumers.
california consumers may have the right (at no charge, up to twice every 12 months, subject to certain exceptions) to make requests regarding the following.
the categories of personal data we collected about you.
the categories of sources for the personal data we collected about you.
our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal data.
the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal data.
the categories of personal data that each recipient received.
and.
the specific pieces of personal data we collected about you.
you also have the right, subject to certain exceptions defined in the ccpa and other applicable laws and regulations, to request that a company delete any of your personal data that it has collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.
to exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by contacting us via the information provided below.
your request must.
provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify, that you are the person about whom the personal data concerns.
this may include requesting that you provide us with at least two or more pieces of personal data to match against personal data about you that we may or may not maintain and which we have determined to be reliable for the purpose of verification.
describe your request with sufficient detail to allow us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal data if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal data relates to you.
making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
we will only use personal data provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
you can submit a deletion or right-to-know request by contacting us at .
we do not discriminate against consumers for exercising their rights under the ccpa.
14.
changes.
we may amend this privacy policy from time to time.
when there are changes to this privacy policy, we will update this page.
the date on the bottom will always indicate when we last made changes.
15.
contact us.
if you have any questions or concerns regarding the way in which we process personal data, please contact us at  or via postal mail at.
effective datethis privacy policy is effective from.
1st september 2021.
call intelligence can be transformational to your business.
contact us today.
+44 3892 2600.
subscribe to our newsletter *required field.
our solutionscall trackingconversation analyticsenterprise businesssmall to medium businessautomotivebanks and financial serviceshealthcareinsurancepropertyretailtravelutilitiesmarketingsalesoperations.
call tracking.
conversation analytics.
enterprise business.
small to medium business.
automotive.
banks and financial services.
healthcare.
insurance.
property.
retail.
travel.
utilities.
marketing.
sales.
operations.
customer successcustomer successonboarding and trainingcustomer support methodologycase studies.
customer success.
onboarding and training.
customer support methodology.
case studies.
partnershipsdigital agencymarketing technologiescontact center technologiestech integrationsgoogle integrationsfacebook integrations.
digital agency.
marketing technologies.
contact center technologies.
tech integrations.
google integrations.
facebook integrations.
aboutthe companyofficespricingcareers.
the company.
offices.
pricing.
careers.
resources news & viewsebookscase studiescampus (infinity hub)knowledge base (infinity portal).
news & views.
ebooks.
case studies.
campus (infinity hub).
knowledge base (infinity portal).
contactsalessupport.
sales.
support.
social.
social.
us site.
uk site.
infinity tracking limited.
registered in england and wales with number 07192131.
registered address.
1 seebeck house, 1 seebeck place, knowlhill, milton keynes, mk5 8fr, uk.
use of this website constitutes acceptance of the website privacy policy | legal | call tariffs | site map.
