home.
productshf antennauhf antennafpc.
hf antenna.
uhf antenna.
fpc.
news.
career.
about usoverviewhistoryenterprise culturebusiness partnerscontact us.
overview.
history.
enterprise culture.
business partners.
contact us.
privacy.
unless otherwise specified by this website or approved by "inlaylink", you must not download, copy, reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute or resell any pictures from this website in any format or by any means.
for approval of aforementioned activity, please email us at .
by using this website, you are bound by the terms and conditions stated herein.
1.
information.
access to information, data, contents, photos, pictures, videos, audios and other materials and items, tangible or intangible, on this website we grant you are non-exclusive, non-transferable and limited, and shall be in accordance with the terms and conditions.
2.
change of terms and conditions.
we may change, add to or delete terms from the terms and conditions from time to time with our sole discretion without notice or liability to you.
by continuing to use this website following such modifications to the terms and conditions, you agree to be bound by such modifications.
3.
changes to the website.
we may, at our sole discretion and at any time, without prior notice to you, add, amend or remove material from this website, or alter the presentation, substance, or functionality of this website.
4.
user conduct on this website.
as a condition of your use of this website, you may not.
a.
trespass, break into, access, use or attempt to trespass, break into, access or use any other parts and/or database areas of our servers.
b.
restrict or inhibit any other users from properly using this website.
you are welcome to browse the “charming taicang” website, enjoy its contents and be entertained.
site visitors can freely explore the website without having to reveal any personal data.
on occasion, however, it may be necessary for “charming taicang “to gather information about you for a specific purpose.
we will always inform you when we are collecting such information.
it is our intention to respect your request for privacy, and we try our best to provide you with communication channels to facilitate this.
we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other linked sites.
cookies.
advertisements displayed on our website may contain cookies.
all cookies will be used by advertising agents while the website does not have access to such information as the contents you browsed.
usage of your personal information.
we may use the data collected and provided for one or more of the following purposes.
a.
to identify you for entry into lucky draws or any other promotional activities.
b.
to notify you of the results of lucky draws and the subsequent arrangement.
c.
for marketing and promotion.
d.
for identification and verification.
e.
for our internal records, research and statistics.
f.
for anything pertaining to the event.
data security.
we will take reasonable steps to ensure all the information we collect, use or disclose is accurate, complete, up-to-date and stored in a secure environment, accessed only by authorized personnel.
however, we give no warranty against third parties hacking into the data or any unauthorized access to the data by anyone.
we may share your personal data with sponsors, authorized agents or contractors for possible events or public activities.
by entering the competition or promotion, you acknowledge and expressly agree with the above.
by submitting the form, you certify that all information provided to the "inlaylink" website in the form is true and correct and is abiding the "privacy policy".
this privacy policy is subject to change without prior or separate notice.
any changes will be posted on the website.
about usproductsnewscareer.
about us.
products.
news.
career.
productshf antennauhf antennafpc.
products.
hf antenna.
uhf antenna.
fpc.
legal noticeterms of useprivacy.
legal notice.
terms of use.
privacy.
contact usno.
164 xuanchun road,xuanqiao town,pudong district,shanghai,china(86)-21-58039288-8006.
contact us.
no.
164 xuanchun road,xuanqiao town,pudong district,shanghai,china.
(86)-21-58039288-8006.
