privacy and credit reporting policy.
mass electronics pty limited acn 010 508 497 trading as "innotech control systems australia", "kwikaz" and "innotech guardian safety systems" ("we", "us" or "our") acknowledges and respects the privacy of individuals.
this policy explains how we manage your personal information.
this policy also includes our credit reporting policy, that is, it additionally covers how we manage your personal information collected in connection with a credit application such as details relating to your credit history, credit standing, credit capacity and credit worthiness ("credit information").
the types of personal information we collect and how we collect it.
the types of personal information that we collect and hold about you may include.
identification information such as your name, postal or email address, telephone numbers, and date of birth.
financial details such as your credit card details or bank account details.
and.
employment related information including job title and work contact details.
generally we collect personal information of this nature when you voluntarily provide it to us, for example.
when you register on one of our websites to become a company member.
when you enter your personal information into forms on our websites.
and.
when you provide information by email or in letters, documents or when you contact us via social media such as facebook and twitter.
there may be circumstances when we collect personal information from someone other than the individual concerned, for example, through a referral.
we endeavour to contact and notify the individual of the circumstances of such collection where it is reasonable to do so.
we may also collect personal information through publically available records such as company searches, and from credit reporting bodies as detailed below.
our websites may use "cookies" to enhance or personalise our website services.
these cookies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of our website, for example, your ip address and details of your type of computer and web browser, and your approximate geographic location when you access our websites.
all information these cookies collect is anonymous.
furthermore, if you apply for credit, we may collect credit information.
we may ask you for this information or we may obtain this credit information from credit reporting bodies such as dun & bradstreet australia.
this information may include.
default information.
credit infringement information.
personal solvency information (e.
g.
bankruptcy information).
court proceedings information (e.
g.
any default judgments entered against you).
repayment history information.
we will not request access to credit information about you from a credit reporting body unless you authorise us in writing to do so.
use and disclosure of personal information.
any personal information (other than credit information) we collect may be used and disclosed for the following purposes.
to respond to your queries.
to maintain our relationship with you.
to provide our products and services to you.
to send you statements and invoices.
to collect payments from you.
to provide you with information about our products and services.
to request credit information from a credit reporting body.
we use the credit information that we obtain from you or a credit reporting body and information we derive from such information strictly for the purpose of assessing your application for credit.
if you do not authorise us to obtain credit information about you, we may be unable to assess your credit application and therefore your request for credit may be refused.
we may disclose your personal information to credit reporting bodies where we are permitted to do so by law, for example, in circumstances where you fail to meet your payment obligations in relation to consumer credit.
these credit reporting bodies may include any such information in reports provided to other credit providers to assist them to assess your credit worthiness.
we may disclose your personal information to the extent that we are required to do so by law, including in connection with any legal proceedings or anticipated legal proceedings, or in order to comply with any legal obligation, or to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.
we may sell, transfer, or otherwise disclose our database of personal information to an actual or potential successor entity, purchaser, or investor in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of our assets or substantially all our assets, share sale, investment transaction or other corporate rearrangement.
cross-border disclosures of personal information.
your personal information may be disclosed to international distributors of our products.
it is not practicable to specify all the countries in which our distributors may be located.
the privacy act 1988 (cth) ("the act") and corresponding australian privacy principles ("apps") require relevant australian entities to ensure that, before disclosing personal information overseas, reasonable steps are taken to ensure that overseas recipients do not breach the act or the apps (app 8.
1).
it is not always possible to ensure that overseas recipients will comply.
we do not take any responsibility for the actions of overseas third party recipients of personal information.
by agreeing to this policy you are agreeing that your personal information may be disclosed overseas and that app 8.
1 will not apply to that disclosure.
storage and security of personal information.
we will conduct regular checks of personal information to ensure that such information is stored in a secure manner.
paper files are stored within our premises.
electronic information is stored within our computer system to which internal access is password protected and also protected from outside interference or interception by firewall and other security measures.
access and correction of personal information.
we take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we collect, use and disclose in accordance with this policy is accurate, complete and up-to-date.
if we hold your personal information you are entitled to access the information which is subsequently handled by us or request correction of such information.
there are exceptional circumstances where access to or correction of your personal information may be refused by us such as where access would be unlawful.
we will advise you of such circumstances if they arise.
if you would like access or request correction of your personal information, please write to our managing director via the details below.
individuals requesting access to or correction of their personal information must provide proof of identity.
we will only consider your request once your identity has been verified.
contact us – questions or complaints.
if you have any questions or complaints about this policy or our treatment of your personal information, please write to.
managing director.
mass electronics pty ltd.
po box 292.
sunnybank qld 4109.
individuals must set out the details of their complaint and what resolution is requested.
the managing director will investigate complaints and a written reply will be forwarded as soon as possible.
if you are still not satisfied, you can contact the australian privacy commissioner (see  or call 1300 363 992).
changes to this policy.
this policy will be reviewed from time to time to take account of new laws and changes to our operations.
any information we hold about you will be governed by our most current policy.
we recommend that you periodically review this policy for any changes.
about us.
news.
awards.
customers.
services.
r&d.
jobs.
products.
omni bems platform.
direct digital controls.
stand-alone hvac controls.
bms software.
downloads.
datasheets.
user instructions digital.
user instructions stand-alone.
software.
support.
search products.
hvac & bems glossary.
contact.
phone +61 7 3421 9100.
email .
find a distributor near you.
follow.
twitter.
youtube.
linkedin.
instagram.
facebook.
we are a proud airah member.
this website uses cookies to improve user experience.
by using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our privacy policy.
