privacy policy.
this privacy policy applies to the website of.
insight enterprises australia pty ltd (abn 47 058 645 677) unit 3, level 1 114-120 old pittwater road brookvale, nsw 2100, australia tel.
1800 189 888.
please take the time to review this document.
any changes we may make to this policy will be posted on this page.
we will collect and process information in accordance with the following policies.
we respect your personal information and undertake to comply with the privacy act 1988 (cth), all other applicable privacy legislation and all guidelines issued by the office of the federal privacy commissioner and similar regulatory bodies.
in order for us to provide our services, we may require the following personal information which is reasonably necessary for one or more of our functions or activities.
name.
address.
telephone number.
description of occupation.
business title and authorisation.
email address.
date of birth.
and.
credit or debit card details.
all data collected from you (for example, information provided by you by filling in forms, surveys, competitions, transaction details, fulfilment of orders, details of visits to our websites etc) will be transmitted to servers where it will be processed.
by submitting your personal data you agree to this transfer, storage or processing.
we confirm that any personal details, which you provide to us (or which are available on public registers) from which we can identify you, are held in accordance with australian privacy laws (the privacy act 1988 (cth), the australian privacy principles and other applicable privacy codes).
when you register your details with us, we consider the information you input as private.
collecting information provides specific benefits to our website visitors.
collecting your information will allow us to process your order and to better advise you of goods and services that may be of interest to you.
we use the information for the following purposes.
processing any order or enquiry from you.
processing your interest in us, whether as a potential employee or customer or supplier.
for statistical purposes to improve the services we provide.
to administer our business.
to notify you of topics that may be of interest to you.
completing or supporting any transaction or activity you have with us.
research and development.
tailoring the website for its visitors.
analysis and reporting.
to build records of individual visitors.
contacting our visitors for promotion of the site or products.
to help us prevent fraudulent transactions.
we may also use or disclose your information as permitted by the aaps, for example, when required by law, where the information is required for public health or safety (a "permitted health situation") and/or to assist a lawful investigation by a law enforcement body (see paragraph 15 below).
in the event that your personal information is no longer used by us for the purposes outlined in these policies, we will delete it except insofar as it is necessary to retain such information to comply with other relevant or applicable law.
in the event that your personal information becomes untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete, or in any event, you have the right to gain access to your personal information and may rectify the same by contacting us on the details listed above.
we may contact you from time to time for promotional purposes.
in the event that you do not wish to receive promotional communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions in the next communication that you receive and you will be removed from all of our databases to receive promotional e-mails.
the personal information we collect may be accessed by our suppliers and ourselves.
personal information is only shared with our partners who abide by our privacy policy.
to perform our services, we may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, and our ultimate holding company based in the united states.
if you would like to access or review the personal information we hold about you, please contact us at we allow our visitors to access their own personal information if any such information is held by us.
we sometimes use third party companies to help us provide our products and services to you and to help us prevent fraudulent transactions.
some of these companies are given access to some, or all, of the personal information you provide to us and may use cookies on our behalf.
these companies are contractually restricted from using your personal information in any manner, other than in helping us to provide you with the products and services available on our site or to help us prevent fraudulent transactions and activity.
you agree that you do not object to us, or such third parties contacting you for any of the above purposes whether by telephone, e-mail or in writing and you confirm that you do not and will not consider any of the above as being a breach of any of your rights under the privacy act 1988 (cth) and all other applicable privacy legislation and guidelines.
you should be aware that if we are requested by the police or any regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities, to provide your user information and/or information concerning your activities whilst using this web site we shall do so.
we also reserve the right to disclose individually identifiable information to third parties where a complaint arises concerning your use of this web site, and that use is deemed by us inconsistent with these terms.
if you have a complaint that we have breached any.
(i) applicable privacy law.
and/or (ii) registered privacy code that we are subject to in australia, please contact us at upon receipt of your privacy query, we will conduct an investigation and will endeavour to update & notify you of the making of a decision in relation to your query as soon as is practicable after it has been made, usually within 30 days.
to assist us in the efficient management of this process, we may ask you to file your privacy query or complaint to us, in writing.
we may disclose to third parties aggregated data on the use of this web site or our services, provided that a single individual is not identified or reasonably identifiable in such data.
we may use "cookies" and other software so as to be able to build up a profile of your interests and preferences and this may be used by us to develop and operate our business.
you may refuse to accept cookies by activating the settings on your browser.
however, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site.
security measures.
this site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
all account information you use or supply on insight's web site when ordering or tracking products is completely secure.
we use the most advanced encryption technology to protect you from unauthorised use of information supplied on our web site.
secure sockets layer (ssl) is the industry standard security protocol used to encode sensitive information such as credit card numbers that pass between your personal computer and insight's e-commerce site.
ssl works by creating a temporary shared "key" or session that lets only the computers on either end of a transmission scramble and unscramble information.
the ssl transmission is indecipherable by any individuals or servers that relay the message between the sender and the receiver.
when your web browser enters insight's secure web site, our server hosting the site acknowledges your web browser with a "server hello.
" in return, your browser responds with a "client hello.
" this communication allows for the browser and server to determine the level of encryption they both support and will use.
once "hellos" are exchanged, your browser will ask for insight's "digital certificate.
" the certificate acts as our "commerce id" to ensure you that the transactions are between you and insight.
companies receive digital certificates from a certificate authority, such as rsa data security inc.
or verisign inc.
a certificate authority verifies a company's identification and then issues a unique certificate as proof of identity.
next, the browser and the server create a "master key.
" this master key is a codebook that both sides use to encode and decode transmissions.
only your browser and our server share that master key which is good only for that particular session.
the unique key allows your browser and our server to exchange sensitive information in a way third parties can't understand.
once your transactions are complete and you leave our secure site, the master key you once held with the server becomes useless.
when you re-enter the secure site, the hello, digital certificate and master key process start over again.
unfortunately the transmission of data via the internet is not completely secure.
although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site.
any transmission is at your own risk.
once we have received your information we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
the types of measures we take vary with the type of information and how it is collected and stored.
we require our employees, agents, contractors and data processors to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by us.
terms and conditions.
