companywho we arefast factswhy us.
our servicemanagement teamglobal operationindustry testimonials & awardspartnerssales channel partnerstechnology partnerscorporate social responsibilitysustainable developmentemployeesshareholdersocial welfareenvironmental protectioncareers.
who we arefast factswhy us.
our service.
fast facts.
why us.
our service.
management team.
global operation.
industry testimonials & awards.
partnerssales channel partnerstechnology partners.
sales channel partners.
technology partners.
corporate social responsibilitysustainable developmentemployeesshareholdersocial welfareenvironmental protection.
sustainable development.
employees.
shareholder.
social welfare.
environmental protection.
careers.
productsinsydeh2o uefi biosclient solutionsserver solutionsiot/embedded solutionsdeveloper toolssupervyse bmc firmwaresupervyse memory/rtblinkboot uefi boot loadermobile applicationscastkantan.
insydeh2o uefi biosclient solutionsserver solutionsiot/embedded solutionsdeveloper tools.
client solutions.
server solutions.
iot/embedded solutions.
developer tools.
supervyse bmc firmwaresupervyse memory/rt.
supervyse memory/rt.
blinkboot uefi boot loader.
mobile applicationscastkantan.
castkantan.
servicesservices overviewengineering servicesuefi traininglearning center.
services overview.
engineering services.
uefi training.
learning center.
investorscorporate governancestructureb.
o.
dcommitteeinternal auditmajor internal policiesfinancialsmonthly salesshareholder servicesshareholder meetingsstock & price dividendmopsinvestor conferencesq&astakeholder engagement.
corporate governancestructureb.
o.
dcommitteeinternal auditmajor internal policies.
structure.
b.
o.
d.
committee.
internal audit.
major internal policies.
financialsmonthly sales.
monthly sales.
shareholder servicesshareholder meetingsstock & price dividendmopsinvestor conferencesq&a.
shareholder meetings.
stock & price dividend.
mops.
investor conferences.
q&a.
stakeholder engagement.
press/newspress releasesevents.
press releases.
events.
contact.
privacy policy.
insyde software's privacy statement.
insyde software respects the privacy of our clients and visitors to our web site at  we have adopted the following policy to ensure online privacy.
this policy may be changed or amended from time to time as our business needs or other factors dictate.
however, we will not implement any major changes in our policy without first notifying you.
if you have any questions, comments or concerns about this policy, please contact insyde software.
information insyde software collects and how it is used.
personally identifying information.
insyde software does not collect personally identifying information on visitors who only browse or use the free information available on our site.
user activity.
any client information and statistics we do store is used internally for marketing purposes, to evolve marketing materials, to target users for new features, and to respond to client requests.
we do not share client identification or web site use information with any persons or companies outside our organization, and do not sell or otherwise make this information available to third parties for sales or marketing purposes.
google analytics.
this website uses google analytics, (a website analytics service provided by google, inc.
) to help analyze how users use the site.
google analytics uses "cookies," which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form.
the information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including ip address) is transmitted to google.
this information is then used to evaluate visitors' use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for insyde software.
we will not (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information (pii) of visitors to our site.
google will not associate your ip address with any other data held by google.
neither we nor google will link, or seek to link, an ip address with the identity of a computer user.
we will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifiable information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
you may choose to accept or decline cookies.
most web browsers automatically default to accept them, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies.
if you reject cookies by changing your browser settings then be aware that this may disable some of the functionality on our website.
use of "cookies".
a "cookie" is a small piece of data, which is sent to a user's browser from a web server and stored on a user's computer hard drive.
no passwords will be stored in a permanent cookie.
links to other sites.
there may be links on our web site that take you to web sites or web pages outside of our service.
the privacy and security policies and practices of these sites are beyond our control and insyde software advises its users to take adequate measures to protect themselves when accessing or browsing other sites.
terms of use.
the materials on this web site are provided by insyde software corp.
and may be used for informational purposes only.
by using this web site, you agree to be bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including u.
s.
export and re-export control laws and regulations.
if you do not agree to these terms, do not use this site.
insyde software does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the materials or any information contained in this web site.
insyde software may remove, replace or modify web site materials at any time without notice.
trademark & copyright.
contents of this web site are copyright © 2018 insyde software corp.
all rights are reserved.
all trademarks used or referred to on this site are the property of their respective owners.
please direct any comments and questions regarding our site via our contact form on our contact page.
become an insider.
keep up on our always evolving product features and technology.
become an insyde insider.
sign up today.
our latest tweets.
visit insyde software next week at 2022 in nuremberg, germany.
we'll be in the safety and security… .
join insyde software 2022 in nuremberg, germany.
we'll be in the safety and security area (stand nu… .
contact us.
insyde worldwide hq.
address.
16f.
, no.
120, sec.
2, jianguo n.
rd.
, zhongshan district.
taipei, taiwan, r.
o.
c.
phone.
+886.
2.
6608.
3688.
email taiwan sales.
.
email us sales.
.
for support and other insyde locations click here.
follow us.
© copyright 2022 insyde software.
search.
contact.
privacy.
