managed it servicescloud migration servicesconsulting services.
cloud migration services.
consulting services.
security & complianceassessment & protectiondetection & preventioncontainment & remediation.
assessment & protection.
detection & prevention.
containment & remediation.
pe transition services.
telephony solutionscollaborationmobilitycall center solutionsvoip.
collaboration.
mobility.
call center solutions.
voip.
business applicationsmicrosoft dynamics® crmmicrosoft® sharepoint®.
microsoft dynamics® crm.
microsoft® sharepoint®.
about uscontact.
contact.
online privacy statement.
integrated it respects consumer online privacy.
personal information collected is held in confidence and will not be shared, sold or rented to outside parties.
collection of personal informationinformation is collected from our customers in order to correctly process orders.
information is also collected to establish means of communication regardingorders or services that are in process.
your purchase history or purchase habitswill not be used as a basis for offering additional products.
collection of personal information.
information is collected from our customers in order to correctly process orders.
information is also collected to establish means of communication regardingorders or services that are in process.
your purchase history or purchase habitswill not be used as a basis for offering additional products.
personal information privacyintegrated it will take appropriate steps to maintain the confidentiality ofyour personal information.
personal information collected is held in confidenceand will not be shared, sold or rented to outside parties.
personal information privacy.
integrated it will take appropriate steps to maintain the confidentiality ofyour personal information.
personal information collected is held in confidenceand will not be shared, sold or rented to outside parties.
email communicationintegrated it communicates with customers via email only if the customer agreesto receive those communications.
customers who believe they are receiving ourcommunications in error or no longer desire to receive them may unsubscribe byclicking a the 'safe unsubscribe' link at the bottom of all of integrated it'scommunication emails.
email communication.
integrated it communicates with customers via email only if the customer agreesto receive those communications.
customers who believe they are receiving ourcommunications in error or no longer desire to receive them may unsubscribe byclicking a the 'safe unsubscribe' link at the bottom of all of integrated it'scommunication emails.
cookiesintegrated it currently uses "cookies" on our site.
our cookies tag eachvisitor's browser with a random, unique number.
the cookie simply assigns anumber and does not disclose any personal information about the person using thebrowser.
cookies.
integrated it currently uses "cookies" on our site.
our cookies tag eachvisitor's browser with a random, unique number.
the cookie simply assigns anumber and does not disclose any personal information about the person using thebrowser.
external linksintegrated it may provide links to third party websites.
integrated it assumesno responsibility or liability for these websites and is not responsible for thepolicies or procedures of these websites.
similarly, integrated it is notresponsible for the content of third party websites.
external links.
integrated it may provide links to third party websites.
integrated it assumesno responsibility or liability for these websites and is not responsible for thepolicies or procedures of these websites.
similarly, integrated it is notresponsible for the content of third party websites.
contact usif you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of thissite, or your dealings with integrated it, you are welcome to contact us.
if youwish to update or correct the personal information held by integratedit, please contact us.
contact us.
if you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of thissite, or your dealings with integrated it, you are welcome to contact us.
if youwish to update or correct the personal information held by integratedit, please contact us.
