products runcard - mes datacard - yield management.
runcard - mes.
datacard - yield management.
solutions new product introduction serialized traceability data automation inventory control supplier integration cloud / on premise solutions.
new product introduction.
serialized traceability.
data automation.
inventory control.
supplier integration.
cloud / on premise solutions.
support product support documentation contact.
product support.
documentation.
contact.
company about careers news.
about.
careers.
news.
resources mes solutions blog case studies erp v mes guide inhouse v commercial mes webinar traceability erp integrations integrating machines resource requirements.
mes solutions.
blog.
case studies.
erp v mes guide.
inhouse v commercial mes webinar.
traceability.
erp integrations.
integrating machines.
resource requirements.
terms and conditions.
introduction.
these terms and conditions govern your use of this website.
by using this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full.
if you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website.
this website uses cookies.
by using this website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to our intrartaio's use of cookies in accordance with the terms of intraratio's privacy policy / cookies policy.
license to use website.
unless otherwise stated, intraratio and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website.
subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
you may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.
you must not.
acceptable use.
you must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website.
or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
you must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.
you must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without intraratio's express written consent.
you must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing without intraratio's express written consent.
restricted access.
access to certain areas of this website is restricted.
] intraratio reserves the right to restrict access to areas of this website, or indeed this entire website, at intraratio's discretion.
if intraratio provides you with a user id and password to enable you to access restricted areas of this website or other content or services, you must ensure that the user id and password are kept confidential.
intraratio may disable your user id and password in intraratio's sole discretion without notice or explanation.
no warranties.
this website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied.
intraratio makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.
without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, intraratio does not warrant that.
nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind.
limitations of liability.
intraratio will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website.
these limitations of liability apply even if intraratio has been expressly advised of the potential loss.
exceptions.
nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit.
and nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit intraratio's liability in respect of any.
reasonableness.
by using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this website disclaimer are reasonable.
if you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.
other parties.
you accept that, as a limited liability entity, intraratio has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees.
you agree that you will not bring any claim personally against intraratio's officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website.
without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect intraratio's officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as intraratio.
unenforceable provisions.
if any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of this website disclaimer.
indemnity.
you hereby indemnify intraratio and undertake to keep intraratio indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by intraratio to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of intraratio's legal advisers) incurred or suffered by intraratio arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions[, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms and conditions].
breaches of these terms and conditions.
without prejudice to intraratio's other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, intraratio may take such action as intraratio deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your ip address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
variation.
intraratio may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time.
revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of this website from the date of the publication of the revised terms and conditions on this website.
please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
assignment.
intraratio may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with intraratio's rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent.
you may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
severability.
if a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect.
if any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
entire agreement.
law and jurisdiction.
intraratio's details.
the full name of intraratio is intraratio corp.
you can contact intraratio by email to [email protected].
credit.
this document was created using a contractology template available at .
contact us.
client login.
terms & conditions.
