iotech systems limited.
best viewed on a device with a bigger screen.
tel.
+44 (0)191 814 2220.
loading.
iotech systems limited.
home.
productsedge software platformsedge xpertiot securityedge xrtedge xrt for microsoft azure sphereiot connectivitydevice connectivityiotech supported device technologiesdevice configuration toolcloud connectivityedge managementedge buildertrainingprofessional services.
edge software platformsedge xpertiot securityedge xrtedge xrt for microsoft azure sphere.
edge xpertiot security.
iot security.
edge xrtedge xrt for microsoft azure sphere.
edge xrt for microsoft azure sphere.
iot connectivitydevice connectivityiotech supported device technologiesdevice configuration toolcloud connectivity.
device connectivityiotech supported device technologiesdevice configuration tool.
iotech supported device technologies.
device configuration tool.
cloud connectivity.
edge managementedge builder.
edge builder.
training.
professional services.
industriesinternet of thingsindustriessmart retailthe open retail initiativethe smart retail real-time sensor fusionoil and gassmart energymanufacturingtelecommunicationbuilding automation.
internet of things.
industriessmart retailthe open retail initiativethe smart retail real-time sensor fusionoil and gassmart energymanufacturingtelecommunicationbuilding automation.
smart retailthe open retail initiativethe smart retail real-time sensor fusion.
the open retail initiative.
the smart retail real-time sensor fusion.
oil and gas.
smart energy.
manufacturing.
telecommunication.
building automation.
resourcessoftware downloadsproduct informationcommunityedgex latest release.
the jakarta releasesupport.
software downloads.
product information.
communityedgex latest release.
the jakarta release.
edgex latest release.
the jakarta release.
support.
partners.
companywhy iotechiotech leadership teamkeith steeleandrew fostersteve osseltonjim whitemarc flanaganduncan grahamalison macleantom urquhart, phd.
careerslatest updatesnewsblogeventsvideos.
why iotech.
iotech leadership teamkeith steeleandrew fostersteve osseltonjim whitemarc flanaganduncan grahamalison macleantom urquhart, phd.
keith steele.
andrew foster.
steve osselton.
jim white.
marc flanagan.
duncan graham.
alison maclean.
tom urquhart, phd.
careers.
latest updatesnewsblogeventsvideos.
news.
blog.
events.
videos.
contactcontact us.
contact us.
my account.
support portal.
store.
privacy policy.
our full company name is iotech systems limited (iotech) and we are legally required to process your personal information fairly and in a transparent manner.
if you need to contact us you can either.
email us directly at .
or.
send us a letter addressed to our registered office at.
iotech systems limited, the catalyst, 3 science square, newcastle upon tyne, ne4 5tg.
while everyone at iotech is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, we have a data protection officer who deals with all aspects of personal data at iotech.
you can contact our data protection officer, by sending an email directly to .
this privacy policy sets out how iotech uses and protects any information that you give or have previously given iotech.
iotech is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
iotech may change this policy from time to time by updating this page.
you should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
this policy is effective from may 2017.
what we collect.
we may collect the following information.
name and job title.
contact information including email address.
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests.
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.
what we do with the information we gather.
we require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for any of the following reasons, provided you have opted in to receive marketing communications from iotech.
we may periodically send promotional emails about new products, services or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
from time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes we may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
we may use the information to improve our products and services.
security.
we are committed to ensuring that your information is secure.
in order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
how we use cookies.
a cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive.
once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site.
cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual.
the web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
we use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used.
this helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs.
we only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not.
a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
you can choose to accept or decline cookies.
most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
links to other websites.
our website may contain links to other websites of interest.
however, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website.
therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
you should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
please note that we have implemented recaptcha v3 on our site and that your use of recaptcha is subject to the google privacy policy and terms of use.
controlling your personal information.
you may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways.
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by contacting us.
we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
we may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
under data protection law you may request details of personal information which we hold about you.
if you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact us at .
if you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, or if at any point you wish for us to delete information about you, please contact us so we can update it and keep your data accurate or delete your data as appropriate.
terms and conditions.
privacy policy.
accessibility notes.
cookie information.
legal notesprivacy policy.
contact.
the catalyst 3 science square newcastle upon tyne united kingdom ne4 5tg tel.
+44 (0)191 814 2220.
mailing list.
cookies.
legal notes.
privacy policy.
copyright © 2022 iotech systems limited.
access key enabled navigation.
none in use.
keywords for.
privacy policy.
edge computing, internet of things, iot, industrial iot.
