open connectivity foundation (ocf).
open connectivity foundation (ocf).
about usmembership listorganizational structureboard of directorsocf中国论坛 (ocf china forum)ocf india forumocf 코리아포럼 (ocf korea forum)joinfaqupnp faq.
membership list.
organizational structureboard of directorsocf中国论坛 (ocf china forum)ocf india forumocf 코리아포럼 (ocf korea forum).
board of directors.
ocf中国论坛 (ocf china forum).
ocf india forum.
ocf 코리아포럼 (ocf korea forum).
join.
faqupnp faq.
upnp faq.
liaisonsip-blisour partners.
ip-blis.
our partners.
businessconsumerenabling internet of thingsautomotiveautomotive faqhealthcarehealthcare faqsmart commercial buildingsmart homesmart home faqcase studiescollateral.
consumer.
enabling internet of things.
automotiveautomotive faq.
automotive faq.
healthcarehealthcare faq.
healthcare faq.
smart commercial building.
smart homesmart home faqcase studies.
smart home faq.
case studies.
collateral.
securitysecurity faq.
security faq.
technologyocf developer programcontribute codereference implementationocf secure ip device frameworkocf secure ip device framework faq.
ocf developer program.
contribute codereference implementation.
reference implementation.
ocf secure ip device frameworkocf secure ip device framework faq.
ocf secure ip device framework faq.
ocf specificationsinternational standardsdraft specificationsother specificationsfairhairupnp specifications & architectureupnp developer resourcesalljoyn.
international standards.
draft specifications.
other specificationsfairhairupnp specifications & architectureupnp developer resourcesalljoyn.
fairhair.
upnp specifications & architecture.
upnp developer resources.
alljoyn.
certificationcertified productsocf certificationauthorized test labsupnp certification.
certified products.
ocf certificationauthorized test labs.
authorized test labs.
upnp certification.
news & eventsannouncementsblogmember announcementsnewseventstechnical articleswebinars and podcasts.
announcements.
blog.
member announcements.
news.
events.
technical articles.
webinars and podcasts.
iotivity.
iotivity is an open source software project enabling seamless device-to-device connectivity where billions of wired and wireless internet of things (iot) devices can securely connect to each other and to the internet.
the open connectivity foundation (ocf) develops specifications, interoperability guidelines, and a certification program for these devices.
iotivity classic and iotivity lite are open source reference implementations of the ocf specification.
you can learn more about ocf here,  and about iotivity here.
the iotivity lite framework apis expose the framework to developers, and are available in several programming languages and for multiple operating systems.
the framework supports dedicated and optimized protocols for iot, with specific considerations for constrained devices and addressing all types of devices, form-factors, companies, ecosystems and markets.
the iotivity lite framework operates as middleware across all operating systems and connectivity platforms and has these four essential building blocks.
discovery.
supporting multiple mechanisms for discovering devices and resources in proximity and remotely.
data transmission.
supporting information exchange and control based on a messaging and streaming model.
data management.
supporting the collection, storage and analysis of data from various resources.
device management.
supporting configuration, provisioning and diagnostics of devices.
see below for information on how to get started with the iotivity lite code base.
get involved.
read more.
sign up for our enews.
to get the latest news & events.
*.
*.
your company*.
δ.
3855 sw 153rd drive, beaverton, oregon 97003, phone.
1.
503.
619.
0673.
copyright © 2022 - all rights reserved  |  sitemap  |  privacy policy  |  terms of use  |  site by.
the open connectivity foundation certification mark and word mark and the open connectivity foundation™ logo and word mark are trademarks or registered trademarks of open connectivity foundation, inc.
all rights reserved.
unauthorized use is strictly prohibited.
copyright © 2022 · log in.
