faq's.
blog.
privacy policy.
contact us.
sign in.
create account.
faq's.
blog.
privacy policy.
contact us.
sign in.
privacy policy.
welcome to share-your-photos, developed and managed by simplified it products llc, the makers of picture keeper products.
our free apps found on itunes and google play stores and the shareyourphotos.
com website allow you to easily and privately share photos from large events with others.
this privacy policy explains how we collect, use, share, and protect information in relation to our services and your choices about the collection and use of your information.
by using our share-your-photos service, you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to post photos, videos, etc (user content) and to share that content with others.
this means that other users may see, use, or share any of your user content that you make available through our service.
this policy applies to all users, visitors, and others who access the service via invitation only.
collecting information.
simplified it products, llc is the sole owner of the information collected from share-your-photos.
information collected will not be shared or sold to any third parties without prior permission.
simplified it products llc collects personally identifiable information from users who interact with the share-your-photos app and website, including.
username, password, and email address when you register for an account with share-your-photos.
profile information that you provide for your profile, including name, picture, etc.
communication between you and share-your-photos, such as email communication.
shipping address information for print/gift orders placed within our apps and website.
inviting others to use the appone benefit of share-your-photos is the ability for other people to collaborate and share photos with each other.
by inviting others to use share-your-photos apps, you will need to provide your friend’s email address.
we will automatically send your friend an email welcoming him or her to share-your- photos and this email address will be added to our email database for future communication.
we store this information for the sole purpose of sending email communication.
your friend may opt-out of these emails at any time.
communication from share-your-photoswe will occasionally send you email communication with information on special deals, promotions, or services.
when you download the share-your-photos app, you will automatically be added to our email database.
we will also send you emails after you have interacted with our app in various ways.
out of respect for your privacy, you have the option to opt-out/unsubscribe from these emails at any time.
instructions and links for doing so are included at the bottom of each email you receive.
for additional questions regarding this, please email us at .
we use shopifyplus platform ( with amazon's simple storage service ( to provide webhosting and klaviyo ( to provide email marketing for our site.
in addition, we use kite.
ly to provide photo printing and photo gift creation services through our app.
these third parties are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose.
we do not link aggregate user data with personally identifiable information nor do we share personally identifiable information with third parties.
log files, cookies, disclaimer, and more.
log filesas is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.
this includes internet protocol (ip) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (isp), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
we use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
again, we do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.
cookiesa cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes and ease of use.
we do use cookies on this site.
please note.
we do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.
we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
this policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the ios/android apps and website and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
this policy applies to information we collect.
on this application and website.
through your use of any of our applications that link to this policy.
communications in e-mail, text, and other electronic messages between you and us.
when you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.
please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it.
if you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our application and website.
by accessing or using this application and website, you agree to this privacy policy.
this policy may change from time to time.
your continued use of this application and website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
children under the age of 18our application and website is not intended for children under 18 years of age without parental supervision.
it is suggested that no one under age 18 provide any information to or on the website.
we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18.
if you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on this application and website or on or through any of its features/register on the application and website, make any contracts through the application and website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this application and website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address.
if we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.
information we collect about you and how we collect itwe collect several types of information from and about users of our application and website, including information.
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address or telephone number ("personal information").
that is about you but individually does not identify you.
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our application and website, and usage details.
we collect this information directly from you when you provide it to us and automatically as you navigate through the site.
information collected automatically may include usage details, ip addresses and information collected through cookies (see our cookie policy).
information you provide to usthe information we collect on or through our application and website may include.
information that you provide by filling in forms on our application and website.
this includes information provided at the time of registering to use our application and website and when you update your profile.
we may also ask you for information when you enter a promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our application and website.
records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
details of transactions you carry out through our application and website and of the fulfillment of your orders.
you may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our application and website.
your search queries on the application and website.
how we use your informationwe use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information.
we do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties.
to present our application and website and its contents to you.
to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
to provide you with notices about your account.
to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
to notify you about changes to our application and website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
to allow you to participate in interactive features on our application and website such as leaving comments.
in any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
for any other purpose with your consent.
we may also use your information to contact you about goods and services that may be of interest to you whether our own or our third party partners’).
if you do not want us to use your information in this way, please adjust your user preferences in your account profile).
we may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers' target audiences.
even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
disclosure of your informationwe may disclose aggregated information about our users without restriction.
we may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy.
to our subsidiaries and affiliates.
to contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business.
to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganisation, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of the company’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by the company about our application and website users is among the assets transferred.
to third parties to market their products or services to you if you have not opted out of these disclosures.
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information with your consent.
we may also disclose your personal information.
to comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
to enforce or apply our terms of use (see terms of use on application and website).
if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the company, our customers or others.
choices about how we use and disclose your informationwe strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us.
we have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information.
tracking technologies and advertisingyou can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
to learn how you can manage your flash cookie settings, visit the flash player settings page on adobe's website.
if you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
promotional offers from the companyif you do not wish to have your [e-mail address/contact information] used by the company to promote our own or third parties' products or services.
if we have sent you a promotional e-mail, you may send us a return e-mail asking to be omitted from future e-mail distributions.
this opt out does not apply to information provided to the company as a result of a product purchase, product service experience or other transactions.
accessing and correcting your informationyou can review and change your personal information by logging into the website and visiting your account profile page.
you may also send us an e-mail at to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us.
we cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account.
we may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
if you delete comments you have posted on the apps and website, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other apps and website users.
data securitywe have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorised access, use, alteration and disclosure.
all information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls.
any payment transactions and will be encrypted using ssl technology.
the safety and security of your information also depends on you.
where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our application and website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
we ask you not to share your password with anyone.
we urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the application and website like comments sections.
any user of the application and website may view the information you share in public areas.
unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our application and website.
any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the application and website.
disclaimer of warranty.
limitation of liability this disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or injury caused by any act or omission of ours or any of our affiliates, agents, employees, directors, officers, donors, grantees, content providers or volunteers, any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of data, whether for breach of contract, tortious behavior, negligence, or under any other cause of action.
you specifically acknowledge that neither us nor any of our affiliates, agents, employees, directors, officers, donors, grantees, content providers, or volunteers is liable for the defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of other users and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with you.
you agree that use of our website is entirely at your own risk.
our website, content and services are provided "as is," and "as available" for your personal use only, without representation or warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation any warranty for information, services, uninterrupted access or products provided through or in connection with wedpics or the website.
we specifically disclaim any and all warranties, including without limitation any warranties concerning the availability and accuracy of content, information, products or services, and any warranties of title or warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
neither wedpics nor any of its affiliates, agents, employees, directors, officers, donors, grantees, content providers, or volunteers shall be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages arising out of or in connection with your use of the website or your inability to gain access to or use the website or the content.
you hereby acknowledge that the provisions of this section shall apply to all ideas on the website or submitted to us.
because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you.
in such jurisdictions, our potential liability will be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
in the event that this section 11 is determined by any court to be unenforceable, you agree that any claim that you bring against wedpics or any of its affiliates, agents, employees, directors, officers, donors, grantees, content providers, or volunteers thereof shall be brought only in your individual capacity, and such claim shall not be consolidated with the arbitration, hearing or other proceeding (including without limitation any other suit or class action) brought by or against another user or us without our express written consent.
changes to our privacy policyit is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the application and website home page.
if we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the application and website home page.
the date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
you are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our application and website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
contact usif you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at.
.
faq's.
contact us.
blog.
privacy policy.
© 2022, share your photos.
