productsgnss tracking devicesvehicle gps trackersasset gps trackerspersonal trackersobd trackersbike locks with trackeraccessoriescatalogue for trackerscar dvrsdms 4g dashcam• jc400d• jc450dual channel 4g dashcam• jc400• jc500• tc400all in one dashcam• jc400p• jc120 4g mini mdvr• jc500.
solutionsfleet managementfleet safetyvideo telematicsfleet efficiencyfleet sustainabilitybike-sharingasset trackingtrailer trackingrental equipment trackinggps package trackingcontainer gps trackingbattery trackingindustrialcar rentalusage-based insurancetaxis & ride-hailingconstruction & heavy equipmentgovernment & enterpriselogistics & delivery.
platformtracksolidproapiplatform partners.
about usabout usnewsroomfaqjimi security.
contact us.
home.
productsgnss tracking devices• vehicle gps trackers• asset gps trackers• personal trackers• obd trackers• bike locks with tracker• accessoriescar dvrs.
gnss tracking devices.
• vehicle gps trackers.
• asset gps trackers.
• personal trackers.
• obd trackers.
• bike locks with tracker.
• accessories.
car dvrs.
solutionsfleet managementfleet safety• video telematicsfleet efficiencyfleet sustainability• bike-sharing• electric vehicleindustrial• taxis & ride-hailing• car rental• usage-based insurance• construction & heavy equipment• logistics & delivery• government & enterpriseasset tracking• rental equipment tracking• trailer tracking• gps package tracking• container gps tracking.
fleet management.
fleet safety.
• video telematics.
fleet efficiency.
fleet sustainability.
• bike-sharing.
• electric vehicle.
industrial.
• taxis & ride-hailing.
• car rental.
• usage-based insurance.
• construction & heavy equipment.
• logistics & delivery.
• government & enterprise.
asset tracking.
• rental equipment tracking.
• trailer tracking.
• gps package tracking.
• container gps tracking.
platformtracksolidproapiplatform partners.
tracksolidpro.
api.
platform partners.
about usabout usnewsroomfaqjimi security.
about us.
newsroom.
faq.
jimi security.
contact us.
privacy policy.
thisprivacy policy only applies to tracksolidor relevantservices offered by shenzhen jimi iot co.
, ltd (hereinafter referred to as"we" or "us").
you are welcome to use the location servicesprovided by this application.
we work hard to protect your privacy and personalinformation.
this privacy policy applies to all scenarios where you use theservices provided by this application.
thisapplication mainly provides location services, voice services, video services,and picture services.
if you do not agree to or do not understand any part ofthis privacy policy, you must not proceed to use this application.
bycontinuing to use this application, you have fully understood and agreed to allof this privacy policy.
this privacypolicy will help you understand the following content.
1.
what information we collect.
2.
howwe use cookies and other technologies.
3.
storage of information.
4.
information security.
5.
howwe use your information.
6.
sharing your information.
7.
yourrights.
8.
protection of minors.
9.
changes to this policy.
10.
contact information.
thedetails of this privacy policy are as follows.
1.
whatinformation we collect.
toprovide better services to you, we may collect information provided by you orgenerated during your use of our services in the following ways.
1.
1when you create an account with your email address, you provide us with youremail addressandmobile number.
we are fully aware that email addresses and mobilenumbers are sensitive information.
we collect such information to comply withthe internet real-name system stipulated in relevant laws and regulations.
ifyou decline to provide such information, you may be denied access to theapplication and its relevant functions.
1.
2when you use this application, to ensure the normal use of all our services, inaccordance with relevant laws and regulations, and to better our services andsecure your account, we may collect the following data.
device model, operating system, browser name and version, unique deviceidentifier, login ip address, application version number, network access mode,type, and status, and crash log information of the application.
suchinformation is essential for providing services.
1.
3requesting for network data and remote version update is the basic function ofthis application.
to this end, we may need permissions toaccess your device status and external storage.
we will apply forthese two permissions for the first time you use our services.
if you declineto grant such permissions, the application cannot provide services.
if you wishto continue to use these services after the decline, you can go to the systempermissions management module and re-grant the read and write permissions onthe mobile status and external storage.
1.
4when we have your consent, we may acquire yourprecise location information (gps information)to offer youlocation services.
such information belongs to sensitive information.
bydeclining to provide such information, you will be unable to view your currentlocation, but you can still use other functions.
1.
5when you use picture, recording, or video services, we may collect thesepicture, recording, and video content,as collecting such information is essential for the basic services of the device.
this information is stored on a cloud server.
you are entitled to request todelete it.
1.
6when you use the location services, we may use the location function of baidu,openstreetmap, here, google, mapbox, or arcgis maps, as the location servicesis an essential function of this application.
thelocation informationreturned by these maps and collected by uswill be timely displayed on the application.
we shall not use it for any otherpurpose.
1.
7 tohelp us better understand the operation status of our application, we may callup the third-party service google analysis to record relevant information.
weshall not combine the information in the analysis software with any personalinformation provided by you in our application.
1.
8when you use the push function of the platform, we may use third-party pushservices (such as jpush and amazon) to provide you such push services, so youcan receivedevice alarm notificationsfaster.
1.
9when you use the share function, the system may complete the sharing via thethird-party sharing tool you selected, which makes sharing trips to yourfriends more convenient.
youunderstand that the functions and services we offered are always updating andevolving.
if a function or service that is not specified in the descriptionabove collects your personal information, we will use webpage tips, interactiveprocedures, website bulletins, or other methods to notify you of theinformation, scope, and purpose of such a collection.
2.
how we usecookie and other technologies.
cookieis a mechanism that supports a server (or script) to store information to andretrieve information on a client.
when you use some functions, we may send oneor multiple cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device.
when you interactwith these functions, we allow the sending of cookies or anonymous identifiersto the server.
a cookie normally contains some randomly-generated characters.
by using cookie technology, this application can understand your behavior ofuse or help you know the security status of your account.
cookies can also helpus to do statistics about traffic and analyze the effectiveness of the pagedesign.
wewill not use cookies for any purposes other than these stated in this privacypolicy.
you can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences.
3.
storage ofinformation.
westrictly abide by laws and regulations and the agreement with users and use theinformation we collect for the following purposes.
if we use your personalinformation for purposes other than these stated below, we will explain to youagain and ask for your consent.
thepersonal information this application collects is transmitted over the internetto our system server in an encrypted manner.
the security level of ourequipment room management, server management, network management, and thisapplication is relatively high.
we retain your information only for the periodnecessary for the purposes stated in this privacy policy and for the periodstipulated by laws, regulations, and supervision.
we will not share the aboveinformation with any third party or use them for any purposes other than statedunless you choose to or under the requirements of relevant laws andregulations.
3.
1information storage location.
we may,in accordance with laws and regulations and based on actual requirements, storeyour personal information we collect on our cloud server which is hosted in germany,united states and hong kong china.
3.
2information retention period.
generally,we may retain your personal information only for the period necessary for thepurposes stated.
whenour product or services stops operating, we shall notify you via a pushnotification or bulletin or in any other way, delete or anonymize your personalinformation within a reasonable period, and stops collecting your personalinformation immediately.
4.
informationsecurity.
westrive to guarantee the security of our users' personal information to preventthe information from being lost, used illegally, or accessed or disclosed withoutauthorization.
wewill use all types of security precautions at a reasonable security level toprotect your personal information.
for example, we may use encryptiontechnologies (such as ssl) to protect your personal information.
wewill enhance the security capability of our software installed on your deviceby constantly improving the technologies to prevent the disclosure of yourpersonal information.
for example, we may encrypt part of the informationlocally for secure transmission.
wehave established a dedicated management system, procedure, and organization toguarantee the security of information.
for example, we strictly control thepersons that are allowed to access the information and these persons arerequired to observe confidentiality obligations.
if anysecurity incident such as personal information disclosure occurs, we will takethe contingency plan to stop the incident from expanding and notify you via apush notification, bulletin, or in any other way.
5.
how we use yourpersonal information.
toensure the security of the services and help us to better understand theoperation status of our application, we may record relevant information such asthe frequency you use an application, crash data, overall use statistics,performance data, and the source of the application.
we will not combine theinformation in the analysis software with any personal information provided byyou in our application.
if weuse your personal information for purposes other than stated or outside thedirect or reasonable associated scope, we will ask for your explicit consentprior to use.
6.
sharing yourinformation.
wewill notdisclose any personalinformation we collect.
if under any circumstance we have to disclose suchinformation, we will notify you of the purpose of this disclosure, the typeof information to be disclosed, and the sensitive information that may involve,and ask for your explicit consent.
inaddition, in accordance with relevant laws, regulations, and nationalstandards, we maydiscloseyourinformation without your prior consent in the following circumstances.
1)relate directly to national security or national defense.
2)relate directly to public safety, public health, or major public interest.
3)relate directly to crime investigation, lawsuits, judgment, etc.
4) forthe purpose of safeguarding major legitimate rights and interests such as thelife or property of the subject of the personal information or another personwhile it is hard to have the consent of the person themselves.
5)personal information that the subject of the personal information voluntarilyshares to the public.
6)personal information collected from information disclosed legally, such as fromnews reports or information published by the government.
7) othercircumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
7.
your rights.
duringyour use of this application, to ensure that you can access, modify, and deleteyour personal information conveniently and to guarantee your rights to withdrawyour consent to use your personal information and to log off your account, weoffer you corresponding operation settings in our product design.
toquery, modify, or delete your personal information, go toprofile>personal info.
8.
protection ofminors.
theprotection of the personal information of minors is important to us.
inaccordance with relevant laws and regulations, if you are under age 14, youmust have the written consent of your parent or legal guardian before usingthis application.
if you are the legal guardian of a minor, when you have anyquestions about the personal information of the minor you are guarding, you cancontact us via the contact information in section 10.
9.
changes to thispolicy.
wechange this privacy policy from time to time.
when terms in this privacy policychange, we will present to you the instructions after change with pop-ups whenyou log in or update your version.
please be noted that we will collect, use,and store your personal information in accordance with the new privacy policyonly when you click on thei agreebutton in the pop-up.
you can view the privacy policy inprofile>settings>about us.
10.
contactinformation.
if youhave any suggestions on this application, please contact us viaprofile>feedback.
we will review the feedback as soon as possible and replyto the feedback in fifteen (15) days after we have verified your identity.
wehave established a dedicated personal data protection department (or a personaldata protection specialist), you can contact the department (specialist) via.
.
contact address.
3-4/f, block a, building #7, shenzhen international innovation valley, dashi 1nd road, nanshan district, shenzhen, guangdong, china.
