nzd.
aud.
usd.
eur.
gbp.
jpy.
shopone of a kindringsearringsnecklacesthe latest.
bespokebespoke processbespoke gallery.
lookbooklookbook.
usabout ustestimonialslove letters to our loversjournal.
our ethics.
contact.
keep up with lkc x.
newsletter.
fb.
pin.
ins.
login.
register.
forgot your password.
reset your password.
we will send you an email to reset your password.
your privacy is important to us.
it is layla kaisi collection's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website,  and other sites we own and operate.
we only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you.
we collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent.
we also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
we only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service.
what data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
we don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us.
please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
by using our website, you (the visitor) agree to allow third parties to process your ip address, in order to determine your location for the purpose of currency conversion.
you also agree to have that currency stored in a session cookie in your browser (a temporary cookie which gets automatically removed when you close your browser).
we do this in order for the selected currency to remain selected and consistent when browsing our website so that the prices can convert to your (the visitor) local currency.
you are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information.
if you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
this policy is effective as of 23 august 2018.
need to know.
about us.
care guide.
faq.
sizing chart.
shipping + production.
terms.
privacy policy.
contact us.
we are.
fb.
pin.
ins.
american express.
maestro.
mastercard.
shop pay.
visa.
shopone of a kindringsearringsnecklacesthe latest.
one of a kind.
rings.
earrings.
necklaces.
the latest.
bespokebespoke processbespoke gallery.
bespoke process.
bespoke gallery.
lookbooklookbook.
lookbook.
usabout ustestimonialslove letters to our loversjournal.
about us.
testimonials.
love letters to our lovers.
journal.
our ethics.
contact.
sign in.
register.
nzd        nzd              aud              usd              eur              gbp              jpy.
nzd.
aud.
usd.
eur.
gbp.
jpy.
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
