toolbar items.
administration menu.
tools.
my bookmarks.
investorsangelsseedseries alpsfund performance.
angels.
seed.
series a.
lps.
fund performance.
coins.
contact.
about us.
helpprivacy policy.
privacy policy.
user account actions.
log in.
privacy policy.
breadcrumb.
home.
your privacy is important to us.
it is kando technologies inc's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website,  and other sites we own and operate.
we only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you.
we collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent.
we also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
we only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service.
what data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
we don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us.
please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
you are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information.
if you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
this policy is effective as of 15 february 2021.
let our ai find the right investors for yourstartup, growth company, or fund.
create an account to have our ai discover investors for you.
it is free and no credit card details are required.
or try kando without registering (user.
"demo", password "demo").
no investments by your followed people or companies within this date range.
popular research boards.
blockchain.
micro-vc.
crypto funds.
fintech.
artificial intelligence.
cryptocurrency exchange.
corporate venturing.
healthcare.
accelerator.
sensors.
challenger bank.
family office.
payments.
cryptocurrencies.
internet of things (iot).
cryptocurrency trading.
data driven investment.
marketplaces.
nanotechnology.
unicorn.
deep learning.
gaming.
robotics.
music.
liquidity.
automotive.
↑check whether your company is in the kando database by typing its name in the search box1 of 8.
↑.
check whether your company is in the kando database by typing its name in the search box.
add your companyif your company  is not in the database, create an account and, once logged in, add it by selecting "add" > "add company" in order to create a profile.
2 of 8.
add your company.
if your company  is not in the database, create an account and, once logged in, add it by selecting "add" > "add company" in order to create a profile.
add your companyif your company  is not in the database, you can add it by selecting "add" > "add company" in order to create a profile.
(you need to be logged in to do this.
)3 of 8.
add your company.
if your company  is not in the database, you can add it by selecting "add" > "add company" in order to create a profile.
(you need to be logged in to do this.
).
find investorsafter you have created your company profile, click on the "find investors" button to generate a list of investors for it.
4 of 8.
find investors.
after you have created your company profile, click on the "find investors" button to generate a list of investors for it.
find investorsopen the company profile which you have created, and click on the "find investors" button under the logo to generate a list of investors for it.
5 of 8.
find investors.
open the company profile which you have created, and click on the "find investors" button under the logo to generate a list of investors for it.
find investorsopen the company profile, and click on the "find investors" button under the logo to generate a list of investors for it.
6 of 8.
find investors.
open the company profile, and click on the "find investors" button under the logo to generate a list of investors for it.
see the investor listonce our ai has generated your investor list, click on "my projects" to see it.
7 of 8.
see the investor list.
once our ai has generated your investor list, click on "my projects" to see it.
see the investor listonce our ai has generated your investor list, click on "my projects" menu item to see it.
8 of 8.
see the investor list.
once our ai has generated your investor list, click on "my projects" menu item to see it.
