productsvcode.
binary analysisxguard.
detection and preventionvms.
vulnerability management.
vcode.
binary analysis.
xguard.
detection and prevention.
vms.
vulnerability management.
servicestrainingcompliancetara.
training.
compliance.
tara.
industriesev industryautomotiveenterprise edgeconsumer iot.
ev industry.
automotive.
enterprise edge.
consumer iot.
newskaramba in the newspress releasesblog.
karamba in the news.
press releases.
blog.
companyleadership & boardinvestorscareers.
leadership & board.
investors.
careers.
contact.
privacy & cookiepolicy.
karamba security ltd.
privacy policy.
the karamba security privacy policy was last updated on june 26, 2018.
we, karamba security ltd.
, company registration no.
515390979, with registered place of business at24 hanagar st.
, hod hasharon 45277-13, israel, and our corporate affiliates (“karamba“, “we“or “us“), are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
we believe in transparencyand want you to feel comfortable using our platform, and we are committed to being upfront about howwe treat your personal information.
1.
important information and who we are.
a.
purpose of this privacy policy.
this privacy policy (“policy“) explains how we collect and process your personal data when you(“you” or “your”, the user of our services) access and use our website ( “site“), and products and services provided by us (which, together, are referred to as the“services“), and how we use such information and protect it.
the policy also wishes to make surethat you are aware of the options available to you when you access and use our services.
it is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy notice or fairprocessing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personaldata about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data.
this policysupplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
b.
data controller.
karamba is the controller and responsible for your personal data.
c.
contact details.
our full details are.
karamba security ltd.
email address.
[email protected].
postal address.
24 hanagar st.
, hod hasharon 45277-13, israel.
telephone number.
+972-9-88-66-113.
you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the relevant supervisory authority.
we would,however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach such authority, soplease contact us in the first instance.
d.
third-party links.
this website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications.
clicking on thoselinks or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you.
wedo not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy policies andpractices.
when you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every websiteyou visit.
2.
the personal data we collect and process.
“personal data”, or personal information, means any information about an individual from whichthat person can be identified.
it does not include data where the identity has been removed(anonymous data).
we do not collect any special categories of personal data about you (this includes details aboutyour race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, politicalopinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data).
nordo we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
we may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you.
a.
information you provide us.
if you actively consent to receiving newsletters, marketing and promotional information from us, wewill collect and process your name and email address for the purpose of sending you marketinginformation about our products and services.
you may optionally choose to provide job title andcompany name when you sign up.
our mailing program also allows us to see when you open our emailand click links in them.
the legal ground for processing your name and email address for thispurpose is your consent.
you may withdraw your consent at any time through the “unsubscribe” link atthe bottom of each of our marketing emails.
any information you provide us is provided by you voluntarily, and you may withdraw your consent tothe use of your personal information hereunder at any time.
however, certain information is requiredin order for you to register and enjoy the full benefits of our services, and a withdrawal of yourconsent might limit your ability to enjoy our services.
b.
personal data that is processed when you communicate with us.
when you communicate with us using the “contact us” section on our site or otherwise interact withus via email, telephone or online, we collect and process personal data, such as your name, emailaddress, phone number, and contact preferences.
you may optionally choose to provide your job titleand company name.
we use this information to respond to your requests and inquiries and to provide you withinformation about karamba.
the legal ground for processing this information for these purposes iskaramba’s legitimate interests in providing quality information and support to customers.
c.
information we collect from your use of the services.
when you interact with our services, we may automatically collect (by cookies, web beacons andsimilar technologies) certain information.
(a) technical information, including the internetprotocol (ip) address used to connect your computer to the internet, your login information, browsertype and version, time zone setting, language preferences, browser plug-in types and versions,operating system, version, device information and the geographic location of the device that you areusing to log-in.
(b) information about your visit, including the full uniform resource locators(url) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time).
products you viewed orsearched for, the frequency and scope of your use of the services, page interaction information(such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), the content you viewed (including advertisements youclicked on) and pages you visited, your communications with other users and third parties, andcookie data.
you can grant or revoke your consent to our collection of your location at any timeand/or prevent us from continuing to access your gps information by disabling the gps or otherlocation-tracking functions on your device, provided your device allows you to do this.
further information on how we use cookies can be found in our cookie policy.
to learn more about cookies, please visit allaboutcookies.
org.
you may deleteor decline cookies by changing your browser settings.
the “help” function in the toolbar of mostbrowsers should indicate how you can set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies or todisable cookies entirely.
however, if you refuse to accept cookies, you won’t be able to access andtake advantage of many features of our services properly.
d.
collaboration with google and other third-party ad networks.
we may collaborate with google or other third party vendors or advertising networks as businesspartners.
google uses cookies to help serve the ads it displays on the websites of its partners,such as websites displaying google ads or participating in google certified ad networks.
when usersvisit a google partner’s website, a cookie may be dropped on that end user’s browser.
third party vendors, including google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits toour website or other websites.
third party vendors, including google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits toour website or other websites.
google’s use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to you based on youvisit to our sites and/or other sites on the internet.
google’s use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to you based on youvisit to our sites and/or other sites on the internet.
you may opt out of personalised advertising by visiting ads settings.
alternatively, you can opt out of some third-party vendor’s use of cookies for interest-basedadvertising by visiting aboutads.
info.
you may opt out of personalised advertising by visiting ads settings.
alternatively, you can opt out of some third-party vendor’s use of cookies for interest-basedadvertising by visiting aboutads.
info.
please be advised that the cookies of other third-party vendors or ad networksmay also be used to serve ads on our website, and therefore, please be informed as follows.
third-party vendors and ad networks may serve ads on our site.
third-party vendors and ad networks may serve ads on our site.
you may visit the foregoing websites to opt out of the use of cookies for interest-basedadvertising (if the vendor or ad network offers this capability).
alternatively, you can opt outof some third-party vendor’s use of cookies for interest-based advertising by visitingaboutads.
info.
you may visit the foregoing websites to opt out of the use of cookies for interest-basedadvertising (if the vendor or ad network offers this capability).
alternatively, you can opt outof some third-party vendor’s use of cookies for interest-based advertising by visitingaboutads.
info.
we also collect, use, and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for anypurpose.
aggregated data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal datain law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity.
for example, we mayaggregate your usage data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature.
however, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your personal data so that it can directly orindirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used inaccordance with this policy.
e.
if you fail to provide personal data.
where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you andyou fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have orare trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services).
in thiscase, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us, but we will notify you if this isthe case at the time.
3.
how we use the information we collect and store.
a.
we respect your privacy.
we will only use your personal data when the law allows us to.
inaddition to the uses described under section 2, we will most commonly use your personal data in thefollowing circumstances.
where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interestsand fundamental rights do not override those interests.
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interestsand fundamental rights do not override those interests.
where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
b.
we specifically use the information to help us to.
deliver relevant website content to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the contentwe serve to you.
deliver relevant website content to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the contentwe serve to you.
communicate back to you.
communicate back to you.
make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest toyou.
make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest toyou.
allow you to access services, or otherwise engage in activities in the site that you select.
allow you to access services, or otherwise engage in activities in the site that you select.
c.
we use information that we collect about you as follows.
to perform network communications, to administer our site and to support internal operations,including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes andas part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure.
to perform network communications, to administer our site and to support internal operations,including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes andas part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure.
for maintaining and analysing the function of the services’ features and offerings,advertisements, and e-mail communications, and to improve them when necessary.
for maintaining and analysing the function of the services’ features and offerings,advertisements, and e-mail communications, and to improve them when necessary.
we may also use this information to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users ofour site about services that may interest you or them.
we may also use this information to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users ofour site about services that may interest you or them.
karamba limits access to your personal information by karamba personnel to those whom we believereasonably need that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do theirjobs.
d.
change of purpose.
we will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless wereasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible withthe original purpose.
if we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we willexplain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, incompliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
we will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless wereasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible withthe original purpose.
if we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we willexplain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, incompliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
4.
disclosure of your information to third parties.
we value your privacy and will not share your personal information except with the parties set outbelow for the purposes indicated in sections 2 and 3 above.
with our affiliates.
this relates to companies that are legally part of the same group ofcompanies that we are part of, or that become part of that group.
currently our affiliates arebased in israel, germany, the united states of america, and japan and provide it and systemadministration services.
with our affiliates.
this relates to companies that are legally part of the same group ofcompanies that we are part of, or that become part of that group.
currently our affiliates arebased in israel, germany, the united states of america, and japan and provide it and systemadministration services.
service providers acting as processors who provide it and system administration services.
service providers acting as processors who provide it and system administration services.
legal advisors, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers basedin israel who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
legal advisors, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers basedin israel who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
we may disclose personal information (i) as a response to a legal request (such as a court order,search warrant, or subpoena) if we believe that we are required to do so by applicable law.
or(ii) when we believe that such disclosure or use is necessary in order to.
reveal, prevent andaddress fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other illegal activities.
enforcethis policy, including in order to investigate potential breaches.
protect our rights, property orsafety, or those of our users or from members of the public from harm, as required or permitted bylaw.
and prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
in such events, karamba may disclose a name,address, country, phone number, email address and company name.
we may disclose personal information (i) as a response to a legal request (such as a court order,search warrant, or subpoena) if we believe that we are required to do so by applicable law.
or(ii) when we believe that such disclosure or use is necessary in order to.
reveal, prevent andaddress fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other illegal activities.
enforcethis policy, including in order to investigate potential breaches.
protect our rights, property orsafety, or those of our users or from members of the public from harm, as required or permitted bylaw.
and prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
in such events, karamba may disclose a name,address, country, phone number, email address and company name.
third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or ourassets.
alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them.
if a changehappens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set outin this policy.
we require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it inaccordance with the law.
we do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personaldata for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specifiedpurposes and in accordance with our instructions.
third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or ourassets.
alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them.
if a changehappens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set outin this policy.
we require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it inaccordance with the law.
we do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personaldata for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specifiedpurposes and in accordance with our instructions.
non-personally identifiable information.
we may also share aggregated or non-personally identifiable information that we collect under anyof the above circumstances with our business partners, affiliates or other third parties todevelop and deliver targeted advertising on our websites and on websites of third parties.
we alsomay share aggregated information with third parties, including advisors, advertisers andinvestors, for the purpose of conducting general business analysis.
for example, we may tell ouradvertisers the number of visitors to our website and the most popular features or servicesaccessed.
this information does not contain any personal information and may be used to developwebsite content and services that we hope you and other users will find interesting and tocustomise content and advertising.
5.
transfers of personal data.
we are an israeli private company headquartered in hod hasharon, israel.
please be aware that we mayneed to transfer your information, including your personal data, to israel, the united states andother countries through certain third parties that we use to operate and manage the site andservices, including hubspot.
whenever we transfer your personal data out of the eea, we ensure a similar degree of protection isafforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented.
we will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequatelevel of protection for personal data by the european commission.
we will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequatelevel of protection for personal data by the european commission.
where we use providers based in the us, we may transfer data to them if they are part of theprivacy shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared betweenthe europe and the us.
where we use providers based in the us, we may transfer data to them if they are part of theprivacy shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared betweenthe europe and the us.
please contact us under [email protected]m_ if you want further information on thespecific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the eea.
6.
data retention.
karamba will retain your information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out inthis policy, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reportingrequirements, or for as long as your account is active, or as needed to provide you services, or forthe relevant term under the respective statute of limitation that may apply to the relationshipbetween you and us.
to determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, andsensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure ofyour personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achievethose purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
if you no longer want karamba to use your information to provide you services, you may close youraccount.
karamba will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with ourlegal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
in some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associatedwith you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this informationindefinitely without further notice to you.
7.
how do we secure your information.
we consider data security a top priority and we do our best to keep your personal data secure.
wehave put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from beingaccidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.
such measuresinclude.
encrypting many of our services using ssl.
encrypting many of our services using ssl.
employing firewalls and intrusion detection systems.
employing firewalls and intrusion detection systems.
practicing administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect theinformation you provide us.
practicing administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect theinformation you provide us.
in addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and otherthird parties who have a business need to know.
they will only process your personal data on ourinstructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
we have put in place procedures to deal with personal data breach (whether such breach is actual ora probable threat) and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legallyrequired to do so.
please keep in mind that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronicstorage, is 100% secure.
as a result, although we strive to protect your personal information, wecannot promise or guarantee that such information will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions,unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
if you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if youfeel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), pleaseimmediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the “contact us” sectionbelow.
8.
protection of children’s privacy.
our services are not directed to children under eighteen (18) years.
if it comes to our attention through reliable means that a registered user is a child under eighteen(18) years of age, we will cancel that user’s access to the services.
9.
your legal rights.
if you reside in the european union, you have certain rights under european data protection law withregard to your personal data.
you have the right to.
request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”).
thisenables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we arelawfully processing it.
request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”).
thisenables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we arelawfully processing it.
request correction of the personal data that we hold about you.
this enables you to have anyincomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify theaccuracy of the new data you provide to us.
request correction of the personal data that we hold about you.
this enables you to have anyincomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify theaccuracy of the new data you provide to us.
request erasure of your personal data.
this enables you to ask us to delete or remove personaldata where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it.
you also have the right to askus to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right toobject to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or wherewe are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law.
note, however, that we maynot always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which, ifapplicable, will be notified to you at the time of your request.
request erasure of your personal data.
this enables you to ask us to delete or remove personaldata where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it.
you also have the right to askus to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right toobject to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or wherewe are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law.
note, however, that we maynot always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which, ifapplicable, will be notified to you at the time of your request.
object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (orthose of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes youwant to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights andfreedoms.
you also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for directmarketing purposes.
in some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate groundsto process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (orthose of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes youwant to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights andfreedoms.
you also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for directmarketing purposes.
in some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate groundsto process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
request restriction of processing of your personal data.
this enables you to ask us to suspendthe processing of your personal data in the following scenarios.
(a) if you want us to establishthe data’s accuracy.
(b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.
(c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it toestablish, exercise or defend legal claims.
or (d) you have objected to our use of your data butwe need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
request restriction of processing of your personal data.
this enables you to ask us to suspendthe processing of your personal data in the following scenarios.
(a) if you want us to establishthe data’s accuracy.
(b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.
(c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it toestablish, exercise or defend legal claims.
or (d) you have objected to our use of your data butwe need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party.
we will provide to you,or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used,machine-readable format.
note that this right only applies to automated information which youinitially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contractwith you.
request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party.
we will provide to you,or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used,machine-readable format.
note that this right only applies to automated information which youinitially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contractwith you.
withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data.
however, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdrawyour consent.
if you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products orservices to you.
we will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data.
however, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdrawyour consent.
if you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products orservices to you.
we will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
if you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us under[email protected]m_.
you will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the otherrights).
however, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive orexcessive.
alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
we may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensureyour right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights).
this is asecurity measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right toreceive it.
we may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your requestto speed up our response.
we try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month.
occasionally it may take us longerthan a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests.
in thiscase, we will notify you and keep you updated.
if you do not reside in the european union but you believe that you have a right to restriction ofprocessing or a right to object to processing under your local laws, please contact karamba at[email protected]m_.
10.
changes to our privacy policy.
any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, whereappropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
please check back frequently to see any updates or changesto our privacy policy.
to the extent permitted by law, your continued use of our services followingthe posting of changes to this policy or providing notice to you, whichever occurs first, means thatyou accept those changes.
11.
general.
if any provision of this policy is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, theinvalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of thispolicy, which shall remain in full force and effect, provided, however, that in such event thispolicy shall be interpreted so as to give effect, to the greatest extent consistent with, andpermitted by, applicable law, to the meaning and intention of the excluded provision as determinedby such court of competent jurisdiction.
12.
governing law and jurisdiction.
this policy shall be governed by the laws of the state of israel, without respect to its conflict oflaws principles.
we each agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courtslocated in tel aviv, israel, and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objectionsto such courts.
our services are controlled and operated from israel, and we make no representations that they areappropriate or available for use in other locations.
13.
note to international users.
we are an israeli private company headquartered in hod hasharon, israel.
if you are located outsideof israel, the personal information you provide to us will be transferred to israel and governed byapplicable israeli laws and regulations and this privacy policy.
some of this information may betransferred to, processed and stored by our service providers in other countries.
karamba security ltd.
cookie policy.
this cookie policy explains more about how karamba security ltd.
and its affiliates (“karamba”or “we”) and our authorized service providers, may use cookies, web beacons, and other similartechnologies (collectively “cookies”) on our websites (including (the “sites”), as well as your choices related to such use.
what are cookies.
a cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visitthe site.
some cookies are deleted once you close your browser, while other cookies are retainedeven after you close your browser so that you can be recognized when you return to a website.
moreinformation about cookies and how they work is available at cookies enable a website to remember your actionsand preferences over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you comeback to the site or browse from one page to another.
how do we use cookies.
we use cookies to gather information about usage patterns when you navigate the sites in order toenhance your experience, and to understand usage patterns to improve our site, products, andservices.
we also allow certain third parties to place cookies on our site in order to collectinformation about online activities on our sites over time and across other websites you visit.
thisinformation is used to provide advertising tailored to your interests on websites you visit, alsoknown as interest advertising, and to analyse the effectiveness of such advertising.
cookies on our sites are generally divided into the following categories.
strictly necessary cookies.
these are required for the operation of our site.
they include, forexample, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas.
these cookies are session cookies thatare erased when you close your browser.
analytical/performance cookies.
these allow us to recognize and count the number of users of oursites and understand how such users navigate through our site.
this helps to improve how our sitesworks, for example, by ensuring that users can find what they are looking for easily.
these cookiesare session cookies which are erased when you close your browser.
we use google analytics for thispurpose, and you can see below for how to control the use of cookies by google analytics.
see belowfor further details on how you can control third party targeting cookies.
functional cookies.
these improve the functional performance of our sites and make it easier foryou to use.
for example, cookies are used to remember that you have previously visited the site.
these cookies qualify as persistent cookies, because they remain on your device for us to use duringa next visit to our site.
you can delete these cookies via your browser settings.
targeting cookies.
these record your visit to our site, the pages you have visited and the linksyou have followed to recognize you as a previous visitor and to track your activity on the sites andother websites you visit.
these cookies qualify as persistent cookies, because they remain on yourdevice for us to use during a next visit to our site.
see below for further details on how you cancontrol third party targeting cookies.
third-party cookies on our site.
certain third parties may set and access cookies on your computer.
the cookie-related information iscontrolled and accessed solely by the respective third-party provider.
the data collected in thisway is anonymous to us, i.
e.
we do not see the personal data of individual users.
add this.
addthis enables a site visitor to share pages of our sites on different social media platforms.
more info.
add this privacy policy.
add this opt out.
facebook pixel.
the facebook pixel allows user behaviour to be tracked after they have been redirected to theprovider’s website by clicking on a facebook ad.
this enables us to measure the effectiveness offacebook ads for statistical and market research purposes.
more info.
facebook pixel privacy policy.
facebook pixel opt out.
linkedin partner.
we use linkedin’s api to integrate sponsored content campaign management functionality into our admanagement platforms.
for more information click here.
more info.
linkedin insight.
the linkedin insight tag enables the collection of site visitors’ metadata.
formore info.
linkedin privacy policy.
linkedin cookie policy.
linkedin opt out.
mixpanel.
mixpanel allows us to interpret the behaviour of site visitors so we can improve their userexperience on the sites and better understand visitors’ needs.
mixpanel privacy policy.
mixpanel opt out.
hubspot.
karamba uses hubspot for marketing and crm tracking.
hubspot’s tracking code sets the followingcookies that you canread more about here.
hubspot privacy policy.
google analytics.
karamba uses cookies from google analytics to track traffic on the site.
we use reports provided bygoogle analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage.
google analytics does notidentify individual users or associate your ip address with any other data held by google.
further information on how google uses information collected through google analyticscan be found here.
google analytics opt out.
sendgrid.
through sendgrid, we use pixel tags to track and improve the effectiveness of our marketing emails.
for example, we may use such technologies to identify if you read a marketing or update we sent toyou.
you can reviewsendgrid services policy here.
how to control cookies.
instead of choosing to opt out of individual cookies over the links provided above, you can controland/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see aboutcookies.
org.
you can delete all cookiesthat are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed.
you can review your internet browser settings, typically under the sections “help” or “internetoptions,” to exercise choices you have for certain cookies.
if you disable or delete certaincookies, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site andsome services and functionalities may not work.
to learn more about the use of cookies specifically for google analytics and to exercise choiceregarding such cookies, please visit .
want to learn more.
home.
products.
services.
industries.
news.
company.
contact.
white papers.
privacy policy.
israel.
24 hanagar streethod hasharon45277-13tel.
+972 9 88 66 113.
usa.
41000 woodward avebuilding east, suite 350bloomfield hills, mi 48304tel.
+1 248-574-5171.
germany.
wasserburgerlandstr.
264, munich81827tel.
+49 172 3991 036.
