unity code body soufflé.
the chakra collection.
samples.
gift sets.
gift card.
account.
your cart is empty.
for corporate gifting * wholesale *  customization * please inquire on our contact us page.
homehome.
best sellersbody butter  precious sudan gift duo lotus nut gift duo le coconut gift duo lavender cami gift duo lotus nut gift trio  love your body care bundle by keba custom fragrance formulation.
body butter.
precious sudan gift duo.
lotus nut gift duo.
le coconut gift duo.
lavender cami gift duo.
lotus nut gift trio.
love your body care bundle.
by keba custom fragrance formulation.
connectcorporate gifting wholesale affiliate program scented nfts blends by keba custom fragrances contact us/ faq the blog spot about us press legal scentonomy wellness.
corporate gifting.
wholesale.
affiliate program.
scented nfts.
blends by keba custom fragrances.
contact us/ faq.
the blog spot.
about us.
press.
legal.
scentonomy wellness.
scent quizscent quiz.
fragrancescitrus floral fresh clean + green spice wood musk watery fruit  almost unscented chateau citruese georgia tea green tea lavender cami le coconut lotus nut powder precious sudan unity code  the chakra collection white silke.
citrus.
floral.
fresh clean + green.
spice wood musk.
watery fruit.
almost unscented.
chateau.
citruese.
georgia tea.
green tea.
lavender cami.
le coconut.
lotus nut.
powder.
precious sudan.
unity code.
the chakra collection.
white silke.
shop allnew releases unity code body souffléthe chakra collectionbundles + gifts.
new releases unity code body souffléthe chakra collection.
unity code body soufflé.
the chakra collection.
bundles + gifts.
body carebath salt scrub body butters body lotions perfume body oil organic cologne unity code edp the chakra collection bundles samplesgift setsgift card.
bath salt scrub.
body butters.
body lotions.
perfume body oil.
organic cologne.
unity code edp.
the chakra collection.
bundles samplesgift setsgift card.
samples.
gift sets.
gift card.
for menmen’s bath salt scrub men’s body butter men’s body lotion men’s roll-on oil men’s travel cologne unity code edp.
men’s bath salt scrub.
men’s body butter.
men’s body lotion.
men’s roll-on oil.
men’s travel cologne.
unity code edp.
strands + handshair nails.
hair.
nails.
privacy policy / terms of service.
privacy statement.
----.
section 1 - what do we do with your information.
when you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
when you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (ip) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
email marketing (if applicable).
with your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
section 2 - consent.
how do you get my consent.
when you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
if we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
how do i withdraw my consent.
if after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at or mailing us at.
butterbykeba.
com 870 saint nicholas avenue new york new york us 10032.
section 3 - disclosure.
we may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our terms of service.
sms/mms mobile message marketing program terms and conditions.
butterbykeba.
com (hereinafter, “we,” “us,” “our”) is offering a mobile messaging program (the “program”), which you agree to use and participate in subject to these mobile messaging terms and conditions and privacy policy (the “agreement”).
by opting in to or participating in any of our programs, you accept and agree to these terms and conditions, including, without limitation, your agreement to resolve any disputes with us through binding, individual-only arbitration, as detailed in the “dispute resolution” section below.
this agreement is limited to the program and is not intended to modify other terms and conditions or privacy policy that may govern the relationship between you and us in other contexts.
user opt in.
the program allows users to receive sms/mms mobile messages by affirmatively opting into the program, such as through online or application-based enrollment forms.
regardless of the opt-in method you utilized to join the program, you agree that this agreement applies to your participation in the program.
by participating in the program, you agree to receive autodialed or prerecorded marketing mobile messages at the phone number associated with your opt-in, and you understand that consent is not required to make any purchase from us.
while you consent to receive messages sent using an autodialer, the foregoing shall not be interpreted to suggest or imply that any or all of our mobile messages are sent using an automatic telephone dialing system (“atds” or “autodialer”).
message and data rates may apply.
user opt out.
if you do not wish to continue participating in the program or no longer agree to this agreement, you agree to reply stop, end, cancel, unsubscribe, or quit to any mobile message from us in order to opt out of the program.
you may receive an additional mobile message confirming your decision to opt out.
you understand and agree that the foregoing options are the only reasonable methods of opting out.
you also understand and agree that any other method of opting out, including, but not limited to, texting words other than those set forth above or verbally requesting one of our employees to remove you from our list, is not a reasonable means of opting out.
duty to notify and indemnify.
if at any time you intend to stop using the mobile telephone number that has been used to subscribe to the program, including canceling your service plan or selling or transferring the phone number to another party, you agree that you will complete the user opt out process set forth above prior to ending your use of the mobile telephone number.
you understand and agree that your agreement to do so is a material part of these terms and conditions.
you further agree that, if you discontinue the use of your mobile telephone number without notifying us of such change, you agree that you will be responsible for all costs (including attorneys’ fees) and liabilities incurred by us, or any party that assists in the delivery of the mobile messages, as a result of claims brought by individual(s) who are later assigned that mobile telephone number.
this duty and agreement shall survive any cancellation or termination of your agreement to participate in any of our programs.
you agree that you shall indemnify, defend, and hold us harmless from any claim or liability resulting from your failure to notify us of a change in the information you have provided, including any claim or liability under the telephone consumer protection act, 47 u.
s.
c.
§ 227, et seq.
, or similar state and federal laws, and any regulations promulgated thereunder resulting from us attempting to contact you at the mobile telephone number you provided.
program description.
without limiting the scope of the program, users that opt into the program can expect to receive messages concerning the marketing and sale of digital and physical products, services, and events.
cost and frequency.
message and data rates may apply.
the program involves recurring mobile messages, and additional mobile messages may be sent periodically based on your interaction with us.
support instructions.
for support regarding the program, text “help” to the number you received messages from or email us at please note that the use of this email address is not an acceptable method of opting out of the program.
opt outs must be submitted in accordance with the procedures set forth above.
mms disclosure.
the program will send sms tms (terminating messages) if your mobile device does not support mms messaging.
our disclaimer of warranty.
the program is offered on an "as-is" basis and may not be available in all areas at all times and may not continue to work in the event of product, software, coverage or other changes made by your wireless carrier.
we will not be liable for any delays or failures in the receipt of any mobile messages connected with this program.
delivery of mobile messages is subject to effective transmission from your wireless service provider/network operator and is outside of our control.
t-mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered mobile messages.
participant requirements.
you must have a wireless device of your own, capable of two-way messaging, be using a participating wireless carrier, and be a wireless service subscriber with text messaging service.
not all cellular phone providers carry the necessary service to participate.
check your phone capabilities for specific text messaging instructions.
age restriction.
you may not use of engage with the platform if you are under thirteen (13) years of age.
if you use or engage with the platform and are between the ages of thirteen (13) and eighteen (18) years of age, you must have your parent’s or legal guardian’s permission to do so.
by using or engaging with the platform, you acknowledge and agree that you are not under the age of thirteen (13) years, are between the ages of thirteen (13) and eighteen (18) and have your parent’s or legal guardian’s permission to use or engage with the platform, or are of adult age in your jurisdiction.
by using or engaging with the platform, you also acknowledge and agree that you are permitted by your jurisdiction’s applicable law to use and/or engage with the platform.
prohibited content.
you acknowledge and agree to not send any prohibited content over the platform.
prohibited content includes.
any fraudulent, libelous, defamatory, scandalous, threatening, harassing, or stalking activity.
objectionable content, including profanity, obscenity, lasciviousness, violence, bigotry, hatred, and discrimination on the basis of race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age.
pirated computer programs, viruses, worms, trojan horses, or other harmful code.
any product, service, or promotion that is unlawful where such product, service, or promotion thereof is received.
any content that implicates and/or references personal health information that is protected by the health insurance portability and accountability act (“hipaa”) or the health information technology for economic and clinical health act (“hitec” act).
and.
any other content that is prohibited by applicable law in the jurisdiction from which the message is sent.
dispute resolution.
in the event that there is a dispute, claim, or controversy between you and us, or between you and stodge, llc d/b/a postscript or any other third-party service provider acting on our behalf to transmit the mobile messages within the scope of the program, arising out of or relating to federal or state statutory claims, common law claims, this agreement, or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof, including the determination of the scope or applicability of this agreement to arbitrate, such dispute, claim, or controversy will be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, determined by arbitration in new york, new york before one arbitrator.
the parties agree to submit the dispute to binding arbitration in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”) then in effect.
except as otherwise provided herein, the arbitrator shall apply the substantive laws of the federal judicial circuit in which butterbykeba.
com’s principle place of business is located, without regard to its conflict of laws rules.
within ten (10) calendar days after the arbitration demand is served upon a party, the parties must jointly select an arbitrator with at least five years’ experience in that capacity and who has knowledge of and experience with the subject matter of the dispute.
if the parties do not agree on an arbitrator within ten (10) calendar days, a party may petition the aaa to appoint an arbitrator, who must satisfy the same experience requirement.
in the event of a dispute, the arbitrator shall decide the enforceability and interpretation of this arbitration agreement in accordance with the federal arbitration act (“faa”).
the parties also agree that the aaa’s rules governing emergency measures of protection shall apply in lieu of seeking emergency injunctive relief from a court.
the decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding, and no party shall have rights of appeal except for those provided in section 10 of the faa.
each party shall bear its share of the fees paid for the arbitrator and the administration of the arbitration.
however, the arbitrator shall have the power to order one party to pay all or any portion of such fees as part of a well-reasoned decision.
the parties agree that the arbitrator shall have the authority to award attorneys’ fees only to the extent expressly authorized by statute or contract.
the arbitrator shall have no authority to award punitive damages and each party hereby waives any right to seek or recover punitive damages with respect to any dispute resolved by arbitration.
the parties agree to arbitrate solely on an individual basis, and this agreement does not permit class arbitration or any claims brought as a plaintiff or class member in any class or representative arbitration proceeding.
except as may be required by law, neither a party nor the arbitrator may disclose the existence, content, or results of any arbitration without the prior written consent of both parties, unless to protect or pursue a legal right.
if any term or provision of this section is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this section or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction.
if for any reason a dispute proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, the parties hereby waive any right to a jury trial.
this arbitration provision shall survive any cancellation or termination of your agreement to participate in any of our programs.
miscellaneous.
you warrant and represent to us that you have all necessary rights, power, and authority to agree to these terms and perform your obligations hereunder, and nothing contained in this agreement or in the performance of such obligations will place you in breach of any other contract or obligation.
the failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein will not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder.
if any provision of this agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
any new features, changes, updates or improvements of the program shall be subject to this agreement unless explicitly stated otherwise in writing.
we reserve the right to change this agreement from time to time.
any updates to this agreement shall be communicated to you.
you acknowledge your responsibility to review this agreement from time to time and to be aware of any such changes.
by continuing to participate in the program after any such changes, you accept this agreement, as modified.
section 4 - shopify.
our store is hosted on shopify inc.
they provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
your data is stored through shopify’s data storage, databases and the general shopify application.
they store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
payment.
if you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then shopify stores your credit card data.
it is encrypted through the payment card industry data security standard (pci-dss).
your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction.
after that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
all direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by pci-dss as managed by the pci security standards council, which is a joint effort of brands like visa, mastercard, american express and discover.
pci-dss requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
for more insight, you may also want to read shopify’s terms of service ( or privacy statement (.
section 5 - third-party services.
in general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
however, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
for these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
in particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us.
so if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
as an example, if you are located in canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the united states, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under united states legislation, including the patriot act.
once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this privacy policy or our website’s terms of service.
links when you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site.
we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
section 6 - security.
to protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
if you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (ssl) and stored with a aes-256 encryption.
although no method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all pci-dss requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
section 7 - cookies.
here is a list of cookies that we use.
we’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.
_session_id, unique token, sessional, allows shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).
_shopify_visit, no data held, persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits _shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.
cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, stores information about the contents of your cart.
_secure_session_id, unique token, sessional storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite if the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.
section 8 - age of consent.
by using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
section 9 - changes to this privacy policy.
we reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently.
changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website.
if we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
if our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
questions and contact information.
if you would like to.
access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our privacy compliance officer at or by mail at butterbykeba.
com [re.
privacy compliance officer] 870 saint nicholas avenue new york new york us 10032.
----.
terms of service.
overview.
this website is operated by butterbykeba.
com.
throughout the site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to butterbykeba.
com.
butterbykeba.
com offers this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.
by visiting our site and/ or purchasing something from us, you engage in our “service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“terms of service”, “terms”), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink.
these terms of service apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/ or contributors of content.
please read these terms of service carefully before accessing or using our website.
by accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these terms of service.
if you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any services.
if these terms of service are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms of service.
any new features or tools which are added to the current store shall also be subject to the terms of service.
you can review the most current version of the terms of service at any time on this page.
we reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these terms of service by posting updates and/or changes to our website.
it is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes.
your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
our store is hosted on shopify inc.
they provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
section 1 - online store terms.
by agreeing to these terms of service, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
you may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
you must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature.
a breach or violation of any of the terms will result in an immediate termination of your services.
section 2 - general conditions.
we reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
you understand that your content (not including credit card information), may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks.
and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over networks.
you agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the service, use of the service, or access to the service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us.
the headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these terms.
section 3 - accuracy, completeness and timeliness of information.
we are not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current.
the material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information.
any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk.
this site may contain certain historical information.
historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only.
we reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site.
you agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.
section 4 - modifications to the service and prices.
prices for our products are subject to change without notice.
we reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time.
we shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the service.
section 5 - products or services (if applicable).
certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website.
these products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our return policy.
we have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products that appear at the store.
we cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
we reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction.
we may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis.
we reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer.
all descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at anytime without notice, at the sole discretion of us.
we reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time.
any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited.
we do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the service will be corrected.
section 6 - accuracy of billing and account information.
we reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us.
we may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order.
these restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address.
in the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made.
we reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors.
you agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our store.
you agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.
for more detail, please review our returns policy.
section 7 - optional tools.
we may provide you with access to third-party tools over which we neither monitor nor have any control nor input.
you acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools ”as is” and “as available” without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind and without any endorsement.
we shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party tools.
any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider(s).
we may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the website (including, the release of new tools and resources).
such new features and/or services shall also be subject to these terms of service.
section 8 - third-party links.
certain content, products and services available via our service may include materials from third-parties.
third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us.
we are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties.
we are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites.
please review carefully the third-party's policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction.
complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third-party.
section 9 - user comments, feedback and other submissions.
if, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, 'comments'), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us.
we are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence.
(2) to pay compensation for any comments.
or (3) to respond to any comments.
we may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these terms of service.
you agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right.
you further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the service or any related website.
you may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments.
you are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy.
we take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.
section 10 - personal information.
your submission of personal information through the store is governed by our privacy policy.
to view our privacy policy.
section 11 - errors, inaccuracies and omissions.
occasionally there may be information on our site or in the service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times and availability.
we reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).
we undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law.
no specified update or refresh date applied in the service or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the service or on any related website has been modified or updated.
section 12 - prohibited uses.
in addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the terms of service, you are prohibited from using the site or its content.
(a) for any unlawful purpose.
(b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts.
(c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances.
(d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others.
(e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability.
(f) to submit false or misleading information.
(g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the service or of any related website, other websites, or the internet.
(h) to collect or track the personal information of others.
(i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape.
(j) for any obscene or immoral purpose.
or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the service or any related website, other websites, or the internet.
we reserve the right to terminate your use of the service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
section 13 - disclaimer of warranties.
limitation of liability.
we do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.
we do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable.
you agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you.
you expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk.
the service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided 'as is' and 'as available' for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.
in no case shall butterbykeba.
com, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility.
because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
section 14 - indemnification.
you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless butterbykeba.
com and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these terms of service or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.
section 15 - severability.
in the event that any provision of these terms of service is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these terms of service, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.
section 16 - termination.
the obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes.
these terms of service are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us.
you may terminate these terms of service at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our services, or when you cease using our site.
if in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these terms of service, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination.
and/or accordingly may deny you access to our services (or any part thereof).
section 17 - entire agreement.
the failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these terms of service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
these terms of service and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to the service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the terms of service).
any ambiguities in the interpretation of these terms of service shall not be construed against the drafting party.
section 18 - governing law.
these terms of service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of new york state and the republic of the united states of america.
section 19 - changes to terms of service.
you can review the most current version of the terms of service at any time at this page.
we reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these terms of service by posting updates and changes to our website.
it is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes.
your continued use of or access to our website or the service following the posting of any changes to these terms of service constitutes acceptance of those changes.
section 20 - contact information.
questions about the terms of service should be sent to us at .
covid- our commitment to safety.
the outbreak of coronavirus (covid-19) affects us all, and clear communication is essential in a time of uncertainty and fear.
at  butter by keba  our community always comes first, and we are committed to the health, safety, and well-being of all our customers  and our team.
we continue to facilitate our hygienic cleansing and sanitizing systems for our production and shipping studio and small team.
these include but are not limited to.
•    wearing sterile head coverings, masks, gloves, disposable  booties and gowns.
in addition to  hand washing before and after entering the work space hand sanitizer is kept at every production station.
•    we encourage our team members to work from home and only come in during production days if they are in optimal health.
the great thing about operating a small production facility is that it is easier to take additional safety measures quickly because we have fewer employees to manage.
it allows me to isolate our work flow to fewer hands which mitigates risks.
lastly, some of you may have noticed the scarcity of certain hygiene and sanitizing products such as alcohol and hand sanitizer.
we are currently in production of a hand sanitizing solution formulation that includes a comprehensive anti-microbial, anti-bacterial, anti-viral essential oil blend.
we expect to begin shipping this  product within the next 5 business days.
please stay tuned.
we pray for your wellbeing and safety during these uncertain times and appreciate the opportunity to continue to serve you with great products.
----.
select product type.
scentonomy custom aromatherapy.
about the shop.
with more than 10 years of experience butter by keba, nyc, offers quality handcrafted and unique aromatic personal care products and moisturizing fragrances  for the fast paced modern individual.
we take pride in having been noticed and complimented by nbc lifestyle journalists, world known celebrities, health & beauty publications and national bloggers.
our unique line of products are carefully formulated using a blend of natural ingredients, essential oils and phthalate-free fragrances to appeal to every nose.
support and help.
privacy policy / terms of use.
contact us/faq.
reviews.
rewards.
exchange/return policy.
shipping policy.
do not sell my personal information.
newsletter.
subscribe to receive updates, access to exclusive deals, and more.
amazon.
american express.
apple pay.
diners club.
facebook pay.
giropay.
google pay.
jcb.
maestro.
mastercard.
paypal.
paysafecard.
shop pay.
venmo.
visa.
