servicesexperience engineering, product & designexperience engineering, product & design experience engineering product strategy product design tech advisory and consulting product engineeringproduct engineering digital application development application transformation product operations cloud api driven development diginextdiginext blockchain iot automation data engineering and aidata engineering and ai data engineering ai & ml data visualization & analytics agile enterpriseagile enterprise sap applications enterprise modernization infrastructure managed services.
experience engineering, product & design.
experience engineering, product & design.
experience engineering.
product strategy.
product design.
tech advisory and consulting.
product engineering.
product engineering.
digital application development.
application transformation.
product operations.
cloud.
api driven development.
diginext.
diginext.
blockchain.
iot.
automation.
data engineering and ai.
data engineering and ai.
data engineering.
ai & ml.
data visualization & analytics.
agile enterprise.
agile enterprise.
sap applications.
enterprise modernization.
infrastructure managed services.
technologiestechnologiestechnologies api management apigee mulesoft software ag back end cloud cms devops enterprise automation automation anywhere workato front end hybrid integration jitterbit mulesoft software ag ibm mobility sap stacks  software aglearn more iotlearn more.
technologies.
technologies.
api management apigee mulesoft software ag.
apigee.
mulesoft.
software ag.
back end.
cloud.
cms.
devops.
enterprise automation automation anywhere workato.
automation anywhere.
workato.
front end.
hybrid integration jitterbit mulesoft software ag.
jitterbit.
mulesoft.
software ag.
ibm.
mobility.
sap.
stacks.
software ag.
iot.
platforms & productsplatforms & productsplatforms & products kellton4media klgame optima thrive  optimalearn more.
platforms & products.
platforms & products.
kellton4media.
klgame.
optima.
thrive.
optima.
industriesindustriesindustries banking and financial services chemicals distribution education energy & utilites healthcare independent software vendor insurance manufacturing non profits oil and gas retail & e-commerce travel tourism & hospitality  retail and e-commercelearn more travel, tourism and hospitalitylearn more.
industries.
industries.
banking and financial services.
chemicals.
distribution.
education.
energy & utilites.
healthcare.
independent software vendor.
insurance.
manufacturing.
non profits.
oil and gas.
retail & e-commerce.
travel tourism & hospitality.
retail and e-commerce.
travel, tourism and hospitality.
insightsinsightsinsights blogs brochures success stories infographics news / announcements videos webinars whitepapers  videoswatch more latest blogslearn more.
insights.
insights.
blogs.
brochures.
success stories.
infographics.
news / announcements.
videos.
webinars.
whitepapers.
videos.
latest blogs.
aboutaboutabout about us careers contact us core principles event calendar investors our history our leadership our partners our vision testimonials  testimonialslearn more contact uslearn more.
about.
about.
about us.
careers.
contact us.
core principles.
event calendar.
investors.
our history.
our leadership.
our partners.
our vision.
testimonials.
testimonials.
contact us.
privacy policy.
last modified.
may 21, 2018 kellton tech and its affiliates are committed to protecting your privacy.
this privacy policy applies to our website ( and governs our data collection, processing, and usage practices.
it also describes your choices on the use, access, and correction of your personal information.
if you do not agree with the data practices described in this privacy policy, you are not entitled to use the websites or the subscription service.
we update this privacy policy regularly.
all policy updates are posted on this page and if the changes are significant, we will intimate you through an email.
while we notify you of any significant changes to this privacy policy, we encourage you to review this privacy policy periodically.
we will also keep older versions of this privacy policy in an archive for your review.
if you have any questions about this privacy policy or our handling of the information you provide us, please write to us at or kellton tech, 1367, road no.
45, nandagiri hills, jubilee hills, hyderabad, telangana 500033.
use of the subscription service.
our online subscription service allows us to create and share marketing mailers and collaterals.
the information added to the subscription service by users while subscribing to the website is stored and managed by our servers.
this information is then used to contact visitors about their interest in the company's services.
kellton tech provides the subscription service to our clients for their own marketing, lead generation, and customer service needs, and we use the same for our business requirements.
we use our own subscription service to build web pages that people can visit to learn more about kellton tech.
information that we collect and manage using the subscription service belongs to us and is used, disclosed, and protected according to this privacy policy.
at the time of your visit to our websitesyou are free to explore the websites without disclosing your personal information.
when you visit the website and complete the subscription or try to download any relevant content as per your need, we request you to provide your personal information.
this helps us improve our services and streamline our marketing, analytics, and site functionality.
personal informationthis refers to any information that you voluntarily submit to us which identifies you personally, including contact information, such as your name, e-mail address, company name, address, phone number, and other information about yourself or your business.
personal information can also include information about any forms of transactions, both free and paid, that you enter on the websites.
information about you that is available on the internet, such as your facebook, linkedin, twitter, and google accounts.
or publicly available information that we acquire from service providers.
personal information also includes navigational information or information which can directly or indirectly identify an individual.
navigational information refers to the information about your computer such as your ip address, geographical location, browser type, and your visits to the kellton tech website,  based on referral source, length of visit, and pages viewed.
please see the "navigation information" section below.
we do not collect sensitive information from you.
log files    when you view our content, we automatically collect information about your computer hardware and software.
this information can include your ip address, browser type, domain names, internet service provider (isp), the files viewed on our site (e.
g.
, html pages, graphics, etc.
), operating system, clickstream data, access times, and referring website addresses.
this information is used by kellton tech to measure general statistics about the use of the kellton tech website.
we also link website usage statistics to personal information such as name, email address, postal address, and phone number.
information we collect from third-partiesfrom time to time, we may receive personal information about you from third-party sources including publicly available sources such as social media websites and partners through whom we offer co-branded services or engage in combined marketing activities.
information for childrenthe website is not intended for or targeted at children below 16 years of age.
we do not knowingly or unknowingly collect information about children below the mentioned age.
if you believe that we did so, please contact us at .
how we use information we collect.
compliance with our privacy policywe use the information we collect in compliance with this privacy policy.
customers who avail subscription are required to comply with this privacy policy based on the agreement.
we never sell personal information.
we will never disclose or reproduce your personal information to any third party.
use of personal informationin addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may use your personal information to.
•    improve your browsing experience by personalizing the website and enhancing the subscription service•    send information or content owned or distributed by kellton tech which is relevant to you through a post, email, or other means, in addition to marketing communication•    promote the use of our services and share promotional content based on  your preferences•    provide other companies with statistical information without any disclosure of individual or personal information identifiable with a user•    send information to you about imminent updates to our terms of customer service, privacy policy (including the cookie policy), or any other legal agreements•    meet legal requirements.
we may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about an offering that may be of interest to you.
in those cases, we do not share your personal information with the third-party.
if you are a visitor or a user located in the european economic area ("eea"), kellton tech ireland limited acts as the data controller of your personal information.
kellton tech’s tech’s data protection officer can be contacted at .
the legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the specific context for collecting the same.
however, we will normally collect personal information from you only upon your consent to do so, or when it is needed to execute an agreement, or where the processing of the information is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedom.
in certain cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you.
if we seek personal information to comply with a legal obligation or to execute a contract with you, we will communicate with you at a proper time and will intimate you about the mandatory disclosure of your personal information (as well as likely consequences arising from non-availability of the information).
similarly, we will clearly intimate you about our legitimate interests if we collect and use your personal information (or those of any third-party).
use of navigational informationwe use the navigational information to enhance our websites.
we may also use navigational information alone or in combination with your personal information to share personalized information about kellton tech.
customer testimonials and commentswe post customer testimonials and comments on our websites, which may contain personal information.
we secure the consent of our clients through emails prior to posting the testimonial along with their name.
security of your personal informationwe use a number of security measures and procedures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
we store the personal information you share on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment.
all personal information is protected using appropriate physical, technical, and organizational means.
social media featuresour websites are equipped with social media widgets and buttons including ‘like’ and ‘share this’ options in addition to interactive scripts that run on our sites.
these actions may collect your ip address, details of the page you visit and may generate a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
social media buttons and widgets are either hosted by a third-party or directly by our websites.
this privacy policy does not apply to features offered by a third-party.
your use of social media functionality is governed by the privacy policy and other policies of the companies providing them.
external websitesour websites contain links to external websites.
we do not control and are not responsible for, the content or practices of those websites.
our provision of such links does not constitute our endorsement of those websites, their content, their owners, or their practices.
this privacy policy does not apply to the external websites, which are governed by their own privacy policy.
public forumswe offer publicly accessible message boards, blogs, and community forums.
please note that if you directly disclose any information through our public message boards, blogs, or forums, this information may be collected and used by the public.
we could modify or delete any information you have posted on the websites based on your request, as described in "opting out and unsubscribing" policy below.
retention of personal informationthe period for which we retain your personal information depends on the type of information as described below.
after a stipulated time-frame, we will either delete or anonymize your information or possibly secure your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible.
we will delete this information from the servers at an earlier date than the set time-frame if you request so, as described in "to unsubscribe from our communications" below.
we retain personal information shared by you as long as it is needed by an ongoing legitimate business.
for example, as long as it is required to contact you in connection with our services, or as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
if you have chosen to receive marketing communications from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period from the date you last expressed interest in our content, products, or services, based on when you last opened an email from us or ceased using your kellton tech account.
we retain information derived from cookies and other tracking tools for a reasonable period from the date such information was created.
how we share information we collectcorporate eventsif kellton tech (or its subsidiaries) are acquired by another company, whether through a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or otherwise, that company would receive all information gathered by kellton tech through the websites and user subscriptions.
in this event, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership, likely use of your personal information, and possibilities of handling your personal information.
compelled disclosurewe reserve the right to use or disclose your personal information if required by the law or if deemed necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or comply with a law, court order, or legal process.
international transfer of information.
international transfers within kellton tech’s tech’s entitiesto support our global operations, we transfer information to either ireland or the united states and allow access to that information from countries in which entities affiliated with kellton tech operate, for the purposes described in this policy.
this privacy policy shall apply even if we transfer personal information to other countries.
we will take appropriate measures to ensure that your personal information remains secure.
when we share personal information with kellton tech’s tech’s business entities, we ensure compliance with standard contractual data protection clauses.
cookies and similar technologies.
cookieskellton tech and its partners use cookies or similar technologies (such as web beacons) to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
to find out more about how we use cookies on our websites and how to manage your cookie preferences, please refer to our cookie policy.
advertisingour in-house marketing team is responsible for advertising on our website or external sites.
we use cookies and web beacons to collect information about the use of our website and the external sites, to offer targeted advertising based on your interests.
if you do not wish to disclose this information, you may opt-out by writing to us at please note this action does not opt you out completely.
you will continue to receive generic ads.
how to access & control your personal data.
reviewing, correcting, and removing your personal informationyou have the following data protection rights.
•    you can request access, correction, update, or deletion of your personal information•    you can object to processing and portability of your personal information•    if we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time.
withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing of personal information we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted on lawful processing grounds other than consent•    you have the right to register a complaint with a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information•    to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at or kellton tech,1367, road number 45, nandagiri hills, jubilee hills, hyderabad, telangana 500033 india.
we will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your information within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action we have taken.
to unsubscribe from our communications.
you may unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located at the bottom of our e-mails or by updating your communication preferences or by sending us an email at or kellton tech, 1367, road number 45, nandagiri hills, jubilee hills, hyderabad, telangana 500033 india.
customers cannot opt out of transactional emails related to their account or those pertaining to their subscription.
contactkellton tech, 1367, road number 45, nandagiri hills, jubilee hills, hyderabad, telangana 500033 india.
about.
about us.
careers.
contact us.
core principles.
event calendar.
investors.
our history.
our leadership.
our partners.
our vision.
testimonials.
need clarity on our privacy policy.
all you have to do is contact us.
contact us.
request a callback.
request a callback.
call now.
+1844 469 8900 +9124 469 8900  +353.
76.
604.
2716.
live chat.
quick enquiry.
quick enquiry form.
linkedin.
twitter.
facebook.
youtube.
call us here.
north america.
+1.
844.
469.
8900.
asia.
+91.
124.
469.
8900.
europe.
+353.
76.
604.
2716.
email.
.
footer menu left.
services.
technologies.
digital transformation.
platform & products.
insights.
about.
footer menu right.
careers.
contact us.
news.
privacy policy.
newsletter signup.
cookie policy.
newsletter subscription.
i agree to signup to get the latest news, blogs, whitepapers and insights.
by clicking, you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy.
© 2022 kellton tech.
