search.
menu.
home.
productsmenuall productskepserverex back kepserverexdriverssuitesadvanced plug-insfeaturessearch allthingworx kepware edgelinkmasterredundancymasterclientacefuture releasestrainingexplore the new features in kepserverex version 6.
menu.
all products.
kepserverex back kepserverexdriverssuitesadvanced plug-insfeaturessearch all.
back.
kepserverex.
drivers.
suites.
advanced plug-ins.
features.
search all.
thingworx kepware edgelinkmasterredundancymasterclientacefuture releasestraining.
explore the new features in kepserverex version 6.
how to buymenu.
menu.
industriesmenuall industriesmanufacturingpower & utilitiesoil & gasinternet of thingscase studieslearn how hirotec improved shop floor productivity.
menu.
all industries.
manufacturingpower & utilitiesoil & gas.
internet of thingscase studies.
learn how hirotec improved shop floor productivity.
partnersmenuall partnerspreferred distributorssearchauthorized resellerssearchtechnology partnerssystem integrators back system integratorssearchapply to the programdevice partnerslocate a reseller.
menu.
all partners.
preferred distributorssearchauthorized resellerssearchtechnology partners.
system integrators back system integratorssearchapply to the programdevice partners.
back.
system integrators.
search.
apply to the program.
locate a reseller.
supportmenuall supporttechnical supportrenew your supportrelease notesknowledge baselicensingend-of-lifemanualsresource libraryvideoswhitepapersebooksexplore kepware's hands-on opc and product training.
menu.
all support.
technical supportrenew your supportrelease notesknowledge baselicensingend-of-life.
manualsresource libraryvideoswhitepapersebooks.
explore kepware's hands-on opc and product training.
aboutmenuall aboutoverviewcustomer experienceindustrial connectivityenterprise connectivitycareersopen positionsinternshipsnewsroompress releasesaccoladeseventsblogpodcastbrowse recent posts on the kepware blog.
menu.
all about.
overviewcustomer experienceindustrial connectivityenterprise connectivitycareersopen positionsinternships.
newsroompress releasesaccoladeseventsblogpodcast.
browse recent posts on the kepware blog.
my kepware.
contact us.
choose your preferred language.
de-de   deutsch – deutschland.
en-us   english - united states.
ja-jp   日本語 - 日本.
zh-cn   中文 - 中国.
privacy statement.
have questions.
kepware representatives are available monday through friday from 8.
00 am to 5.
00 pm eastern time.
please call +1 888.
kepware or complete the information request form.
kepware privacy statement.
this privacy statement covers all kepware.
com sites.
if users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they should contact kepware through the following channels.
information collection and use.
kepware is the sole owner of the information collected on kepware.
com sites.
kepware collects information from users at several different points on our website.
in order to use certain areas of this website, users must first complete a registration form.
during registration, users are required to give contact information (like name and email address) that we will use to contact them about the services on our site for which they expressed interest.
it is optional for users to provide additional demographic information (like industry and application needs) and unique identifiers, but is encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience.
we request information from users on our order form.
users must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number and expiration date).
this information is used for billing purposes and to fill customers' orders.
if we have trouble processing an order, the information is used for contacting the user.
information collected on our website will be used to improve users' website experiences.
kepware will neither share personal information with anyone outside of kepware nor disclose user information to any third party (except with our exclusive business partners).
kepware stores information collected through cookies, log files, and/or third parties to create user profiles.
this profile stores information on individual users and details their viewing preferences.
this profile is used to tailor users' website experiences and to direct pertinent marketing promotions to them.
we do not share user profiles with other third parties.
kepware uses temporary cookies to provide users customized information while visiting our website.
we do not store cookie files or any other data on your computer.
we use temporary cookies (also known as session variables) to process and validate your registration on login, allowing us to provide you with personalized content like "my account.
" other uses for temporary cookies include keeping track of preferences specified while using kepware's services (such as local zip code).
displaying the most appropriate advertising banners and content based on users' interests and activity on our website.
estimating and reporting our total audience size and traffic.
conducting research to improve our content and services.
and requiring users to re-enter their kepware password after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect them against others accidentally accessing their account contents.
kepware's website currently does not promote any third-party advertising.
like most standard website servers, we use log files including internet protocol (ip) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (isp), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
we use a tracking utility called onestat that uses log files to analyze user movement.
ip addresses are tied to personally-identifiable information to enable our web-based service.
communications from the site.
we send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username.
established members will occasionally receive digital communications on topics like new products, training, resources, surveys, and more.
out of respect for the privacy of our users, we present the option to not receive these types of communications.
please see the opt-in/opt-out section.
on rare occasions, it is necessary to send out a strictly service-related announcement.
for example, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might notify users via email.
generally, users may not opt-out of these communications, but they can deactivate their account.
please note that these communications are not promotional, and are strictly informational.
we communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and respond to issues relating to their account.
we reply via email or phone in accordance with users' wishes.
though we make every effort to preserve users' privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website.
we do not share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers.
this is not linked to any personally identifiable information.
we partner with other third parties, such as verisign (credit card processing) and industrial ecommerce (order processing), to provide specific services.
when users sign up for these particular services, we share names or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services.
these third parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
in the event kepware goes through a business transition (such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets), users' personal information will, in most instances, be a part of the assets transferred.
users will be notified via email along with a prominent notice on our website for 30 days prior to a change of ownership or control of their personal information.
if users' personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection as a result of this business transition, they will be given choice as outlined in our notification of changes section.
users are given the opportunity to opt-out of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for information.
for example, our order form has an opt-out mechanism so users who buy products from us can keep their email address off our lists.
users who no longer wish to receive digital communications may opt-out by replying to an email with "unsubscribe" in the subject line in the email or email us at .
this website contains links to other sites.
please be aware that kepware is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
we encourage our users to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.
this privacy statement only applies to information collected by this website.
from time-to-time, our site requests information from users via surveys or contests.
participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary.
users have a choice to disclose information.
the requested information typically includes contact information (like name and shipping address) and demographic information (like zip code).
contact information will be used (and shared with the contest or survey sponsors if applicable) to notify the winners and award prizes.
anonymous survey information will be used for monitoring purposes or to improve the use and satisfaction of this site.
users' personally identifiable information is not shared with third parties unless users are given prior notice and choice.
though we may use an intermediary to conduct these surveys or contests, they may not use users' personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
this website takes every precaution to protect users' information.
when users submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and offline.
when our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with ssl.
while on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of web browsers becomes locked (as opposed to unlocked or open when users are just surfing).
while we use ssl encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information offline.
all of users' information—not just the sensitive information mentioned above—is restricted.
only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (like order fulfillment) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
furthermore, all employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices.
any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance placed on privacy and what they can do to ensure users' information is protected.
finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment.
in order for this website to properly fulfill its obligation to users, it is necessary for us to supplement the information we receive with information from third-party sources.
in order to enhance users' website experience, we collect information about the purchasing habits of users with similar information to create a personalized user profile.
if users' personally identifiable information (such as zip code, phone, email, or mailing address) changes or they no longer desire our service, they can modify, delete or deactivate it via the registration page or by contacting us directly.
if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places deemed appropriate so users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
we will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
if, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify them via email.
users can then specify whether we are able to use their information in this different manner.
if users have opted out of all communication with the site or have deleted or deactivated their account, they will not be contacted—and their personal information will not be used in this new manner.
if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect the user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our website notifying users of the change.
in some cases, we will post a notice and email users that have opted to receive communications from us to  notify them of the changes in our privacy practices.
if users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at.
email.
+1 888.
kepware (+1 888.
537.
9273)fax.
(207) 775.
1799mail.
p.
o.
box 579, portland, me 04112.
partner portal.
privacy.
ptc.
com.
