legal.
computededicated host (kdh)elastic physical compute (epc)elastic compute (kec)gpu elastic physical compute (gpu)auto scalinggpu elastic computecontainer engine (kce)container instance.
compute.
dedicated host (kdh).
elastic physical compute (epc).
elastic compute (kec).
gpu elastic physical compute (gpu).
auto scaling.
gpu elastic compute.
container engine (kce).
container instance.
cloud monitorcloud monitor.
cloud monitor.
cloud monitor.
compliancecompliance.
compliance.
compliance.
networkingelastic ip (eip)virtual private cloud (vpc)vpn connectionsserver load balancing (slb)peeringbandwidth share.
networking.
elastic ip (eip).
virtual private cloud (vpc).
vpn connections.
server load balancing (slb).
peering.
bandwidth share.
securityweb application firewall (waf)host security (khs)advanced defense (kad)kingsoft cloud security inspectorcertificate management (kcm)key management service.
security.
web application firewall (waf).
host security (khs).
advanced defense (kad).
kingsoft cloud security inspector.
certificate management (kcm).
key management service.
storage&cdnstandard storage service (ks3)file storage (kfs)elastic block storage (ebs)content delivery network (cdn).
storage&cdn.
standard storage service (ks3).
file storage (kfs).
elastic block storage (ebs).
content delivery network (cdn).
data analysismapreduce (kmr)kingsoft cloud log service.
data analysis.
mapreduce (kmr).
kingsoft cloud log service.
account managementaccount managementidentity and access management.
account management.
account management.
identity and access management.
actiontrailactiontrail.
actiontrail.
actiontrail.
databaserediskingsoft cloud relational database service (krds)elasticsearch（kes）.
database.
redis.
kingsoft cloud relational database service (krds).
elasticsearch（kes）.
video servicesmedia cloud transcoderquality of experiencekingsoft cloud live service (kls)kingsoft cloud class.
video services.
media cloud transcoder.
quality of experience.
kingsoft cloud live service (kls).
kingsoft cloud class.
legallegal.
legal.
legal.
agreement of kingsoft cloud service.
agreement of kingsoft cloud service.
liability statement on the access security for information source network.
liability statement on the access security for information source network.
privacy policy.
privacy policy.
cookies policy.
cookies policy.
service level agreement（sla）.
service level agreement（sla）.
kingsoft cloud product terms of service.
kingsoft cloud product terms of service.
kingsoft cloud real-name authentication instructions.
kingsoft cloud real-name authentication instructions.
privacy policy.
last updated：2022-05-06 11.
06.
33.
kingsoft cloud privacy policy.
adhering to the concept of user privacy first and user information security first, kingsoft cloud holdings limited and its subsidiaries, branches, and the aforementioned entities form direct or indirect control or controlled relationships through equity or control agreements affiliated companies (hereinafter referred to as “kingsoft cloud” and “we”) are committed to providing high-quality cloud services to users around the world.
this privacy protection policy aims to explain to you how kingsoft cloud collects, uses, stores, and deletes your personal information when providing services, cloud services or products on this website, and reminds you of your personal information rights.
kingsoft cloud attaches great importance to your privacy, and we will take all measures to protect your privacy and personal information rights.
if you register an account on the kingsoft cloud website ( use the console, or purchase cloud computing products and services, this privacy policy will apply.
in particular, we will formulate targeted privacy policies for specific products or services.
if our services may contain links to third-party websites, applications or services, this policy does not apply to any products, services, websites or content provided by third parties.
if your company and other business entities use our products or services to provide services to your customers, you need to formulate a personal information protection policy that meets the transaction scenario.
kingsoft cloud would like to remind you that before using the products and services provided by kingsoft cloud, please read and understand this “privacy policy” (hereinafter referred to as the “policy”).
this policy catalog.
what personal information do we collect.
what is the purpose of collecting your personal information.
what cookies do we use.
how do we store, share, transfer and disclose your personal information.
how do we protect the security of your personal information.
what kind of personal information rights do you have.
how do we protect the personal information of minors.
how is your information transmitted internationally.
how to update this policy.
how to contact us.
1.
what personal information do we collect.
1.
1 personal information refers to various information related to identified or identifiable natural persons recorded electronically or by other means.
1.
2 when you purchase and use kingsoft cloud’s products and services through the kingsoft cloud website (especially by logging in to the console), we will collect and use your personal information as follows.
(1) registration information.
when you register an account with kingsoft cloud, you need to provide us with your username, mobile phone number, and create a password.
the mobile phone number you submit is used to register, bind your account, receive verification codes (such as retrieving your password), and as contact information you specified to receive related business notifications (such as new product launches, event reminders, service changes, service-related notifications, etc.
) .
after you register, you can choose to continue to improve your information on the console, including but not limited to.
your real name, industry, region, website, detailed address and email.
if you do not register, you can continue to browse the web pages or product introductions of kingsoft cloud publicly displayed, but you will not be able to obtain further services provided by kingsoft cloud.
(2) certification information.
according to the “network security law of the people’s republic of china”, you need to complete real-name authentication before purchasing and using kingsoft cloud products and services.
in the real-name authentication stage, you need to further improve the information including but not limited to your name, identification document information (identity card or passport information), facial information and bank card number information.
we may verify real-name authentication information through services provided by third parties.
currently, we are using baidu real-name authentication api service.
if you do not perform real-name authentication, it will not affect your browsing of kingsoft cloud web pages or product introductions, but you will not be able to purchase kingsoft cloud products and services.
however, if you are from a country or region other than the mainland of the people’s republic of china, you usually only need to provide your email address when registering.
unless you choose to register with your phone number, we will not collect information such as your phone number.
(3) filing service information.
when you use kingsoft cloud’s specific business functions (such as filing services), in order to comply with relevant national regulations and meet the purpose of providing you with the products and services, in addition to the types of information contained in the registration information and real-name authentication information, you also need further provide us with the name, id card, mobile phone number, email address, domain name certificate, record photo, etc.
, including but not limited to the person in charge of your company or website.
if you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to use specific business functions, but it will not affect your use of basic products and services.
(4) log information.
in order to provide you with services and monitor the running status of cloud services, we will collect your id, ip address, browser type, language used, hardware device information, operating system version, network operator information, you information such as the date, time, and duration of access to the service.
(5) customer service information.
when you need to use kingsoft cloud customer service, you need to provide uid, user name or other information that can verify your identity so that we can respond to your service request.
at the same time, you also need to provide your last name and mobile phone number so that we can provide timely feedback on your service request.
we may keep your chat records and order information in order to provide you with the various services you wish to obtain.
when you create a new message recipient, you need to provide the name, email address, and mobile phone number of the message recipient.
(6) operation and support information.
kingsoft cloud will organize operation activities for newly launched services and functions from time to time.
if you participate in related operation activities, we may collect your contact information (such as mobile phone number), contact address and transaction account information through the operation activity interface for your convenience can successfully participate in activities.
if you do not participate in relevant operational activities, you do not need to provide the foregoing information.
(7) payment information.
based on the need to pay for the service, you may need to provide payment information (such as wechat, alipay or bank card information), value-added tax number and tax identification number, depending on the payment method specified in your service agreement with kingsoft cloud.
in order to complete the transaction, we may share your name and bank card number with a third-party bank to complete the collection.
(8) invoice receipt information.
based on the need to send invoices, we may need you to provide information such as the recipient’s name, receiving phone number, region, address, and zip code.
(9) other information.
kingsoft cloud collects other personal information that you authorized to collect or provide during the use of our services.
before kingsoft cloud collects it, we will first seek your consent.
2.
what is the purpose of collecting your personal information.
kingsoft cloud collects your personal information and will use it for the following purposes.
when we want to use the collected information for other purposes not specified in this policy, we will seek your consent and authorization in advance.
(1) provide you with, maintain, and improve products or services.
(2) send you important notices about system security, product or service changes, etc.
(3) activate or verify products or services.
(4) in laws and regulations promote and introduce products to you under the premise of permission.
you have the right to opt-out, please refer to section 6.
10of this privacy policy(5) to provide you with personalized products, services or personalized user experience.
(6) to conduct internal audits, data analysis and research to improve our products and services.
for your rights in automating personal decision-making and user portraits, please refer to section 6.
7 of this privacy policy.
(7) protect the information technology security of our products, services and users.
(8) comply with and implement applicable legal requirements or relevant industry standards.
if the law requires real-name authentication, the collected information including bank card numbers they are only used for real-name authentication purposes, and will not be used for other purposes.
(9) other purposes permitted by you.
if you have doubts about the purpose of data processing, or if you want us to stop one or more of the data usage methods, please contact the customer service team.
3.
what cookies do we use.
3.
1 to ensure the normal operation of the website, we will store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device.
cookies usually contain identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters.
kingsoft cloud can only read the cookies provided by kingsoft cloud.
3.
2 we enable cookies for the same purpose as most websites or internet service providers enable cookies, that is, to improve user experience.
specifically, there are the following purposes.
(1) with the help of cookies, the website can save settings, such as computer or mobile device language, font size and other browsing preferences.
this means that users do not need to reconfigure user preferences every time they visit.
(2) certification.
when you visit the kingsoft cloud website, we will generate a separate id for you to identify you.
if the website does not use cookies with this function, then every time a user opens a web page, the website will treat it as a new visitor.
(3) statistical analysis.
for example, we use cookies to count the number of user visits and to understand the source of your visits.
(4) security.
we use cookies to ensure the safe operation of the website.
3.
3 we will not use cookies for any purpose other than those stated in this policy.
you can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences.
you can clear all cookies saved on your computer, and most web browsers have a function to block cookies.
but if you do this, you need to personally change the user settings every time you visit our website.
to learn more about how to change browser settings, please visit the relevant settings page of the browser you are using.
3.
4 please refer to our cookies policy for more information about our laws and practices regarding the handling of cookies.
4.
how do we store, share, transfer and disclose your personal information.
4.
1 storageduring the retention period stipulated by law or the retention period stipulated in the contract, kingsoft cloud will store personal information about you so that you can use our products and services smoothly.
after the retention period stipulated by law or the contractual retention period ends, we will delete, anonymize or de-identify your personal information.
depending on the scope of your interaction with kingsoft cloud products, your personal information may be stored in countries or regions determined in accordance with the user agreement.
if we transfer your personal information storage location from china to overseas, we will ask for your consent and ensure that we comply with this privacy policy and relevant personal information protection laws.
however, we may need to keep your information or part of your information for a longer period of time under the following circumstances and only for the purposes related to the following circumstances.
(1) based on the need to comply with laws and regulations.
(2) comply with the requirements of court judgments, rulings or other legal procedures.
(3) comply with the requirements of relevant government departments or other competent departments.
(4) we have reason to believe that we need to comply with relevant regulations such as laws and regulations.
(5) purposes reasonably necessary for the implementation of the relevant service agreement or this privacy statement, safeguarding the public interest, handling complaints/disputes, and protecting the personal and property safety or legal rights and interests of our customers, other users or employees of our affiliated companies .
4.
2 sharingwe will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual other than kingsoft cloud, except in the following cases.
(1) sharing with explicit consent.
after obtaining your explicit consent, we will share your personal information with others parties.
(2) we may share your user information with external parties in accordance with laws and regulations, litigation, arbitration and settlement needs, or according to the requirements of administrative and judicial departments in accordance with the law.
(3) sharing with our related parties.
your personal information may be shared with kingsoft cloud’s related companies.
we will only share the personal information necessary to provide the service and are bound by the purpose stated in this privacy policy.
if related parties want to change the purpose of processing personal information, they will again seek your authorization and consent.
if one party controls, jointly controls or exerts significant influence on the other party, and two or more parties are controlled, jointly controlled or significantly influenced by one party, they constitute related parties.
control refers to the power to determine the financial and operating policies of an enterprise and to obtain benefits from the business activities of the enterprise.
joint control refers to the common control of a certain economic activity in accordance with the contract, and it only exists when the investors who share the control right need to unanimously agree on important financial and operating decisions related to the economic activity.
significant influence refers to the power to participate in the decision-making of an enterprise’s financial and operating policies, but not the ability to control or jointly control the formulation of these policies with other parties.
(4) sharing with authorized partners.
only to achieve the purpose stated in this policy, some of our services, such as real-name verification, will be provided by authorized partners.
we will only use your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and clear purposes, and will only provide personal information necessary for the service.
our partners have no right to use the personal information obtained for any other purpose.
for companies, organizations and individuals with whom we share user information, we will sign strict confidentiality clauses and data processing agreements with them, requiring them to process user information in accordance with our instructions, this privacy policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures .
in addition, your personal information will be transmitted to the storage space of the data center through the basic network operator.
our services in china will use china’s basic network operators and data centers located in china.
in this case, these companies (including kingsoft cloud’s affiliates, partners and any other entities) will also comply with our data privacy and security requirements and will not use the personal data received from us for any other purpose.
with the development of business, kingsoft cloud may conduct mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers and other transactions.
we will inform you of the relevant circumstances and continue to protect or require new controllers to continue to protect in accordance with laws and regulations and standards not lower than the requirements of this privacy policy.
your personal information.
4.
3 transferwe will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following cases.
(1) transfer with explicit consent.
after obtaining your explicit consent, we will transfer you to another party personal information.
(2) based on your own request.
(3) when it involves a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, if it involves the transfer of personal information, we will require the third-party company or organization that intends to hold your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy, otherwise we will require the company, the organization re-seeks authorization and consent from you.
for more information about our cross-border transfer policy, please refer to " 8.
how to transfer your personal information internationally.
" in this policy4.
4 information disclosurewe will only disclose your personal information to relevant authorities under the following circumstances.
(1) disclosure based on explicit consent.
with your explicit consent or based on your active choice, we may publicly disclose your user information.
(2) disclosure based on law.
we may publicly disclose your personal information when required by law, legal procedures, litigation, or compulsory government departments.
4.
5 exceptions to authorization and consentin the following situations, sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing your user information does not require your prior authorization and consent.
(1) related to national security.
(2) related to public safety, public health, and public interest.
(3) related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments.
(4) to protect you or other personal life, property and other legal rights and interests but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person.
(5) personal information that you disclose to the public by yourself.
(6) collect personal information from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports , government information disclosure and other channels.
5.
how do we protect the security of your personal information.
5.
1 kingsoft cloud takes your information security very seriously.
we strive to adopt various reasonable technical and management security measures to protect your user information and prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of user information.
without your permission, we will not access any of your business data.
we will use encryption technology to improve the security of user information.
we will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent malicious attacks on user information.
we will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access user information.
and we will hold security and privacy protection training courses strengthen employees’ awareness of the importance of protecting user information.
5.
2 we will take all reasonable and feasible measures to avoid collecting irrelevant personal information as much as possible.
we will only retain your personal information for the period required to achieve the purpose stated in the policy, unless the law provides otherwise or your request requires an extension of the retention period.
based on different scenarios, products and services, the storage period of data may be different.
the standards we use to determine the retention period include.
the time required to retain personal data to complete the business purpose, including the provision of products and services, and maintenance in accordance with legal requirements corresponding transaction and business records to ensure the security of systems, products and services, respond to possible user inquiries or complaints, problem positioning, etc.
whether users agree to a longer retention period.
whether there are special requirements for data retention in laws and contracts, etc.
after the above-mentioned user information retention period is exceeded, we will delete, anonymize or de-identify your personal information.
5.
3 in order to more effectively protect the security of your information, we also hope that you can strengthen your self-protection awareness.
please keep your account and password information properly to avoid leakage of your personal information.
we are only responsible for the extent that kingsoft cloud directly causes your personal information to be leaked.
if our physical, technical or management protection facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering or destruction of information, resulting in your legitimate rights and interests we will bear the corresponding legal responsibility if it is damaged.
5.
4 the internet environment is not 100% secure.
we will try our best to ensure or guarantee the security of any information you send to us.
in the unfortunate event of personal information security incidents (leakage, tampering, loss, etc.
), we will promptly notify you of the following information in accordance with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations.
the types, reasons and reasons for the leakage, tampering, and loss of personal information that have occurred or may occur.
the possible hazards, the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, the suggestions that you can prevent and reduce risks, and the remedial measures for you.
we will promptly inform you about the incident by email, letter, telephone, push notification, etc.
if it is difficult to inform the subject of personal information one by one, we will take a reasonable and effective way to publish an announcement.
at the same time, we will also proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of the supervisory department.
6.
what kind of personal information rights do you have.
kingsoft cloud’s customers come from all over the world, so we will strictly abide by the laws and regulations of the country where the customer is located, and strive to protect the customer’s personal information rights.
for example, we strictly abide by the civil code of the people’s republic of china, the personal information protection law of the people’s republic of laws and regulations such as ccpa.
generally, you will have the following rights.
6.
1 right to disagree or revoke consentas a principle, we will obtain your consent and authorization in advance before collecting information about you.
if you do not agree with the collection of information, or if you think it is necessary to withdraw your consent, we will not continue to collect your personal information.
however, this does not affect the legality of your information collection before you withdraw your consent and authorization.
6.
2 right to accessexcept for exceptions provided by laws and regulations, you can view and copy the personal information or personal information we hold about you by logging in to the  account settings management page type.
if you have difficulty exercising this right, you can also submit applications to us through the contact information provided in this policy.
6.
3 right to rectificationif you find that the personal information you provide is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to update or correct your personal information.
6.
4 right to erasure you have the right to request that we delete the information we have collected about you.
for example.
(1) the processing purpose has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or is no longer necessary to achieve the processing purpose.
(2) kingsoft cloud ceases to provide products or services, or the storage period has expired.
(3) you withdraw your consent.
(4) violation of the law , administrative regulations or the handling of personal information in violation of agreements.
(5) other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
according to our contract with you, it is no longer necessary to save your personal information.
when you cancel your account, we will stop providing you with products or services, and delete, anonymize or de-identify your personal information in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws .
6.
5 right to object to processingyou have the right to ask us to stop processing your personal information or stop sending you marketing information.
6.
6 right to restriction of processingyou have the right to request us to restrict the processing of your personal information under certain circumstances.
for example, you believe that the personal information we keep about you is inaccurate or illegal.
6.
7 rights related to automated individual decision making and profilingwhen we adopt automated personal decision-making technology or user portraits, we will obtain your consent in advance or make an agreement with you in the contract.
if these decisions significantly affect your legal rights, please contact us through the contact information provided in article 10 of this policy.
6.
8 right to portabilitywhere it complies with laws and regulations and requirements of the cyberspace administration of china, if it is technically feasible, you can request the direct transmission of personal information provided by you and collected in accordance with the contract or consent to another authorized data controller.
6.
9 right to complain to a local data protection authorityif you are not satisfied with our response, or our handling of your personal information infringes on your legitimate rights and interests, and after you give us feedback, we cannot provide you with a satisfactory response and if you refuse to improve, you can make a complaint and report to the relevant supervisory agency.
in particular, if you are from the european union, the european economic area, singapore and other countries, and you enjoy the types of rights other than those listed above according to the laws of the country where you are located, you have the right to request the exercise of other related rights.
if you wish to exercise any of the above rights, please send an email to [email protected] to contact us.
6.
10 right to opt-outif you live in california, we will process your personal information in accordance with the california consumer privacy act (ccpa).
we do not sell your personal information.
therefore, we do not provide the option of refusing to sell personal information.
however, we provide you with the right to object or restrict the processing of personal information to ensure your basic rights.
6.
11 right to non-discriminationwe will not discriminate against you when you exercise your rights under the california consumer privacy act (ccpa).
unless the california consumer privacy act (ccpa) has a clear permission requirement, we will not.
refuse to provide you with goods or services.
charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including granting discounts or other concessions, or imposing fines.
provide you with goods or services of different levels or qualities.
imply that you may get goods or services at different prices or rates or receive goods or services of different levels or quality.
if you want to exercise your rights as a data subject, or if you have any questions or questions, please send an email to [email protected] to contact us.
7.
how do we protect the personal information of minors.
7.
1 we mainly provide products and services to companies or adults.
if you are a minor under the age of fourteen, you need to ask your parents or guardians to read this privacy policy carefully, and use our products and services or provide us with information with the consent of your parents or guardians .
7.
2 if the parent or guardian agrees to use our products or services, we will only collect, store, use, share or delete information about minors under fourteen when permitted by laws and regulations, agreeded explicitly by parents or guardians, or is necessary to protect minors.
8.
how to transfer your personal information internationally.
we will not migrate your content from the region you choose without your consent.
this privacy policy only applies to the collection and processing of your personal information.
as far as the user business data you store, process, upload, and distribute through the use of our products and services, we will comply with your specific requirements.
the processing methods and technical safeguard measures agreed in the user agreement.
of course, as a principle, you can specify the area where your uploaded content or business data is stored.
we may back up your content, but the backup will not cause your content to be transferred to other countries or regions.
if we need to transfer personal information overseas due to business needs in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, we will obtain your consent in advance and inform you of the name or name of the overseas recipient, contact information, processing purpose, processing method, and the types of information and the methods and procedures for individuals to exercise their rights under this policy to overseas recipients.
we process the cross-border transfer of your personal information in accordance with international cross-border data transfer rules.
if you are from the european union (eu), european economic area (eea), singapore, russia, the united states and other countries or regions, we will follow the standard contract clauses (scc) established by the european commission or sign a “data processing agreement” to fully protect your personal information security and privacy rights.
if you have a special agreement with us, we will comply with that agreement.
9.
how to update this policy.
9.
1 according to legal amendments or changes in business development, our privacy policy will be updated regularly.
9.
2 we will post any changes to this policy through the company’s official website.
9.
3 for major changes, we will also provide more noticeable notifications (including for certain services, we will send notifications by email to explain the specific changes to the privacy policy).
9.
4 the major changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to.
(1) a major change in our service model.
such as the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, the way in which personal information is used, etc.
(2) our ownership structure, organizational structure, etc.
have undergone major changes.
such as business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers, etc.
caused owner changes.
(3) the main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure have changed.
(4) your right to participate in the processing of personal information and the way in which it is exercised have changed significantly.
(5) when the department responsible for handling personal information security, contact information, and complaint channels change.
(6) when the personal information security impact assessment report shows that there is a high risk.
we strongly recommend that you visit our official website regularly to check the privacy policy.
10.
how to contact us.
if you have any questions or comments on this policy, or have any doubts and questions on exercising your rights under this policy, you can contact us through following ways.
(1) you can raise your feedback through the order system in kingsoft cloud’s console(login  or contact us through customer service telephone (400-1070-808) .
(2) we have set up a dedicated personal information protection team and designated a personal in charge of information protection.
you can contact them at [email protected](3)you can also send a letter to the legal department of kingsoft cloud.
building e, xiaomi campus, no.
33 xierqi middle road, haidian district, beijing, 100085, china.
we will review the issue as soon as possible and respond within 15 days after verifying your user identity.
if we need more time considering the complexity of your request, we will inform you the reason and the additional time (usually 15 days).
if you have any unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our u.
s.
-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at .
update time.
may 5, 2022effective time.
may 5, 2022.
did you find the above information helpful.
what might be the problems.
more suggestions.
please give us your feedback.
submitted.
thank you for your feedback.
