shopshop by typeready to drinkcreamergroundspodsshop allshop by collectionbundle & savevariety packsbest sellersmerchexclusive dealsgood mmmorning.
shop by type.
ready to drink.
creamer.
grounds.
pods.
shop all.
shop by collection.
bundle & save.
variety packs.
best sellers.
merch.
exclusive deals.
good mmmorning.
subscribe & save.
learnour storyreviewsblogfaqs.
our story.
reviews.
blog.
faqs.
find us.
deals.
account.
join the fam and save.
join the fam and save.
shop by type.
ready to drink.
creamer.
grounds.
pods.
shop all.
shop by collection.
bundle & save.
variety packs.
best sellers.
merch.
exclusive deals.
good mmmorning.
learn.
our story.
reviews.
blog.
faqs.
subscribe & save.
deals.
account.
contact us.
super coffee on instagramsuper coffee on facebooksuper coffee on twitter.
super coffee on instagram.
super coffee on facebook.
super coffee on twitter.
privacy policy.
kitu life, inc.
dba super coffee ("company" or "we") respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
this policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website drinksupercoffee.
com (our "website") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
this policy applies to information we collect.
on this website.
in email, text, and other electronic messages sent to or received by you through this website.
when you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.
it does not apply to information collected by.
us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by company or any third party except to the extent this policy is linked to.
or.
any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the website.
please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it.
if you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our website, including our subscription service.
by accessing or using this website and our subscription service, you agree to this privacy policy.
this policy may change from time to time (see changes to our privacy policy).
your continued use of this website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
note for children.
our website is not intended to be used by anyone under the age of 13.
in addition, no one under age 18 may provide any information to or on the website.
we do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under the age of 18.
if you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on this website or on or through any of its features.
if we learn we have collected or received personal information from an individual under the age of 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.
if you believe we might have any information of an individual under 18, please contact us at.
kitu life, inc.
1005 e st elmo rdbuilding 1austin, tx 78745.
california residents under 16 years of age may have additional rights regarding the collection and sale of their personal information.
please see the section on your california privacy rights for more information.
information we collect about you and how we collect it.
we collect several types of information from and about users of our website, including information.
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, payment card information, or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline ("personal information").
that is about you but individually does not identify you.
and/or.
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our website, and usage details.
we collect this information.
directly from you when you provide it to us.
automatically as you navigate through the site.
information collected automatically may include usage details, ip addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
from third parties, for example, our business partners.
information you provide to us.
the information we collect on or through our website may include.
information that you provide by filling in forms on our website.
this includes information provided at the time of registering to use our website, subscribing to our subscription service, or requesting further services.
we may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our website.
records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
details of transactions you carry out through our website and of the fulfillment of your orders.
you may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our website.
your search queries on the website.
information we collect through automatic data collection technologies.
as you navigate through and interact with our website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including.
details of your visits to our website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the website.
information about your computer and internet connection, including your ip address, operating system, and browser type.
we also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking).
you may remove yourself from targeted advertising of companies within the network advertising initiative by opting out at  or of companies participating in the digital advertising alliance program by opting out at  for information on how you can opt-out of behavioral tracking on this website and how we respond to web browser signals and other mechanisms that enable consumers to exercise choice about behavioral tracking.
the information we collect automatically does include personal information, or we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties.
it helps us to improve our website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to.
estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our website according to your individual interests.
speed up your searches.
recognize you when you return to our website.
the technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include.
cookies (or browser cookies).
a cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer.
you may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser.
however, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our website.
unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our website.
flash cookies.
certain features of our website may use local stored objects (or flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our website.
flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
for information about managing your privacy and security settings for flash cookies, see the section on choices about how we use and disclose your information.
web beacons.
pages of our website and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
third-party use of cookies and other tracking technologies.
some content or applications, including advertisements, on the website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers.
these third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website.
the information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services.
they may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
we do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used.
if you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
for information about how you can opt-out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see the section on choices about how we use and disclose your information.
how we use your information.
we use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information.
to present our website and its contents to you.
to provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
to provide you with notices about your account, including expiration and renewal notices.
to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
to notify you about changes to our website or any products or services we offer or provide through it.
to allow you to participate in interactive features on our website.
in any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
for any other purpose with your consent.
we may also use your information to contact you about our own and third parties' goods and services that may be of interest to you.
if you do not want us to use your information in this way, please adjust your user preferences in your account profile.
for more information, see the section on choices about how we use and disclose your information.
we may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers' target audiences.
even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
disclosure of your information.
we may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
we may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy.
to our affiliates.
to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of kitu life, inc.
's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by kitu life, inc.
about our website users is among the assets transferred.
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
with your consent.
we may also disclose your personal information.
to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
to enforce or apply our terms & conditions and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of kitu life, inc.
, our customers, or others.
this includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
choices about how we use and disclose your information.
we strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us.
we have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information.
tracking technologies and advertising.
you can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
if you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
disclosure of your information for third-party advertising.
if you do not want us to share your personal information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional purposes, you can opt out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data.
you can also always opt out by logging into the website and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile or by sending us an email stating your request to .
promotional offers from the company.
if you do not wish to have your email address used by the company to promote our own or third parties' products or services, you can opt out by logging into the website and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes or by sending us an email stating your request to if we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions.
this opt out does not apply to information provided to the company as a result of a product purchase, product service experience, or other transactions.
targeted advertising.
if you do not want us to use information that we collect or that you provide to us to deliver advertisements according to our advertisers' target-audience preferences, you can opt out by logging into the website and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes or by sending us an email stating your request to .
we do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising.
however, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way.
you can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the network advertising initiative ("nai") on the nai's website.
california residents may have additional personal information rights and choices.
please see the section on your california privacy rights for more information.
nevada residents who wish to exercise their sale opt-out rights under nevada’s internet privacy law set forth in revised statutes chapter 603a may submit a request to this designated address.
.
accessing and correcting your information.
you can review and change your personal information by logging into the website and visiting your account profile page.
you may also send us an email at to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that you have provided to us.
we cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account.
we may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
if you delete your user contributions from the website, copies of your user contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other website users.
proper access and use of information provided on the website, including user contributions, is governed by our terms & conditions.
california residents may have additional personal information rights and choices.
please see the section on your california privacy rights for more information.
your california privacy rights.
if you are a california resident, california law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information.
to learn more about your california privacy rights, visit our ccpa privacy notice.
data security.
we have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
the safety and security of your information also depends on you.
where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
we ask you not to share your password with anyone.
unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our website.
any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the website.
changes to our privacy policy.
it is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page.
if we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you.
the date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
you are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
contact information.
to ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at.
1005 e st elmo rdbuilding 1austin, tx 78745.
to register a complaint or concern, please send an email to.
shop.
learn.
support.
emails.
but super.
your cart (0).
you’ve unlocked free shipping.
you’ve unlocked 5% off.
you’ve unlocked 10% off.
add $ to your cart to.
free shipping.
5% off.
10% off.
you may also enjoy.
you've unlocked $5.
88 in super savings.
taxes calculated in checkout.
don't snooze on us.
add some products to your cart.
you may also enjoy.
