en.
de.
fr.
what we offersolutioncase studies.
solution.
case studies.
aboutcompanyculturekonux labscontact.
company.
culture.
konux labs.
contact.
careeropen positionsapplication process.
open positions.
application process.
resourcesblogmedia kithorizon 2020.
blog.
media kit.
horizon 2020.
request a demo.
data privacy notice.
this data protection information informs you about the processing of your personal data that we process in connection with your participation in the online event “konux tech talks for women” (hereinafter.
“event”).
your personal data will be processed in compliance with the applicable data protection regulations.
“personal data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘the data subject’).
a natural person is considered as being identifiable, directly or indirectly, in particular by means of an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or one or more special characteristics expressing the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of this natural person.
1.
name and contact details of the controller and the company data protection officer.
1.
responsible body and data protection officer.
the controller within the meaning of art.
4 no.
7 gdpr is.
konux gmbhflößergasse 281369 munich/ germany.
phone.
+49 89 18955010email.
[email protected]website.
.
the data protection officer of konux is.
robert niedermeierdata business services gmbh & co.
kgnoerdliche muenchner str.
4782031 gruenwald/munich.
email.
[email protected].
you can contact our data protection officer directly at any time with questions about data protection law or your data subject rights.
2.
processing of personal data and purposes of processing.
as part of the event registration process, we collect the following mandatory information.
name, first name ande-mail address.
the mandatory data is processed in order to be able to identify you as a participant in the event, to check the plausibility of the data entered and to reserve the place to participate, as only limited participation is possible.
the data processing is carried out upon your registration and is necessary according to art.
6 para.
1 p.
1 lit.
(f) gdpr for the stated purposes for the participation and implementation of the event.
for the registration and implementation of the event, we use technical service providers by way of contract processing, which processes the data according to our instructions.
the following information is visible to other participants who are not organizers during the conference.
your name and your chat contributions.
we do not record whether you participated attentively in the event (e.
g.
whether you activated windows other than the event window during the event).
the technical service provider is zoom video communications, inc.
(hereinafter “zoom”) which acts as a processor for us.
the data storage takes place at zoom, namely in data centers in the us.
the transfer takes place using a contractual transfer instrument of the eu commission.
zoom collects certain diagnostic and service data in the course of providing the service and uses this data autonomously for its own purposes.
to the extent that zoom processes personal data in connection with its own legitimate business operations, zoom is an independent controller within the meaning of the gdpr for these processing operations.
for details on processing by zoom, please visit .
you may participate in an online event based on zoom without having your own zoom account.
if you use your own zoom account to participate, supplementary data may be processed in accordance with the terms of your zoom account.
your personal data is also transferred to us over the email tool gmail of the service provider google ireland limited, which acts as a processor for us.
the data storage takes place at google, namely in data centers in the eu.
the transfer takes place using a contractual transfer instrument of the eu commission.
we delete the personal data we have collected no later than 7 days after the event has taken place.
3.
transfer of data to third parties.
a transfer of your personal data to third parties does not take place.
4.
rights of the data subject.
insofar as you are the affected person according to art.
4 no.
1 gdpr, you have the following rights regarding the processing of your personal data under the gdpr.
the eu regulation text that these rights are based on can be found here.
right to confirmation and information.
under the preconditions of art.
15 gdpr you have the right to request a confirmation as to whether personal data of you are being processed and at any time, free of charge, to receive information from the controller regarding the personal data stored about you and a copy of these data.
right to rectification.
under the conditions of art.
16 gdpr you have the right to demand the immediate correction of incorrect personal data concerning you.
in addition, you have the right, under consideration of the purposes of the processing, to demand the completion of incomplete personal data, also by means of a supplementary declaration.
right of deletion.
under the preconditions of art.
17 gdpr, you have the right to demand that personal data concerning you be deleted without delay, provided that one of the reasons stated in art.
17 gdpr exists and the processing is not required.
right to restriction of processing.
under the conditions of art.
18 gdpr, you have the right to demand the restriction of processing if one of the conditions set out in art.
18 gdpr exists.
right to data portability.
under the conditions of art.
20 gdpr, you have the right to receive the personal data you have provided us in a structured, common and machine-readable format, and you have the right to transfer this data to another person without hindrance provided that the further requirements of article 20 gdpr are met.
right to revoke consent.
you have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of personal data at any time with future effect.
the revocation should be directed to the above contact details.
right of objection.
under the conditions of art.
21 gdpr you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data.
if the conditions for an effective contradiction exist, we may no longer process them.
right of appeal to a supervisory authority.
without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state of your residence, employment or the place of the alleged infringement, if you believe that the processing of your personal data is violating the requirements of the gdpr.
konux gmbhflößergasse 281369 münchengermany.
[email protected]+49 89 18955010.
what we offer.
career.
company.
download media kit.
© 2022 konux gmbh.
privacy policy.
legal notice.
this site uses cookies.
by continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
okay.
