privacy policy.
privacy policy.
updated january 2022.
note on translation.
this privacy policy statement may have been translated into various languages for the convenience of end users.
while the translation is correct to the best of leviton’s knowledge, leviton is not responsible or liable in the event of an inaccuracy.
english is the controlling language of this privacy policy statement, and any translation has been prepared for you as a courtesy only.
in the event of a conflict between the english-language version of this privacy policy statement and a version that has been translated into another language, the english-language version shall control.
1.
acknowledgement and acceptance of terms.
leviton is committed to protecting your privacy.
this privacy statement sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you or your computer interact with our website ( (“the website”).
by accessing our website, you acknowledge and fully understand the privacy statement and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in this website privacy policy statement.
2.
participating merchant and third-party vendor policies.
related services and offerings with links from this website, including vendor sites, have their own privacy statements that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website.
online merchants and others who participate in the services offered on our website are encouraged to participate in industry privacy initiatives and to take a responsible attitude towards consumer privacy.
however, since we do not have direct control over the policies or practices of participating merchants and other third parties, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those sites.
we recommend and encourage that you always review the privacy policies of merchants and other third parties before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with such parties.
3.
information we collect and how we use it.
for california resident-specific information, please refer to section 10 below.
when you use or connect to the leviton website through your computer or a mobile device, leviton collects certain information from and about its users in a few ways.
directly from our web server logs, from the user, with the aid of cookies, with web beacons, and through the use of website analytics through a third-party service provider.
the type of information that gets collected depends on the section of our site that the user accesses.
a large portion of our website can be accessed by the general public without a need to share any kind of personal information.
in those areas of the site, the information collected may include ip (internet protocol) address, domain name, session length, etc.
this information, of anonymous nature, allows leviton to measure the performance of its website, and come up with possible improvements for it.
leviton may use this type of information, which does not reveal the user identity, in whatever fashion it deems necessary.
visitors to our website can register to create an account, access the website, and download software or informational materials.
when you register for an account or download materials, we will request some personal information such as your name, address, e-mail, telephone number or fax number, location, and other relevant information.
leviton will not resell or share this information with any outside entity unless that’s required in order for us to comply with a law, or a court order, or to protect our vital business interests.
when you purchase products from the leviton website, your complete purchase order is processed by leviton, but your payment information is submitted directly by you to a third-party website for processing of your payment only.
leviton does not collect, store, or see your credit card information.
leviton is committed to protecting your personal information from unauthorized access by having various administrative and technical safeguards in place.
any page run by leviton that asks you for sensitive information is highly secure.
most browsers will show a lock icon in the bottom status bar on secure pages.
look for this icon on any web page that asks for sensitive information.
any other communication you transmit to the website, such as questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, will not be encrypted or otherwise secured or treated confidentially.
furthermore, by sending such transmissions, you grant leviton a license to use such information for any purpose.
web server logs.
when you visit our website, we may track information through web server logs to better administer the site and analyze its usage.
examples of information we may track include but is not limited to your internet protocol address, the type of browser or computer you use, the number of links you click within the website, the geographical location from which you accessed it, the date and time of your visit, the name of your internet service provider, any web pages you linked to our website from, and pages you viewed on the website.
use of cookies.
leviton may use cookies to personalize or enhance your user experience.
a cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server to identify that specific user the next time he or she visits the website.
cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
one of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time.
for example, if you personalize a web page, or navigate within a site, a cookie helps the site to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
hence, this simplifies the process of delivering relevant content and eases site navigation by providing and saving your preferences and login information, as well as providing personalized functionality.
we do not allow other companies to place cookies on our website unless there is a temporary, overriding customer value (such as integrating another site that relies on third-party cookies into the existing website).
modifying cookie settings.
you have the ability to accept or decline some or all cookies via the banner on our website.
you may also manage your cookie preferences on your browser.
your cookie preferences may be modified using the opt-out instructions set forth in this policy.
if you do not accept all cookies, certain personalized services cannot be provided to you, and accordingly, you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the website features (i.
e.
you will be able to browse the site, but will not be able to make a purchase).
use of web beacons or gif files.
this website may contain electronic images known as “web beacons” (also called single-pixel gifs) that allow leviton to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services.
leviton may include web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.
leviton prohibits web beacons from being used to collect or access your personal information.
4.
notice on disclosure of user personal information.
leviton reserves the right to share aggregated site statistics with its affiliates and strategic partners to help enhance its service offerings, but does not sell identifiable personal information to third-party marketing companies.
personal user information collected by or submitted to leviton shall not be disclosed to any third parties without your permission, unless such information.
(i) is to fulfill your service requests.
(ii) is required to be disclosed by law, regulation, legal process, or law enforcement or government regulatory authorities, in which case we shall give you as much advance notice as is reasonably practicable in order to allow you to limit or restrict to such disclosure.
or (iii) is required to be disclosed in order for us to protect our legal rights or defend against liability.
or (iv) in connection with a company reorganization, merger, acquisition, or sale.
5.
opting out.
if you wish, you may choose not to receive emails, newsletters or other communications from the website by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the email communication sent to your registered email account with the website.
6.
accessing and changing personal information.
you can ensure that your personally identifiable information in your web account file is correct and up to date by contacting us at or by filling out the form located at .
7.
internet based data transfer.
given that the internet is a global environment, using the internet to collect and process personal data necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis.
therefore, by browsing this website and communicating electronically with us, you acknowledge and agree to our processing of personal data in this manner.
8.
under the age of 13 policy.
we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
if we learn that we have collected the personal information of a child under 13 without first receiving verifiable parental consent, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
9.
for users residing in or citizens of the eu only.
you have the right to request from leviton information about your personal data processed, erasure of your personal data, and restriction of the processing of your personal data (such as direct marketing).
to make such a request, send an email to and include “gdpr personal data request”, along with the following.
your first and last name, physical address, contact email, the information you are seeking (time frame, subject matter, and any other relevant details), and in what capacity you have interacted with leviton online or fill out the form located at .
10.
your california privacy rights – for users who are california residents.
leviton does not track its customers over time and across third-party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to do not track (dnt) signals, unless required to respond to dnt signals by law.
california civil code section § 1798.
83 permits users of the website who are california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
to make such a request, please send an e-mail to or write to us at.
leviton manufacturing co.
, inc.
, attention.
legal department, 201 n.
service rd.
, melville, ny 11747.
this section of leviton’s privacy policy applies to california residents only, to comply with the requirements of the california consumer privacy act of 2018, as amended (“ccpa”) and the california privacy rights act of 2020 (“cpra”) (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “california privacy laws”).
any terms defined within the california privacy laws have the same meaning when used in this privacy policy.
information we collect.
the website collects information that is reasonably capable of being associated with a particular consumer or household.
specifically, the website has collected the following categories of personal information (“pi”) from its consumers, as defined by the california privacy laws.
category.
examples.
collected by leviton.
sold or disclosed by leviton (subject to the california privacy laws’ exceptions).
a.
identifiers.
a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, passport number, or other similar identifier.
yes.
no.
b.
personal information categories listed in the california customer records statute (cal.
civ.
code § 1798.
80(e)).
a name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
yes.
no.
c.
protected classification characteristics under california or federal law.
age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
yes.
no.
d.
commercial information.
records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
yes.
no.
e.
biometric information.
genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
yes.
no.
f.
internet or other similar network activity.
browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
yes.
no.
g.
geolocation data.
physical location or movements.
yes.
no.
h.
sensory data.
audio, electronic, visual, thermal olfactory, or similar information.
yes.
no.
i.
professional or employment-related information.
current or past job history or performance evaluations.
yes.
no.
j.
non-public education information (per the family educational rights and privacy act (20 u.
s.
c.
§1232g, 34 c.
f.
r.
part 99).
education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
no.
no.
k.
inferences drawn from other personal information.
profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
yes.
no.
pi does not include.
publicly available information from government records.
deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
information excluded from the california privacy laws’ scope, such as other categories of information protected by different laws.
leviton obtains the pi listed above from the following categories of sources.
directly from you.
for example, from forms you complete and submit, from products and services you purchase or register with leviton.
indirectly from you.
for example, from observing your actions on our website, as more fully described in section 3 above.
use of pi.
leviton may use or disclose the pi collected for one or more of the business purposes listed below, subject to your right to opt out of such collection.
if we disclose or sell pi for a business purpose, we require the recipient to both keep that pi confidential and not use it for any purpose other than the specified by leviton.
if a third-party purchaser of your pi wants to resell it, the purchaser is required by law to provide you with explicit notice and an opportunity to opt out of further sales.
the business purposes for collection or disclosure of pi are as follows.
to fulfill the reason you provided the information, to provide you with support, and to respond to your inquiries.
to develop our website and products.
to maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our website, products and services.
to create, maintain, customize, and secure your account.
to process your requests or purchases.
to personalize your website experience, and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our website, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
to respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law or court order.
as described to you when collecting your pi or as otherwise set forth in the cpra.
or,.
to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which pi held by leviton or its affiliates is among the assets transferred.
sharing pi.
leviton may disclose your pi with the following categories of third parties.
service providers and contractors.
updates.
we will not collect additional categories of pi or use the pi we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you with notice.
additionally, we will not keep pi any longer than required by law or needed to complete the purpose for which we collected it.
california consumers’ rights regarding pi.
the cpra provides california residents with specific rights regarding the collection and use of their pi over the past 12 months.
this section describes those rights and explains how to exercise them.
specifically, you have the right to request.
disclosure of the categories of pi leviton has collected about you.
disclosure of the categories of sources from which the pi was collected.
disclosure of leviton’s business/commercial purpose for collecting and disclosing of the pi.
disclosure of the categories of third parties with whom leviton sells or shares the pi.
disclosure of the specific pieces of pi collected about you.
deletion or correction of the pi collected, subject to certain exceptions.
once we receive and confirm your request, we will delete or correct (and direct our service providers or contractors to delete, if applicable) your pi from our records, unless an exception applies.
an exception to your request may apply if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to do the following.
complete the transaction for which we collected the pi, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
debug products to identify and repair errors.
exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
comply with the california electronic communications privacy act (cal.
penal code § 1546 et.
al.
).
engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided your consent.
enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with leviton.
comply with a legal subpoena or court order.
make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
or,.
to provide technical support or troubleshooting related to your account or a leviton product or service.
to opt out of the share or sale of pi, via the methods listed below.
if you are 16 years of age or older, you may direct us to not sell your pi at any time.
once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least 12 months before asking you to reauthorize pi disclosure or sales.
however, you may change your mind and opt back in to pi disclosures or sales at any time by supplying your pi to leviton on its website or by contacting leviton at you do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights.
we will only use the pi provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
to stop or limit the use of sensitive personal information, as defined above.
you may exercise your cpra right to limit sensitive personal information here.
california consumer privacy act (leviton.
com).
however, even once a request has been filed, leviton retains the right to continue using any sensitive personal information necessary to perform the services, or if the information has been anonymized.
to object to automated decision making or to be provided more information about the process and decisions, including but not limited to targeted advertisements.
to not be discriminated against if you exercise your rights under the california privacy laws, meaning that leviton will not deny you goods or services, charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties, provide you a different level or quality of goods or services, suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
however, leviton may offer and you may consent to receive certain financial incentives permitted by the cpra that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels.
any permitted financial incentive leviton offers will reasonably relate to your pi’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects.
you may revoke your consent to participate or receive such financial incentives at any time.
under the age of 16.
leviton’s website is not intended for children under 16 years of age.
no one under age 16 may provide any pi on the website.
we do not knowingly collect pi from children under 16, unless we receive affirmative authorization from either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age.
if you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on this website.
if we learn we have collected or received pi from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.
if you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at .
exercising rights under the california privacy laws.
you can exercise any of the rights listed above by submitting a request to us using one of the three methods listed here.
visiting our opt-out form at .
emailing us at (and put “cpra request” in the subject line, and include with specificity what you are requesting).
or,.
calling leviton’s toll-free number at 1 (877) 797-0879.
responding to your request.
once we receive and confirm your request, we will respond within 45 days of its receipt.
if we require more time (up to 90 days or as otherwise permitted by law), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the date of the receipt of the request.
the response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
for data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your pi that is readily usable and should allow you to transfer the information from one entity to another without difficulty.
who may make a request.
only you, or a designated agent that you authorize to act on your behalf (with proof of authorization), may make a request related to your pi.
you may also make a request on behalf of your minor child.
you may only make a request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period.
the request must.
(i) provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you, or the person on whose behalf you are requesting, are the person about whom we collected pi.
and (ii) describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
we cannot respond to your request or provide you with pi if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the pi relates to you.
making a request does not require you to create an account with us.
we will only use pi provided in a request to verify your identity.
11.
for nevada residents only.
in accordance with nevada law, leviton is providing an opt-out mechanism to nevada residents that permits nevada consumers to opt out of the sale of their personal information.
personal information in nevada is defined as your name, address, email address, phone number, social security number, individual identifiers, and any other information that becomes personally identifiable when combined with an identifier.
you can exercise any of the rights listed above by making a request to us by.
visiting  or,.
emailing us at (and put “nevada opt-out request” in the subject line, and include with specificity what you are requesting).
response to your request.
once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will respond within 60 days of its receipt.
if we require more time (up to 90 days or as otherwise permitted by law), we will inform you of the reason and extension period.
if you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account.
if you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
the response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
12.
changes to this statement.
leviton may periodically update this privacy policy statement.
when we do, we will also revise the “updated” date at the top of this privacy page.
we encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.
your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this privacy statement and any updates.
13.
contact us.
if you have questions regarding the security of our website, our privacy statement, or our information collection and dissemination practices, please contact us at .
leviton manufacturing co.
, inc.
© 2022 all rights reserved.
