libelium catalog 2022.
development.
technical support.
cloud zone.
esp.
iot solutionsagriculturewaterenvironmentcitiesparkingwaste managementindustry.
agriculture.
water.
environment.
cities.
parking.
waste management.
industry.
iot serviceslibelium cloudtrainingconsultancycustomized projectstechnical support.
libelium cloud.
training.
consultancy.
customized projects.
technical support.
iot productswaspmoteplug&sense.
air quality stationmeshliumparkingmeshlium scannermysignals.
waspmote.
plug&sense.
air quality station.
meshlium.
parking.
meshlium scanner.
mysignals.
companycorporatecommitmentteamingwork with us.
corporate.
commitment.
teaming.
work with us.
libelium worldsuccess storiesnewsarticleswhitepapers and reports.
success stories.
news.
articles.
whitepapers and reports.
ecosystem.
cookie policy.
about this cookie policy.
this cookie policy explains what cookies are and how we use them, the types of cookies we use i.
e, the information we collect using cookies and how that information is used, and how to control the cookie preferences.
you can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the cookie declaration on our website.
learn more about who we are, how you can contact us, and how we process personal data in our privacy policy.
your consent applies to the following domains.
libelium.
com.
what are cookies.
cookies are small text files that are used to store small pieces of information.
they are stored on your device when the website is loaded on your browser.
these cookies help us make the website function properly, make it more secure, provide a better user experience, and understand how the website performs and to analyze what works and where it needs improvement.
how do we use cookies.
as most of the online services, our website uses first-party and third-party cookies for several purposes.
first-party cookies.
mostly necessary for the website to function the right way, and they do not collect any of your personally identifiable data.
third-party cookies.
mainly used for understanding how our website performs, how you interact with our website, keeping our services secure, providing advertisements that are relevant to you, and all in all providing you with a better and improved user experience and help speed up your future interactions with our website.
what types of cookies do we use.
neccesary.
they help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website.
they do not collect or store any personal information.
the website cannot function properly without these cookies.
marketing.
these cookies are used to track visitors across websites.
the intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third-party advertisers.
these cookies also help us keep track of the efficiency of these ad campaigns.
analytics.
they help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
these data help us understand and analyze how well the website performs and where it needs improvement.
preferences.
these cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks.
they store your settings and browsing preferences like language preferences so that you have a better and efficient experience on future visits to the website.
how long do cookies last.
it is the cookie duration in the customer’s browser from the initial click.
it depends on the cookie specification, some of them last for specific days, months or years.
on the other hand, others do not have a fixed period.
session.
which allows websites to link your actions during a browser session.
these cookies expire after a browser session so would not be stored longer term.
persistent.
which allows websites to remember your preferences or actions.
these cookies do not expire once the browsing session closes and remain on your device until an expiration date set by the source of the cookie.
list of cookies.
the below list details the cookies used in our website.
third-party cookies.
some of our pages display content from external providers.
to view this content, you first have to accept their specific terms and conditions.
this includes their cookie policies, which we have no control over.
but if you do not view this content, no third-party cookies are installed on your device.
third-party providers on libelium websites.
for further information on how we use cookies, please refer to the table below.
how can you manage cookies.
you can manage/delete cookies as you wish – for details, see aboutcookies.
org.
removing cookies from your device.
you can delete all cookies that are already on your device by clearing the browsing history of your browser.
this will remove all cookies from all websites you have visited.
be aware though that you may also lose some saved information (e.
g.
saved login details, site preferences).
managing site-specific cookies.
for more detailed control over site-specific cookies, check the privacy and cookie settings in your preferred browser.
blocking cookies.
you can set most modern browsers to prevent any cookies being placed on your device, but you may then have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site/page.
and some services and functionalities may not work properly at all (e.
g.
profile logging-in).
iot solutions.
smart agriculture.
smart water.
smart environment.
water management.
smart cities.
smart parking.
smart retail.
industry 4.
0.
smart tourism.
iot services.
iot training.
consultancy.
customized projects.
technical support.
development wiki.
cloud zone.
iot products.
waspmote.
plug & sense.
meshlium.
smart parking.
meshlium scanner.
mysignals.
certifications.
company.
corporate.
commitment.
teaming.
contact.
shop.
services.
the iot marketplace.
libelium catalog 2022.
stay up to date in iot.
sign up and receive the latest, excitest news.
© libelium comunicaciones distribuidas s.
l.
terms and conditions privacy policy cookies.
follow us.
by clicking "accept all", you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
we'll assume you're ok with this.
if you wish, you can manage or change your cookie settings by clicking the cookie settings link.
read more.
about cookiesabout cookiescookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
the law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site.
for all other types of cookies we need your permission.
this site uses different types of cookies.
some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
about cookies.
necessarynecessaryalways active they help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website.
they do not collect or store any personal information.
the website cannot function properly without these cookies.
namedomainpurposeexpirytype _grecaptcha google.
com --- 6 months --- phpsessid  php generic session cookie.
52 years http ac_enable_tracking  used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner.
this cookie is necessary for gdpr-compliance of the website.
1 month --- wpl_user_preference  wp gdpr cookie consent preferences 1 year http ysc youtube.
com youtube session cookie.
52 years http rc.
a google.
com this cookie is used to distinguish between human s an d bots.
this is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website persistent html wc_fragments_ libelium.
com --- persistent http wc_cart_hash_ libelium.
com --- persistent http _ga_# libelium.
com used by google analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit.
2 years http rc.
b google.
com this cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
session http rc.
c google.
com this cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
session http sess# libelium.
com preserves users states across page requests.
1 day http cookieconsent libelium.
com stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain 1 year http t3d libelium.
com this cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation.
the cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings.
persistent html tade libelium.
com this cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation.
the cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings.
persistent html tadu libelium.
com this cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation.
the cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings.
persistent html tae libelium.
com this cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation.
the cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings.
persistent html tc libelium.
com this cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation.
the cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings.
persistent html tmq libelium.
com this cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation.
the cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings.
persistent html tnsapp libelium.
com this cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation.
the cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings.
persistent html tpl libelium.
com this cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation.
the cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings.
persistent html ttde libelium.
com this cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation.
the cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings.
persistent html ttdu libelium.
com this cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation.
the cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings.
persistent html tte libelium.
com this cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation.
the cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings.
persistent html ttf libelium.
com this cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation.
the cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings.
persistent html wc_cart_hash_# libelium.
com used managed products and services bought in the store.
persistent http wc_fragments_# libelium.
com used managed products and services bought in the store.
session http xsrf-token libelium.
com ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery.
this cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor.
1 day http amplitude_id_fef1e872c952688acd962d30aa545b9elibelium.
com amplitude.
com these cookies are used by amplitude for session tracking for analytics purposes.
10 years http ads/ga-audiences google.
com used by google adwords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites.
session http nid google.
com registers a unique id that identifies a returning user's device.
the id is used for targeted ads.
6 months http prism_# prism.
app-us1.
com this cookie is used by active campaign for site tracking purposes 29 days http.
necessary.
marketingmarketing   marketing these cookies are used to track visitors across websites.
the intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third-party advertisers.
these cookies also help us keep track of the efficiency of these ad campaigns.
namedomainpurposeexpirytype prism_649871035 prism.
app-us1.
com this cookie is used by active campaign for site tracking purposes 1 month --- visitor_info1_live youtube.
com youtube cookie.
6 months http test_cookie doubleclick.
net a generic test cookie set by a wide range of web platforms.
used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
session http lang ads.
linkedin.
com set by linkedin when a web page contains an embedded "follow us" panel.
session http __widgetsettings twitter.
com this cookie is set by twitter - the cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their twitter profile.
persistent http bcookie linkedin.
com used by the social networking service, linkedin, for tracking the use of embedded services.
2 years http bscookie linkedin.
com used by the social networking service, linkedin, for tracking the use of embedded services.
2 years http i/jot twitter.
com sets a unique id for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement.
this pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers.
session http images/1x1.
gif public.
slidesharecdn.
com used by the social networking service, linkedin, for tracking the use of embedded services.
session http lidc linkedin.
com used by the social networking service, linkedin, for tracking the use of embedded services.
1 day http lissc linkedin.
com used by the social networking service, linkedin, for tracking the use of embedded services.
1 year http uid scorecardresearch.
com collects information of the user and his/her movement, such as timestamp for visits, most recently loaded pages and ip address.
the data is used by the marketing research network, scorecard research, to analyse traffic patterns and carry out surveys to help their clients better understand the customer's preferences.
2 years http uidr scorecardresearch.
com collects information of the user and his/her movement, such as timestamp for visits, most recently loaded pages and ip address.
the data is used by the marketing research network, scorecard research, to analyse traffic patterns and carry out surveys to help their clients better understand the customer's preferences.
2 years http.
marketing.
analyticsanalytics   analytics they help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
these data help us understand and analyze how well the website performs and where it needs improvement.
namedomainpurposeexpirytype _gcl_au libelium.
com --- 3 months --- _gid libelium.
com google universal analytics short-time unique user tracking identifier.
1 days http _gat_ua-22686813-1 libelium.
com used by google analytics to throttle request rate session --- ide doubleclick.
net google advertising cookie used for user tracking and ad targeting purposes.
2 years http _ga_8nblqqxpp3 libelium.
com --- 2 years --- _ga libelium.
com google universal analytics long-time unique user tracking identifier.
2 years http _uv_id slideshare.
net --- 2 years --- __utmc slideshare.
net legacy google analytics short-term technical cookie used along with __utmb to determine new users sessions.
52 years http __utmz slideshare.
net google analytics campaign and traffic source tracking cookie.
6 months http __utmt slideshare.
net google analytics technical cookie used to throttle request rate.
session http __utmb slideshare.
net google analytics short-term functional cookie used to determine new users and sessions.
session http _gat libelium.
com used by google analytics to throttle request rate 1 day http phpbb3_# libelium.
com --- 1 year http slideshare.
experiments slideshare.
net used by slideshare to determine if the visitor is participating in a design experiment.
persistent http.
analytics.
preferencespreferences   preferences these cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks.
they store your settings and browsing preferences like language preferences so that you have a better and efficient experience on future visits to the website.
namedomainpurposeexpirytype language  a generic language preference functional cookie.
the cookie is used to store user's preferred language for the website to be able to display the preferred translation without user intervention.
in contrast to content language negotiation preference passed by accept-language http header, the cookie setting will only work for this particular website only.
52 years http yt-remote-cast-installed youtube.
com stores the user's video player preferences using embedded youtube video session http yt-remote-connected-devices youtube.
com stores the user's video player preferences using embedded youtube video persistent http yt-remote-device-id youtube.
com stores the user's video player preferences using embedded youtube video persistent http yt-remote-fast-check-period youtube.
com stores the user's video player preferences using embedded youtube video session http yt-remote-session-app youtube.
com stores the user's video player preferences using embedded youtube video session http yt-remote-session-name youtube.
com stores the user's video player preferences using embedded youtube video session http.
preferences.
unclassifiedunclassified   unclassified unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
namedomainpurposeexpirytype __utma slideshare.
net google analytics long-term user and session tracking identifier.
2 years http.
unclassified.
