solutions 						people					employee trackingemergency mustering roll-calllone worker safetypandemic safetysenior living safetyinfant securitypatient flow and safety						objects					forklift collision warningforklift trackingasset trackingyard managementems inventory trackingprocess tracking.
people.
employee tracking.
emergency mustering roll-call.
lone worker safety.
pandemic safety.
senior living safety.
infant security.
patient flow and safety.
objects.
forklift collision warning.
forklift tracking.
asset tracking.
yard management.
ems inventory tracking.
process tracking.
industries 						use cases					manufacturingwarehousingconstructionoil and gashealthcareaviation						can't find your industry.
our capability to provide end-to-end solutions helps us to scale for any industry.
get in touch and learn how litum can create a solution for your industry.
drop us a line.
use cases.
manufacturing.
warehousing.
construction.
oil and gas.
healthcare.
aviation.
can't find your industry.
technology.
blog.
partnership.
about.
rtls solutionsforklift collision warningforklift trackingasset trackingemployee trackinglone worker safetypandemic safetymusteringyard managementinfant securitysenior living safetypatient flow and safetyems inventory tracking.
forklift collision warning.
forklift tracking.
asset tracking.
employee tracking.
lone worker safety.
pandemic safety.
mustering.
yard management.
infant security.
senior living safety.
patient flow and safety.
ems inventory tracking.
industriesmanufacturinghealthcarewarehousingconstructionmining, oil & gasaviation.
manufacturing.
healthcare.
warehousing.
construction.
mining, oil & gas.
aviation.
technology.
blog.
partnership.
about.
get in touch.
privacy policy.
privacy policy.
it is litum’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website.
this privacy policy applies to  (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, or “ we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the website.
we have adopted this privacy policy (“privacy policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties.
this privacy policy applies only to information we collect through the website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
this privacy policy, together with the terms and conditions posted on our website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our website.
depending on your activities when visiting our website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
website visitors.
like most website operators, litum collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request.
litum’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how litum’s visitors use its website.
from time to time, litum may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.
g.
, by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
litum also collects potentially personally-identifying information like internet protocol (ip) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on  blog posts.
litum only discloses logged in user and commenter ip addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
gathering of personally-identifying information.
certain visitors to litum’s websites choose to interact with litum in ways that require litum to gather personally-identifying information.
the amount and type of information that litum gathers depends on the nature of the interaction.
some data requested by our customers, through the use of our services (i.
e.
forms), is personally identifiable information, which may include, but not limited to, your name, telephone numbers, e-mail address, company name, and company information.
this information will be input by you in response to prompts when using our website.
website user.
if filling our forms, you provide to us information which may include, but not limited to, your name, e-mail address, company name and company information, job position.
this information will be input by you in response to prompts when using our websites.
security.
the security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
advertisements.
ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
these cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer.
this information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
this privacy policy covers the use of cookies by litum and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
links to external sites.
our service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us.
if you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site.
we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
we have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
uses google adwords for remarketing.
uses the remarketing services to advertise on third party websites (including google) to previous visitors to our site.
it could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry.
this could be in the form of an advertisement on the google search results page, or a site in the google display network.
third-party vendors, including google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits.
of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and google’s privacy policy.
you can set preferences for how google advertises to you using the google ad preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
aggregated statistics.
litum may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website.
litum may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
however, litum does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
cookies.
to enrich and perfect your online experience, litum uses “cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
a cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns.
litum uses cookies to help litum identify and track visitors, their usage of  and their website access preferences.
litum visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using litum’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of litum’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
by continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to litum’s use of cookies.
privacy policy changes.
although most changes are likely to be minor, litum may change its privacy policy from time to time, and in litum’s sole discretion.
litum encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its privacy policy.
your continued use of this site after any change in this privacy policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
– litum privacy policy.
as data subject you may check your rights and the other details about personal data from our declaration on the law on the protection of personal data.
copyright.
© copyright 2015-2021 litum bilgi teknolojileri san.
ve dış tic.
a.
ş.
izmir, turkey, all rights reserved.
text, visual, sound, animation and video files and designs published on this site are protected in accordance with law no.
5846 and the relevant legislation, and cannot be copied for commercial use or distribution, or used in other web sites by modifying them or copying them in the same way.
no commitmentall information provided by litum is “as is” and without any warranty or commitment, expression or  implication.
all product, price, exchange rate and time information on this web site has been prepared in line with the latest information obtained for publication.
litum reserves the right to change the information at any time and without prior notice.
responsibility for typographical errors is not taken.
although the information was assumed to be correct, it may be possible to contain some errors or mistakes.
litum is not responsible for the content accessed through external links from this website to other sites.
litum is not responsible for the content accessed through external links from this website to other sites.
trademarks.
all logos and brand emblems published on our web site are protected by the provisions of the decree law no.
556 on the protection of trademarks.
unless otherwise stated, they cannot be copied or used.
licencelitum sought to create an innovative and informative website.
however litum must protect intellectual property rights, including patents, trademarks and copyrights.
therefore you are kindly requested to comprehend , that it’s been not authorised to exercise the intellectual and property rights of litum and the third parties.
personal data protection policy.
as litum.
we collect and processs personal data in accordance with the laws of turkey and the european union member states with the principles of protecting the fundamental rights and freedoms, protecting the privacy of private life.
all personal data processing activities are made within the scope of our policy.
these include the processing of personal data and special categories of personal data of customers, employees, suppliers and partners, and any data that our organization collects and processes from any source.
in order to prevent unlawful personal data processing and protect your personal data from any unauthorized access, our organization takes the necessary technical and administrative measures and provide sufficient security level.
we make the neccessary audits with internal or external sources within this scope.
personal data processing is made in compliance with law and honesty for specific, clear and legitimate purposes.
limited with the purpose and in accordance with the principle of proportionality and for a limited and measured manner.
and personal data is kept right.
and up-to-date when necessary.
personal data is retained for the period set forth by law or as required by the purpose of personal data processing.
we make neccessary public declaration and provide information upon request of data subjects.
special categories of personal data is processed in accordance with the regulations and it is not processed without an explicit consent except it is clearly provided by law.
personal data transfer is made in accordance with the regulations by the law.
we maintain our activities to protect personal data with with traceable, measurable and assessable targets.
we create awareness and transfer relevant obligations to the parties within the internal and external issues to protect personal data.
we carry out trainings to develop technical and behavioral competencies in order to raise awareness about the protection of personal data.
we manage the data breach systematically and in case of a personal data breach, the subject is evaluated according to the disciplinary procedure and notify the personal data breach  to authority in terms of the crimes and misdemeanours.
the privacy, integrity and up to dateness of personal data and acces to personal data is monitored constantly through process-based asset inventory and process-based risk assessment.
we commited to implement applicatons for the personal data protection management system, managing systematically, ensuring continuous improvement of the system and allocate resources the system needs.
litum’s information security management system 27001.
2013 policy.
in order to ensure the security of critical information assets of our company, its stakeholders, 3rd parties and to ensure our business continuity.
• maintaining and continuously improving our information security management system, which was established with reference to the iso/iec 27001 standard,• achieving information security goals and supporting principles in accordance with business strategy and objectives,• establishing the necessary structure to determine the objectives and controls, including the risk assessment and risk management structure,• compliance with laws, regulations and contractual requirements, protection of company image,• by creating information security awareness in our employees, reducing the impact of risks and raising awareness of their responsibilities,• determination and implementation of sanctions for information security violation,• defining general and specific responsibilities for information security management,.
we perform the necessary activities for.
for more information please contact us.
.
corporate.
about us.
partnership.
technology.
contact us.
careers.
blog.
rtls for safety.
forklift collision warning.
lone worker safety.
mustering roll-call.
pandemic safety.
senior living safety.
infant security.
rtls for efficiency.
asset tracking.
employee tracking.
forklift tracking.
yard management.
patient flow.
ems inventory tracking.
social.
linkedin.
facebook.
youtube.
twitter.
instagram.
medium.
terms of use.
privacy policy.
information security management policy.
quality policy.
copyright © litum.
privacy overview.
schedule meeting.
contact us.
