globe iconfeaturedglobal presence, local impact  learn how we are strengthening the economies, industries and communities of our global partner nations.
australiaenglish canadaenglish français denmarkenglish danish germanyenglish deutsch indiaenglish israelenglish עברית japanenglish 日本語 latin americaenglish spanish portuguese new zealandenglish polandenglish polski republic of koreaenglish 한국어 saudi arabiaenglish عربى singaporeenglish taiwanenglish united arab emiratesenglish عربى united kingdomenglish united statesenglish  view all global activities.
featuredglobal presence, local impact  learn how we are strengthening the economies, industries and communities of our global partner nations.
featured.
learn how we are strengthening the economies, industries and communities of our global partner nations.
australiaenglish.
australia.
canadaenglish français.
canada.
denmarkenglish danish.
denmark.
germanyenglish deutsch.
germany.
indiaenglish.
india.
israelenglish עברית.
israel.
japanenglish 日本語.
japan.
latin americaenglish spanish portuguese.
latin america.
new zealandenglish.
new zealand.
polandenglish polski.
poland.
republic of koreaenglish 한국어.
republic of korea.
saudi arabiaenglish عربى.
saudi arabia.
singaporeenglish.
singapore.
taiwanenglish.
taiwan.
united arab emiratesenglish عربى.
united arab emirates.
united kingdomenglish.
united kingdom.
united statesenglish.
united states.
search icon.
who we are about us leadership & governance board of directors business areas global activities lockheed martin ventures history meet our people  in the community military and veteran support stem education employee and retiree focused programs  economic and workforce impact  diversity & inclusion equal opportunities programs  sustainability  environment, safety & health   ethics code of conduct  business conduct compliance training  ethics awareness training  integrity minute     suppliers   become a supplier   business area procurement   supplier cybersecurity   supplier diversity   supplier ethics   supplier training.
about us leadership & governance board of directors business areas global activities lockheed martin ventures history meet our people.
leadership & governance.
board of directors.
business areas.
global activities.
lockheed martin ventures.
history.
meet our people.
in the community military and veteran support stem education employee and retiree focused programs.
military and veteran support.
stem education.
employee and retiree focused programs.
economic and workforce impact.
diversity & inclusion equal opportunities programs.
equal opportunities programs.
sustainability.
environment, safety & health.
ethics code of conduct  business conduct compliance training  ethics awareness training  integrity minute.
code of conduct.
business conduct compliance training.
ethics awareness training.
integrity minute.
suppliers   become a supplier   business area procurement   supplier cybersecurity   supplier diversity   supplier ethics   supplier training.
become a supplier.
business area procurement.
supplier cybersecurity.
supplier diversity.
supplier ethics.
supplier training.
what we do featured featured icon 21st century security designed to help the u.
s.
and allies leverage emerging technologies to create a resilient multi-domain network.
advanced technologies autonomy and artificial intelligence directed energy hypersonics  sikorsky  future vertical lift  mission-driven transformation  sustainment and global readiness  capabilities advanced manufacturing aircraft c4isr cyber electronic warfare energy integrated air and missile defense     joint all-domain operations   maritime systems   radar   sensors   space   training and logistics   weapon systems   view all products.
featured featured icon.
21st century security designed to help the u.
s.
and allies leverage emerging technologies to create a resilient multi-domain network.
designed to help the u.
s.
and allies leverage emerging technologies to create a resilient multi-domain network.
advanced technologies autonomy and artificial intelligence directed energy hypersonics.
autonomy and artificial intelligence.
directed energy.
hypersonics.
sikorsky  future vertical lift.
future vertical lift.
mission-driven transformation.
sustainment and global readiness.
capabilities advanced manufacturing aircraft c4isr cyber electronic warfare energy integrated air and missile defense.
advanced manufacturing.
aircraft.
c4isr.
cyber.
electronic warfare.
energy.
integrated air and missile defense.
joint all-domain operations   maritime systems   radar   sensors   space   training and logistics   weapon systems.
joint all-domain operations.
maritime systems.
radar.
sensors.
space.
training and logistics.
weapon systems.
news & events featured featured icon learn about our covid-19 relief efforts taking action to help you protect what matters most newsroom media contacts news releases features speeches and statements annual reports  trade shows  social media  multimedia  find an expert.
featured featured icon.
learn about our covid-19 relief efforts taking action to help you protect what matters most.
taking action to help you protect what matters most.
newsroom media contacts news releases features speeches and statements annual reports.
media contacts.
news releases.
features.
speeches and statements.
annual reports.
trade shows.
social media.
multimedia.
find an expert.
innovation skunk works®  global research and development advanced technology center advanced technology laboratories center for innovation sikorsky innovations stelarlab  alphapilot ai drone innovation challenge  small business innovation research    new age threats require new age defenses we develop laser weapon systems, radio frequency and other directed energy technologies for air, ground and sea platforms to provide an affordable countermeasure alternative.
revolutionizing hypersonic technologies we have invested in developing and demonstrating hypersonic technology for over 30 years.
joint all-domain operations our multi-domain operations/joint all-domain operations solutions provide a complete picture of the battlespace and empowers warfighters to quickly make decisions that drive action.
view all advanced technologies.
skunk works®.
global research and development advanced technology center advanced technology laboratories center for innovation sikorsky innovations stelarlab.
advanced technology center.
advanced technology laboratories.
center for innovation.
sikorsky innovations.
stelarlab.
alphapilot ai drone innovation challenge.
small business innovation research.
new age threats require new age defenses we develop laser weapon systems, radio frequency and other directed energy technologies for air, ground and sea platforms to provide an affordable countermeasure alternative.
we develop laser weapon systems, radio frequency and other directed energy technologies for air, ground and sea platforms to provide an affordable countermeasure alternative.
revolutionizing hypersonic technologies we have invested in developing and demonstrating hypersonic technology for over 30 years.
we have invested in developing and demonstrating hypersonic technology for over 30 years.
joint all-domain operations our multi-domain operations/joint all-domain operations solutions provide a complete picture of the battlespace and empowers warfighters to quickly make decisions that drive action.
our multi-domain operations/joint all-domain operations solutions provide a complete picture of the battlespace and empowers warfighters to quickly make decisions that drive action.
investors.
careers careers home meet our people  get to know lockheed martin working here faqs disability hiring  college students campus events leadership development on-site hiring events  apprenticeships  military meet our relations managers military events partnerships handshake 2 hire lockheed martin heroes    career areas    events    returning job seekers.
students    returning job seekers.
experienced    saved jobs    united states    australia    canada    united kingdom.
careers home meet our people.
meet our people.
get to know lockheed martin working here faqs disability hiring.
working here.
faqs.
disability hiring.
college students campus events leadership development on-site hiring events.
campus events.
leadership development.
on-site hiring events.
apprenticeships.
military meet our relations managers military events partnerships handshake 2 hire lockheed martin heroes.
meet our relations managers.
military events.
partnerships.
handshake 2 hire.
lockheed martin heroes.
career areas.
events.
returning job seekers.
students.
returning job seekers.
experienced.
saved jobs.
united states.
australia.
canada.
united kingdom.
legal disclaimer.
website privacy notice.
disclaimer.
lockheed martin corporation web site user agreement and disclaimers.
please read the following terms and conditions carefully before using this web site or any of our other web sites.
by accessing or using our sites, you agree to the following terms and conditions.
you should review these terms and conditions regularly as they may change at any time at our sole discretion.
if you do not agree to any term or condition, you should not access or otherwise use our sites.
the following terms and conditions apply to all of our web sites, including any web sites owned, operated or sponsored by any of our subsidiaries or affiliates.
"content" refers to any materials, documents, images, graphics, logos, design, audio, video and any other information provided from or on our web sites.
1.
we provide our web site for your convenience only.
our web site is provided to you without charge as a convenience and for your information only.
by merely providing access to our web site content, we do not warrant or represent that.
the content is accurate or complete.
the content is up-to-date or current.
we have a duty to update any content.
the content is free from technical inaccuracies or typographical errors.
the content is free from changes caused by third party.
and.
your access to our web site will be free from interruptions, errors, computer viruses or other harmful components.
we do not assume any liability for these matters.
in other words, you use our web site at your own risk.
under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall we be liable for any direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages.
this includes loss of data or profit arising out of the use or the inability to use the content of this web site, even if one of our representatives has been advised of the possibility of your damages.
if your use of our web site results in your need to service, repair or correct equipment or data, you assume the costs to the extent the law allows.
some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages.
in such jurisdictions, our liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
2.
we provide our web site "as is" and disclaim all warranties.
our web site content is provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, either express or implied.
we disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties and merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
3.
we do not have responsibility for links to third party content.
we may provide hyperlinks or pointers to other web sites maintained by third parties or may provide third party content on our web site by framing or other methods.
the links to third party web sites are provided for your convenience and information only.
the content in any linked web sites is not under our control so we are not responsible for the content, including any further links in a third party site.
if you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to our web site, you do this entirely at your own risk.
it is up to you to take precautions to ensure that the third party you link to for your use is free of computer viruses, worms, trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature.
4.
if we provide a link, we do not necessarily endorse a third party.
we reserve the right to terminate a link to a third party web site at any time.
the fact that we provide a link to a third party web site does not mean that we endorse, authorize or sponsor that web site.
it also does not mean that we are affiliated with the third party web site's owners or sponsors.
5.
if a third party links to our web site, it is not an endorsement.
if a third party links to our web site, it is not necessarily an indication of an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship, affiliation, joint venture or partnership by or with us.
in most cases, we are not aware that a third party has linked to our web site.
a web site that links to our web site.
may link to, but not replicate, our content.
should not create a browser, border environment or frame our content.
should not imply that we are endorsing it or its products.
should not misrepresent its relationship with us.
should not present false information about our products or services.
and.
should not contain content that could be construed as distasteful, offensive or controversial, and should contain only content that is appropriate for all age groups.
6.
if you transmit or provide data to us, it is non-confidential.
we do not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through our web site.
if you transmit to or post on our web site any material, data, information or idea by any means, it will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and may be disseminated or used by us for any purpose.
personal data provided to us will be handled in accordance with our policies regarding privacy.
you are not authorized to post on or transmit to or from our web site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material, or any other content that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the law.
7.
your use of our web site is restricted.
our web site and its content are owned and operated by us.
our web site's content is copyrighted and protected by u.
s.
and worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions.
in addition, our web site content is protected by trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
no content from  or any other web site owned, operated, licensed or controlled by us may be copied, reproduced, republished, modified, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way.
you also may not, without our permission, "mirror" any material contained on our web site on any other server.
the sole exceptions to these restrictions are.
you obtain written permission from us to waive these restrictions.
or.
you may download one copy of the content on a single computer for informational, non-commercial and personal use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices and do not modify, and will not copy or post, the content on any network computer or broadcast in any media.
violation of these restrictions will be a violation of one or more laws and is expressly prohibited by law.
if you violate these restrictions, you may be subject to civil and criminal penalties.
if we grant you permission to waive these restrictions, the permission terminates automatically if you breach any of these terms or conditions.
upon termination, you must immediately destroy any downloaded materials and printed materials.
the following is a non-exclusive list of registered trademarks, registered service marks, or trademarks or service marks of lockheed martin corporation or its subsidiaries, in the united states and/or other countries or jurisdictions.
a (& design), a2100, above and beyond, acp, actravis, aegis, aerocraft, aerocraft (& design), aerospacewarrior, aimpoint (stylized), air express, alam, alert, altair, america's silent hero, an/apg-67, an/aps-145, analytyx, argmatch, army tactical missile system, arquest, arquest (& design), arrowhead, atacms, athena, atlas, atlas (& design), atlas a (& design), atlas iii, atlas v, aup, autographics, b-24, blackbird, blu-109, blu-116, bsy-2, c-130, c-141, c-5, cass, cavp, cbrews, centaur, challenger marine, chaparral, ckem, code one, compu-scene, comsat, comsat (& design), comsat (design only), comsat star, constellation, constitution, csc satellite (design only), defining moments, dft, display broker, dsmac, eagle (design only), eaglespeed, easistar, edge factory, electra, embrace space, embrace space (& design), err, esar, estars, e-satcentral, etoc, etoc (stylized), etrack it, examiner 3dx, explorer, f/a-22, f/a-22 raptor, f-104, f-117, f-16, f-16 (configuration), f-16 fighting falcon, f-22, f-35, f-35 joint strike fighter (design only), f-80, f-94, falconsar, fast hull, fastrak, fighter enterprise (& design), fighting falcon, first look, first shot, first kill, flight deck, formtek, formtek orion, from the depths of the oceans to the far reaches of space, futurepoint, galaxy, global 21, global access (& design), global business solutions,global supply chain management lmap council etc.
(& design), gmlrs, have lite, hawkeye, hawkeye xr, hellfire, hellfire ii, hercules, hi, hi gain, hi gain (& design), hi seas, high mobility artillery rocket system, high tide, himars, hudson, idas/matt, iep-cam, ils, ils (& design), imagecoder, imager, intelligent library system, international launch services, inc.
, inventit, inventit (& design), jassm, jetstar, joint strike fighter, jsf, kelly aviation center, kelly aviation center, a lockheed martin affiliate (& design), l-1011, lantirn, laser ut, liberator, light mover, lincocity, line-of-sight antitank, line-of-sight antitank (stylized), linkosity, linkosity (& design), linkosity (design only), lm people, lmc, lmco, lmc properties, lm-star, lm-xpress, locaas, lockheed, lockheed (& design), lockheed martin, lockheed martin (& design), lockheed martin corporation, lockheed martin star (design only), lockheed martin stars institute, lockheed martin stars institute (& design), lodestar, longbow, longbow hellfire, losat, lunar prospector, ma-25, mail cart systems, mars, mars flying boat, martin, maxiplan, maxipurge, maxisort, maxistar, maxistar onschedule, meteostar, metrixworks metrics made easy (& design), metroguard, mewss pip, mh-60r, mi-15, micad, millennium driver trainer system, milstar, mission success, mission systems, mlrs, mmsr, moment of truth, mstar, mstar technology, mtoc, multiple launch rocket system, multiple launch rocket system (stylized), neptune, netfires, new mexico capital network, nighthawk, nite hawk, no higher standard, ocean 21, omnistar, orion, orlando central park, out here there are no stop signs, p-2v, p-3, p-3 orion, p-38 lightning, p-38j lightning, p-80, pac-3, pal (& design), pantera, partnerships make a world of difference, pathmaker, performance by the hour, pgmm, pibox, pira, plug and fight, polar, postal technologies, inc.
, predator, ps-59, pstar, ptc, p-ten, pti, radiant mercury, radiant mercury (& design), radiant trust, radiant trust (& design), rainbow, raptor, rate, rrpr, s-3, s-3b, safe, satcenter, satellite control system 21, sats, saturn, sea sentinel, sea talon, seastar, sentry owl, shield, shooting star, silent keyer, silent sentry, sirius, skunk (design only), skunk works, skyline, skytracker, slice, smartbridge, snake eyes, snifferstar, sniper, sniper xr, soe institute, solution 21, space boy (design only), spear, sr-71, st3000, stabilite, stabilite star (design only), starfighter, starfire, starlifter, sttl, super constellation, synchronetics, tacms, tads/pnvs, talaria, tbmcs, team win-t, thaad, the fighter enterprise (& design), the fighter enterprise (design only), the power to lift a nation, the power to lift the world, titan, topscene, touch n' go calibration,tpp (& design), trident, u-2, united space alliance, united we serve, uret ccld, usa (& design), v2 (squared-stylized), valiant, validian, validian (& design), vega harpoon, vega ventura, venture vision, venturestar, venturestar explosion (design only), vers l'univers, vieu star, viking, vista, vla, vought, vtmis, we bring you the world, we never forget who we're working for, weldalite, x-35, xd, xr, zip seal, zip-strip.
configurations and designs of aircraft and spacecraft may also be registered trademarks or are trademarks of lockheed martin corporation, including without limitation, the configuration of certain fighter aircraft such as the configuration of the f-16 fighting falcon, joint strike fighter, f/a-22, and p-38 lightning aircraft.
to the extent a name, logo or design does not appear on the above list, such lack of appearance does not constitute a waiver of any intellectual property rights that lockheed martin corporation has established in its product or service names or logos, or in product configurations or designs, all of which rights are expressly reserved.
8.
by providing content, we do not allow you to use our trademarks.
the trademarks, service marks and logos of lockheed martin" used and displayed on our web site are our registered and unregistered trademarks.
nothing on this web site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of our trademarks without our written permission.
requests to use trademarks owned by other companies which may be mentioned on this web site should be directed to such other companies.
we aggressively enforce our intellectual property rights.
the name of lockheed martin corporation or our logo may not be used in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on our web site, without prior written permission.
you are not authorized to use our logo as a hyperlink to our web site unless you obtain our written permission in advance.
9.
we are not providing investment advice nor soliciting offers.
nothing in this site constitutes investment advice, including our sec filings.
we provide investor relations materials for your convenience and information only.
in addition, investor relations materials and our other web site content are not offers to sell or solicitations of an offer to buy any security.
all investors should know that there are "ups" and "downs" in every business and stock.
there are no guarantees about the future performance of the stock market or our stock.
before you invest in any security, you can protect yourself by being an educated investor.
if you are interested in our stock, we recommend that, at a minimum, you read our latest annual report and 10-k, 10-q and 8-k reports to the sec over the past year.
our recent proxy statements for shareholder meetings also contain important information.
it is also advisable to learn more about us and our industry through a variety of public materials.
our recent annual reports, 10-k and 10-q reports and other materials are accessible through this web site.
other materials we have filed with the sec are available through its web site at  you can also visit the sec at its washington or various regional offices for the same information or hire a document retrieval service to obtain the filings for you.
10.
you should not rely on the stock price information on our web site.
we do not generate the information regarding lockheed martin corporation stock prices for our web site.
we believe the information on the stock price details page is accurate, but we cannot guarantee or warrant the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of the information.
you should not rely on the stock price information for investment purposes.
we are not liable for any loss or damages, whether direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or exemplary, that arise from reliance on information on the stock price details page.
11.
investors should not rely on forward-looking information.
some of the statements on our web site, including those relating to projected future financial performance or events, are considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, specifically the securities litigation reform act of 1995.
forward-looking statements give our expectations or forecasts of future events.
sometimes these statements will use words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "intend," "plan," "believe," "outlook," "forecast," and other similar words.
these statements are not guarantees of our future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause our actual performance to be materially different from those we project.
our actual results will be different due to the inherent nature of projections and may be better or worse than projected.
given these uncertainties, you should not rely on forward-looking statements.
these forward-looking statements also represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date that they initially were made.
we expressly disclaim a duty to provide updates to any forward-looking statements, and the estimates and assumptions associated with them, to reflect events or circumstances or changes in expectations or the occurrence of anticipated events after the date they initially were made.
in addition to the factors set forth in our form 10-k and other filings with the securities and exchange commission, the following factors could affect the forward- looking statements.
the ability to achieve or quantify savings for our customers or ourselves through our global cost-cutting program and other financial management programs.
the ability to obtain, or the timing of obtaining, future government awards and contracts.
the availability of government funding and customer requirements.
changes in government priorities due to program reviews or revisions to strategic objectives.
difficulties in developing and producing operationally advanced technology systems.
the competitive environment.
economic, business and political conditions domestically and internationally.
the timing and customer acceptance of product deliveries and launches.
the outcome of contingencies, including litigation, environmental remediation, program performance, and completion of any acquisitions and divestitures.
these are only some of the numerous factors which may affect the forward-looking statements contained on our web site.
12.
you must obey local laws in accessing our web site.
this site is controlled by us from our offices within the united states of america.
we make no representation that content or materials in the site are appropriate or available for use in other jurisdictions.
access to our web site content or materials from jurisdictions where such access is illegal or prohibited.
if you choose to access this site from other jurisdictions, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
we are not responsible for any law violations.
you may not use or export the materials in this site in violation of u.
s.
export laws and regulations.
any claims relating to our web site and its content and materials shall be governed by the laws of the state of maryland without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.
you agree that any legal action or proceeding between us for any purpose concerning this agreement or the parties' obligations shall be brought exclusively in a federal or state court in maryland.
13.
you are bound by changes in this agreement's terms and conditions.
we may at any time revise these terms and conditions by updating this posting.
by using our web site, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the then current lockheed martin corporation web site user agreement and disclaimers to which you are bound.
certain provisions of these terms and conditions may be superseded by other legal notices or terms located on parts of our web site.
in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of this agreement and the terms and conditions of any other written agreement between lockheed martin corporation and its customers or vendors, the express terms and conditions of the latter agreement shall prevail.
14.
you agree to indemnify us for using our web site.
you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless lockheed martin corporation, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers and any third party information providers to us from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of this agreement by you.
15.
third parties may have rights under this agreement.
some of the provisions of this agreement are for the benefit of lockheed martin corporation and its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, and suppliers.
each of these individuals or entities shall have the right to assert and enforce those provisions directly against you on its own behalf.
16.
how this agreement may be terminated.
this agreement may be terminated by either party without notice at any time for any reason.
provided that you may no longer use our web site after you have terminated this agreement.
provisions 2, 6, 7, 8, 12, 14, and 15 of this agreement shall survive any termination of this agreement.
17.
miscellaneous.
our failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of this agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right.
neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any provision of this agreement.
we may assign our rights and duties under this agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
website privacy notice.
lockheed martin corporation and its affiliates (collectively referred to as "lockheed martin corporation", "we", "us") takes its data protection and privacy responsibilities seriously.
this privacy notice explains how we collect, use and share your personal information as a result of your use of our web sites, including.
what personal information we collect and when and why we use it.
sharing your personal information.
transferring personal information globally.
how we protect and store personal information.
european union.
california.
australia.
how you can contact us.
changes to this privacy notice.
some of lockheed martin websites, such as the lmpeople and employee service center websites that provide employees and retirees access to personnel and benefits information from the internet, may provide more detailed privacy or disclaimer notices or policies, in which case they take priority over this notice.
to make this privacy policy easy to find, we make it available in the footer of every web page where it applies employees and others with access to the lockheed martin internal intranet should note that this privacy notice will apply if linked directly from there.
otherwise, our internal privacy policies will apply as defined in corporate command media.
links to other websites.
you might find external links to third-party websites on our website.
this privacy notice only applies to personal data collected on this website and does not apply to your use of a third-party site.
we have no influence or control over linked third-party websites and your use of other sites is at your own risk and is subject to their privacy statements and policies.
what personal information we collect and when and why we use it.
when we collect personal information.
categories of personal information we collect.
how we use personal information.
when we collect information.
we collect information about you if you register with or use one of our website(s).
we will collect your personal information via the following methods.
by recording details you provide to us - e.
g.
in responding to a job posting, your communications with us through emails or calls, and/or.
by observing your use of our products and services and our website.
our website uses a tracking technology known as “cookies.
”  these cookies may collect demographic and interest information, which may result in seeing certain interest based information on other websites.
for further details on our use of cookies and how you can change the way your browser manages cookies please see our cookie statement.
categories of personal information we collect and use if you use our websites or visit our facilities.
category of personal information.
further information about the category.
contact information.
names, addresses (including address history), email address, telephone numbers.
employment information.
employment status, employment history, education history cv, information about security clearance, where necessary, your current salary, and other personal information submitted by job applicants.
ip address and technical details.
ip address of the computer/personal device that you use to access our website(s), approximate location information from where you access our website(s) and information about your device and browser.
health information.
information relating to infectious diseases such as symptoms, recent diagnoses and relevant travel history.
how we use personal information.
we may use or disclose the personal information we collect to.
fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information.
for example, if you share your name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry.
communicate with you about, and administer your participation in, special events, programs, offers, surveys and market research.
respond to your inquiries.
process employment applications, including by assessing qualifications, verifying information, and conducting reference or other employment-related checks.
evaluate potential suppliers and subcontractors and manage our relationships with them.
perform data analyses (including anonymization and aggregation of personal information).
protect against, identify and prevent cybersecurity and other security events, espionage, fraud and other unlawful activity, claims and other liabilities.
help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
and.
comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies.
we also may use the information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
sharing your personal information.
in this section you can find out more about how we share personal information.
within lockheed martin corporation.
with third parties, including those that help us provide our products and services.
and.
with regulators.
we share your information in the manner and for the purposes described below.
within lockheed martin corporation, where such disclosure is necessary to provide you with our services,  to manage our business, or for security purposes.
with third parties who help manage our business and deliver services.
these third parties have agreed to confidentiality restrictions and use any personal information we share with them or which they collect on our behalf solely for the purpose of providing the contracted service to us.
these include it service providers who help manage our it and back office systems.
we may share in aggregate, statistical form, non-personal data regarding the visitors to our website, traffic patterns, and website usage with our partners, affiliates or advertisers.
if, in the future, we sell or transfer some or all of our business or assets to a third party, we may disclose information to a potential or actual third-party purchaser of our business or assets.
and/or.
with our regulators, to comply with all applicable laws, regulations and rules, and requests of law enforcement, regulatory and other governmental agencies.
transferring personal information.
in this section you can find out more about.
how we operate as a global business and transfer personal information.
the arrangements we have in place to protect your personal information.
lockheed martin corporation operates on a global basis.
accordingly, your personal information may be transferred and stored in the united states, australia, the united kingdom or singapore that are subject to different standards of data protection.
lockheed martin corporation will take appropriate steps ensure that transfers of personal information are in accordance with applicable law and carefully managed to protect your privacy rights and interests.
to this end.
we ensure transfers within lockheed martin corporation will be covered by an agreement entered into by members of lockheed martin corporation (an intra-group agreement) which contractually obliges each member to ensure that personal information receives an adequate and consistent level of protection wherever it is transferred within lockheed martin corporation.
where we transfer your personal information outside lockheed martin corporation or to third parties who help provide our products and services, we obtain contractual commitments from them to protect your personal information.
or.
where we receive requests for information from law enforcement or regulators, we carefully validate these requests before any personal information are disclosed.
you have a right to contact us at for more information about the safeguards we have put in place (including a copy of relevant contractual commitments) to ensure the adequate protection of your personal information when this is transferred as mentioned above.
how we protect and store your information.
security.
we have implemented and maintain appropriate technical and organisational security measures, policies and procedures designed to reduce the risk of accidental destruction or loss, or the unauthorised disclosure or access to such information appropriate to the nature of the information concerned.
as the security of information depends in part on the security of the computer you use to communicate with us and the security you use to protect user ids and passwords please take appropriate measures to protect this information.
storing your personal information.
we will store your personal information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it was collected.
in some circumstances we may store your personal information for longer periods of time, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, regulatory, tax, accounting requirements.
in specific circumstances we may store your personal information for longer periods of time so that we have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges, or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation relating to your personal information or dealings.
europe.
if you are located in the european union or the united kingdom click here for the lockheed martin eu and uk data protection notice applicable to you.
california.
if you are a resident of california as defined in the california code of regulations (18 ccr § 17014), you have the following rights under the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (“ccpa”).
effective january 1, 2020, the ccpa allows california residents to request.
access to their personal information in a portable and readily usable form.
disclosure of the specific categories of, and sources for, personal information that the company has collected about you.
the business or commercial purposes for collecting the personal information.
the categories of third parties with which the information was shared.
and, deletion of your personal information, subject to certain exceptions.
you must verify your identity before we will fulfill your request.
as a part of this verification process, government identification may be required.
you may designate an authorized agent to make a request under the ccpa on your behalf.
in order to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, you must provide a valid power of attorney and the requester’s valid government-issued identification.
you have the right to make a request two times in a 12-month period, free of charge.
we will respond within 45 days of receiving your request, unless we request an extension.
in the event a 45-day extension is needed, we will notify you of the extension within the initial 45-day period.
as defined by california’s ‘shine the light law,’ california residents may annually request and obtain information free of charge about what personal information is disclosed to third-parties for direct marketing use within the prior calendar year.
lockheed does not sell or share your personal information with other businesses for direct marketing.
australia.
users in australia can contact us to discuss any concerns or you may choose to complain to the office of the australian information commissioner via .
if you are located in australia, where you provide us with the personal information of third parties (e.
g.
your employees or contractors), you warrant that you have obtained the consent of and/or notified those individuals as required under the privacy act 1988 (cth) that you are providing their personal information to us and have provided them with a copy of or link to this privacy policy.
contact us.
if you have any questions, concerns or complaints regarding our compliance with this notice and the data protection laws, or if you wish to exercise your rights, we encourage you to first contact us at.
chief privacy officer lockheed martin corporation 6801 rockledge drive bethesda, maryland 20817.
lm privacy hot line.
1-877-314-8442 or .
we will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes and will make every reasonable effort to honor your wish to exercise your rights as quickly as possible and, in any event, within the timeframes provided by data protection laws.
changes to this privacy notice.
lockheed martin reserves the right to modify this privacy notice at any time.
if we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the revised notice here and update the effective date.
effective.
march 12, 2020.
our capabilities.
capabilities.
products.
information for.
employees.
international.
investors.
suppliers.
connect with us.
contact us.
media relations.
multimedia.
social media.
vulnerability disclosures.
about us.
careers.
community.
leadership.
newsroom.
sustainability.
who we are.
© 2022 lockheed martin corporation.
all rights reserved.
privacy terms of use eu and uk data protection notice cookies.
stock price.
social icon.
social icon.
social icon.
social icon.
social icon.
