store3d printerstool headsfilamentaccessoriesbundlespartsbiofabricationclearance.
supportcontact uscura lulzbot editionohai step-by-stepwarranty registrationrepair servicedownloads.
learntutorialslulzlessonscase studies.
cura le.
enterprisesolutionscase studiesindustry bundlesbiofabrication.
educationlulzlessonsclassroom bundlestutorials.
communityannouncementsforumfacebook group.
privacy policy.
this privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for lulzbot.
com which is owned and managed by fame 3d, llc.
this privacy notice applies solely to your personal data that is collected and processed through the use of lulzbot.
com.
it will notify you of the following.
what personally identifiable data is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
what choices are available to you regarding the use of your personal data.
the security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your personal data.
information collection, use, and sharing.
we are the controller of the data collected on this website.
we only have access to/collect personal data that you voluntarily give us via forms, email, usage of this website, or other direct contact from you.
we will not sell or rent this personal data to anyone.
the data we collect, depending on your use of lulzbot.
com, can include your ip address, email address, name, shipping and/or billing address, phone number, order history, and/or usage of lulzbot.
com.
if you complete an order with a credit card transaction we will temporarily collect your credit card information to process the transaction and then remove that credit card data.
your personal data will be retained no longer than necessary and allowed under applicable data protection law.
we will use your personal data to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.
we will not share your personal data with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request for a shipping quote, to complete a payment transaction, and/or to ship an order.
we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
cookies.
cookie settings.
your access to and control over personal data.
you can do the following at any time by contacting us via , calling +1-701-809-0800, or mailing a letter to 1001 25th st n fargo, north dakota 58102, usa.
opt out of any future contact from us.
request a portable copy of personal data we have about you, if any.
change/correct any personal data we have about you.
have us delete any personal data we have about you.
request the restriction of processing any personal data we have about you.
withdraw your consent for processing of your personal data.
express any concern you have about or object to our use of your personal data.
security.
we take precautions to protect your information.
when you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.
you can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
while we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline.
only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
the computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
if you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at +1-701-809-0800 or via email at .
about.
contact.
education.
press.
resellers.
jobs.
privacy policy.
copyleft 2011- 2022 fargo additive manufacturing equipment 3d — committed to free software and open source hardwarelulzbot® is a registered trademark of fargo additive manufacturing equipment 3dall site content, unless otherwise noted, is licensed cc by-nc-sa 4.
0 international  by fargo additive manufacturing equipment 3d, llc.
this website uses cookies.
by continuing to browse this site, you agree to their use.
this website uses cookies that are required for the basic functionality of the website and does not collect any identifiable personal data.
lulzbot.
com uses the google analytics  web service to analyze traffic and help improve user experience on lulzbot.
com.
this service will process your ip address and store cookies on your browser.
this data is only processed by lulzbot and is not shared with any party outside of lulzbot and google analytics.
learn more about our privacy policy.
