home.
cloud.
edgemfx-1 edge gatewayedgeflux - iot device management.
mfx-1 edge gateway.
edgeflux - iot device management.
services.
pricing.
resourcesdocumentationguidesgithubblognewsfaq.
documentation.
guides.
github.
blog.
news.
faq.
careers.
about us.
contact us.
open source iot platform                     edge computing and consulting services.
mainflux labs is technology company offering end-to-end, open-source  patent-free iot platform, edge computing gateway and consulting services  for the software and hardware layers of the internet of things technology.
member & leadership.
authored by mainflux team.
member.
founded by serbian innovation fund.
open source  iot platform.
on prem,  hybrid or cloud.
mainflux is performant and secure open-source iot platform with the complete full-scale capabilities for development of internet of things solutions, iot applications and smart connected products.
built as a set of microservices containerized by docker and orchestrated with kubernetes, mainflux iot platform serves as a software infrastructure and middleware which provides.
device management.
data aggregation and data management.
connectivity and message routing.
event management.
core analytics.
user interface.
application enablement.
features.
open source & patent free.
apache 2.
0 license.
all the benefits of open source solutions.
transparency, control, community testing, support and bug fixes.
no client access licenses issues.
no vendor lock.
secure.
enhanced and fine-grained security via deployment-ready mainflux authentication and authorization server with access control scheme based on customizable api keys and scoped jwt.
mutual tls authentication (mtls)  using x.
509 certificates.
nginx reverse proxy for security, load-balancing and termination of tls and dtls connections.
performant.
thanks to golang language, and microservices, it has tested performance, deployment speed, fast and robust execution, small footprint.
built for extensibility.
adding new functionality for vertical solutions and applications does not require reconfiguration or modification of the core platform.
seamless integration.
open, modularized and flexible architecture with many iot protocols and easy-to-use apis, ensures seamless 3rd-party integration with existing enterprise systems ( (e.
g.
, erp, bi, crm), databases, and analytics programs, back-end systems and/or other cloud services.
protocol and device agnostic.
multi-protocol support and hardware agnostic.
connectivity for any device and any application.
pub/sub multiprotocol messaging bridge (http, mqtt, websocket, coap) based on nats ultra-performant broker.
scalable and responsive.
microservice-based architecture, built using open-source technologies resulting in high-performance, scalability and fault-tolerance.
scale down - deployable.
deployable from multi-datacenter scale to rpi class devices.
low opex.
low operating expense (opex) due to design and selection of core technologies.
on prem, hybrid or cloud.
easy to deploy on-prem, hybrid or in the cloud.
edge computing mfx-1 gateway.
developed to meet the b2b market demands.
mfx-1 iot edge gateway based on mainflux iot open-source platform is developed on the optimized hardware, the solid run hummingboard cbi - edge hardware platform, created to meet the b2b market demands for a high performance, secure, robust and overall low-cost industrial compliant device.
mfx-1 hardware general features.
low memory footprint (ram).
small size binaries.
low latency.
hi performance.
industrial temp.
(-40° to 85° c).
deploy only microservices you need for the project.
mfx-1  software features.
all features of the mainflux iot platform.
remote iot devices & gateways management - ensures the secure and proper functioning of multiple iot devices.
unified iot cloud/edge computing system - mainflux iot platform implemented on the edge computing gateway, creates with a centralized mainflux iot instance in the cloud an unfied comprehensive full turn-key iot system.
mainflux mfx-1 gateway.
mainflux labs  consulting services.
mainflux cross-functional team provide operational expertise for all technology layers                            and complexity of the iot technology and cost-quality related solutions with support                            needed for every internet of things project.
expertise for all technology layers.
hardware & embedded software development.
software development.
web application development.
it operations and management.
data science and distributive systems.
mainflux labs services include.
profesional services.
consultancy for product design, and architecturing.
proof of concept (poc) project’s.
integration’s and pilot’s.
auditing.
support.
technical support.
training - get mainflux iot up and running in a production-ready environment.
workshops - from idea to production.
mainflux demo.
for iot solution or hardware expertise.
mainflux labs references.
mainflux labs is featured in.
mainflux labs is featured in.
mainflux labs news.
mainflux labs is a member of the construction r&d project funded by the eu h2020 program.
mainflux labs is a consortium member of the ashvin.
eu h2020 funded, international r&d project which goal is to address long-lasting challenges of the construction industry using digital twins and the power of iot as assistants for design, construction and maintenance of civil engineering infrastructures.
read more.
intel developer zone demonstrates mainflux and edgex foundry for iot metering.
intel developer zone in the blog post "view metering in action on edge middleware platforms" demonstrates how mainflux and edgex foundry can be used for iot metering which has large scale applications that are key to certain business ventures.
read more.
mainflux is a national iot winner of the central european startup awards.
mainflux labs is a serbian national winner in the iot category of central european startup awards competition, which is a part of the global startup awards, one of the largest independent startup ecosystem competitions.
read more.
contact us.
email.
.
website.
mainflux.
com.
github.
iot platform & edge.
iot cloud platform.
edge computing.
documentation.
references.
about us.
team.
blog.
news and press.
faq.
newsletter.
apache v2.
0 – 2020 mainflux labs - internet of things solutions.
terms of use /internet security /privacy & cookie policy /accessibility.
mainflux labs.
