contact.
+44 113 281 4899.
log in.
fleet management solutionsfleet management solutions              by industry                              transport and logistics                                  field services                                transition to a green fleet.
fleet management solutions.
by industry                              transport and logistics                                  field services.
transport and logistics.
field services.
transition to a green fleet.
transition to a green fleet.
about us.
english.
español.
français.
privacy policy.
michelin connected fleet are committed to safeguarding and preserving the privacy of our visitors.
this privacy policy explains what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you whilst you visit our telematics website.
we do update this policy from time to time so please do review this policy regularly.
[updated 18/02/2022].
1.
processing activities covered.
this privacy statement applies to the following processing activities.
visiting our websites which display or link through to this privacy statement.
visiting our websites which display or link through to this privacy statement.
visiting our offices.
visiting our offices.
receiving communications from us, including emails, texts or fax.
receiving communications from us, including emails, texts or fax.
registering for our events.
registering for our events.
participating in community and open source development.
participating in community and open source development.
our websites may contain links to other websites, applications and services maintained by third parties.
the information practices of such other services are governed by the third-party privacy statements, which we encourage you to review to better understand those third parties’ privacy practices.
2.
responsible michelin connected fleet entity.
masternaut (trading as michelin connected fleet) is the controller of your personal data and responsible for the collection, processing and disclosure of your personal data as described in this privacy policy unless expressly specified otherwise.
3.
what personal data do we collect.
3.
1 personal data we collect directly from youthe personal data that we collect directly from you may include the following.
if you express an interest in obtaining additional information about our services, request customer support, use our ""contact us"" or similar features, register to use our websites, sign up for an event or webinar, or download certain content, we generally require you to provide us with your contact information, such as your name, job title, company name, address, phone number, email address.
if you express an interest in obtaining additional information about our services, request customer support, use our ""contact us"" or similar features, register to use our websites, sign up for an event or webinar, or download certain content, we generally require you to provide us with your contact information, such as your name, job title, company name, address, phone number, email address.
if you attend an event, we may, upon your consent, scan your attendee badge which will provide us with your name, title and company name, address, country, phone number and email address.
- if you use and interact with our websites, we automatically collect log files and other information about your device and your usage of our websites through cookies, web beacons or similar technologies, such as ip-addresses or other identifiers, which may qualify as personal data (view the ""what device and usage data we process"" section below).
if you attend an event, we may, upon your consent, scan your attendee badge which will provide us with your name, title and company name, address, country, phone number and email address.
- if you use and interact with our websites, we automatically collect log files and other information about your device and your usage of our websites through cookies, web beacons or similar technologies, such as ip-addresses or other identifiers, which may qualify as personal data (view the ""what device and usage data we process"" section below).
if you visit our offices, you may be required to register as a visitor and to provide your name, email address, phone number, company name and time and date of arrival.
if you visit our offices, you may be required to register as a visitor and to provide your name, email address, phone number, company name and time and date of arrival.
3.
2 personal data we collect from other sourceswe may also collect information about you from other sources, including third parties from whom we have purchased personal data, and combine this information with personal data provided by you.
this helps us to update, expand and analyze our records, identify new customers, and create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you.
in particular, we collect personal data from the following sources.
business contact information, including mailing address, job title, email address, phone number, ‘intent data’ which is web user behaviour data, ip addresses, social handles, linkedin url and custom profiles from third-party data providers for the purposes of targeted advertising, delivering relevant email content, event promotion and profiling.
business contact information, including mailing address, job title, email address, phone number, ‘intent data’ which is web user behaviour data, ip addresses, social handles, linkedin url and custom profiles from third-party data providers for the purposes of targeted advertising, delivering relevant email content, event promotion and profiling.
4.
what device and usage data we process.
we use common information-gathering tools, such as log files, cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to automatically collect information, which may contain personal data, from your computer or mobile device as you navigate our websites or interact with emails we have sent you.
4.
1 log filesas is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically via log files.
this collected information may include your internet protocol (ip) address (or proxy server), device and application identification numbers, your location, your browser type, your internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, the pages and files you viewed, your searches, your operating system and system configuration information, and date/time stamps associated with your usage.
this information is used to analyze overall trends, to help us provide and improve our websites and to guarantee their security and continued proper functioning.
4.
2 cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologieswe use cookies and similar technologies such as web beacons, tags and javascript alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about the usage of our websites and interaction with emails from us.
when you visit our websites, our servers or an authorized third party may place a cookie on your browser, which can collect information, including personal data, about your online activities over time and across different sites.
cookies allow us to track overall usage, determine areas that you prefer, make your usage easier by recognizing you and providing you with a customized experience.
we use both session-based and persistent cookies.
session cookies exist only during one session and disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer.
persistent cookies remain on your computer or device after you close your browser or turn off your computer.
you can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our websites or services.
to opt-out from tracking by google analytics, please use the specific opt-out mechanism as indicated further below.
we also use web beacons on our websites.
for example, we may place web beacons in marketing emails that notify us when you click on a link in the email that directs you to one of our websites.
such such tracking technologies are used to operate and improve our websites and email communications and track the clicking of links or opening of emails.
the following sets out how we use different categories of cookies and similar technologies, as well as information on your options for managing the settings for the data collected by these technologies.
type of cookies.
description.
managing settings.
required cookies.
required cookies enable you to navigate our websites and use their features, such as accessing secure areas of the websites.
if you have chosen to identify yourself to us, we may place on your browser a cookie that allows us to uniquely identify you when you are logged into the websites and to process your online transactions and requests.
because required cookies are essential to operate the websites there is no option to opt out of these cookies.
functional cookies.
functional cookies allow us to remember information you have entered or choices you make (such as your username, language, or your region) and provide enhanced, more personal features.
functional cookies may also be used to improve how our websites function and to help us provide you with more relevant messages, including marketing communications.
these cookies collect information about how our websites are used, including which pages are viewed most often.
we may use our own technology or third party technology to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information to provide enhanced interactions and more relevant communications, and to track the performance of our advertisements.
in particular, we use google analytics ("google analytics"), a web analytics service provided by google, inc.
, 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa as our processor.
google analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how our websites are used, including the number of visitors, the websites visitors have come from, and the pages they visit.
this information is used by us to improve our websites.
to manage the use of functional cookies on our websites, consult your individual browser settings for cookies.
note that opting out may impact the functionality you receive when using our websites.
to opt out from data collection by google analytics, you can download and install a browser add-on, which is available here.
to learn how to control functional cookies using your browser settings click here.
to learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for flash cookies click here.
targeting or advertising cookies.
we sometimes uses cookies delivered by us or third parties to show you ads for our products that we think may interest you on any devices you may use and to track the performance of our advertisements.
for example, in these cases, cookies may collect and remember information such as which browsers have visited our websites.
the information provided to third parties does not include personal data, but this information may be re-associated with personal data after the company receives it.
michelin connected fleet also contracts with third party advertising networks that collect ip addresses and other information from web beacons (see below) on our websites, from emails, and on third-party websites.
advertising networks follow your online activities over time and across different sites or other online services by collecting device and usage data through automated means, including through the use of cookies.
these technologies may recognize you across the different devices you use, such as a desktop or laptop computer, smartphone or tablet.
third parties use this information to provide advertisements about products and services tailored to your interests.
you may see their advertisements on other websites or mobile applications on any of your devices.
this process also helps us manage and track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
see section 4.
3, below, to learn more about these and other advertising networks and your ability to opt out of collection by certain third parties.
4.
3 notices on behavioural advertising and opt-outas described above, we or third parties may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser when you visit our websites for the purposes of serving you targeted advertising (also referred to as “online behavioral advertising” or “interest-based advertising”).
to manage the use of targeting or advertising cookies on this website, consult your individual browser settings for cookies.
4.
4 opt-out from the collection of device and usage datayou may opt-out from the collection of device and usage data (see ""what device and usage data we process"" section above) by managing your cookies at the individual browser level.
in addition, if you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising click here.
please note, however, that by blocking or deleting cookies and similar technologies used on our websites, you may not be able to take full advantage of the website.
while some internet browsers offer a “do not track” or “dnt” option that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked, these features are not yet uniform and there is no common standard that has been adopted by industry groups, technology companies or regulators.
therefore, we do not currently commit to responding to browsers' dnt signals with respect to our websites.
michelin connected fleet takes privacy and meaningful choice seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor developments around dnt browser technology and the implementation of a standard.
5.
purposes for which we process personal data and the legal basis on which we rely.
we collect, process your personal data for the purposes and on the legal bases identified in the following.
providing our websites.
we will process your personal data to the extent this is necessary for the performance of our contract with you for the use of our websites and to fulfil our obligations under the applicable terms of use/service.
where we have not entered into a contract with you, we base the processing of your personal data on our legitimate interest to operate and administer our websites and to provide you with content you access and request (e.
g.
, download of certain content from our websites).
promoting security of our websites.
we will process your personal data by tracking use of our websites, creating aggregated, non-personal data, verifying accounts and activity, investigating suspicious activity, as well as violations of and enforcement of our terms and policies, to the extent this is necessary for the purpose of our legitimate interests in promoting the safety and security of the systems and application used for our websites, and protecting our rights and the rights of others.
handling contact and user support requests.
if you fill out a “contact me” web form, request user support, or if you contact us by other means, we will process your personal data for the performance of our contract with you and to the extent it is necessary for the purpose of our legitimate interests to fulfil your request and communicate with you.
managing event registrations and attendance.
we will process your personal data to plan and host the event or webinar, including related communication with you, on basis of the performance of our contract with you.
developing and improving our websites.
we will process your personal data to analyze trends, track your usage of our websites and interactions with emails to the extent this is necessary for our legitimate interests to develop and improve our websites and to provide our users with more relevant and interesting content.
displaying personalized advertisements and content.
we will process your personal data to conduct marketing research, advertise to you, provide personalized information about us on and off our websites, and other personalized content based upon your activities and interests to the extent it is necessary for our legitimate interests to advertise our websites or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your prior separate consent (please also view "your rights relating to your personal data" below to learn how you can control how your personal data is processed by michelin connected fleet for marketing purposes).
sending marketing communications.
we will process your personal data to send you marketing information, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications (e.
g.
, marketing newsletters, sms, or push notifications) about us and our affiliates and partners, including information about our products, promotions or events as necessary for our legitimate interests to conduct direct marketing or to the extent you have provided your prior separate consent (please also view "your rights relating to your personal data" section below to learn how you can control how your personal data is processed by michelin connected fleet for marketing purposes).
complying with legal obligations.
we will process your personal data when cooperating with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with our legal obligations under applicable laws to the extent this requires the processing or disclosure of personal data to protect our rights, and is necessary for our legitimate interests to protect against misuse or abuse of our websites, to protect personal property or safety, to pursue remedies available to us and limit our damages, to comply with a judicial proceedings, court order or legal process, and/or to respond to lawful requests.
where we need to collect and process personal data by law, or under a contract we have entered into with you and you fail to provide that required personal data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract.
6.
who do we share personal data with.
with third–party social networks, advertising networks and websites so that michelin connected fleet can address you on these networks with marketing information.
we may transfer data for marketing purposes to third parties in countries outside the eea.
we only transfer your data to third parties outside of the european economic area if and when the safeguards as provided by gdpr have been complied with and provided that you either consented to such transfers or the agreement between you and us provides a basis for such transfers.
with third–party social networks, advertising networks and websites so that michelin connected fleet can address you on these networks with marketing information.
we may transfer data for marketing purposes to third parties in countries outside the eea.
we only transfer your data to third parties outside of the european economic area if and when the safeguards as provided by gdpr have been complied with and provided that you either consented to such transfers or the agreement between you and us provides a basis for such transfers.
if we are involved in a merger or reorganization, sell a website or business unit, or if all or a portion of our business, assets or stock are acquired by another company, we may transfer some or all of your personal data to such third party.
in accordance with applicable laws, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such transfer of personal data to an unaffiliated third party as processing of your personal data will be required for the purposes set out in "purposes for which we process personal data and on which legal bases" section above.
if we are involved in a merger or reorganization, sell a website or business unit, or if all or a portion of our business, assets or stock are acquired by another company, we may transfer some or all of your personal data to such third party.
in accordance with applicable laws, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such transfer of personal data to an unaffiliated third party as processing of your personal data will be required for the purposes set out in "purposes for which we process personal data and on which legal bases" section above.
any personal data or other information you choose to submit in communities, forums, blogs, or chat rooms on our websites may be read, collected, and/or used by others who visit these forums, depending on your account settings.
any personal data or other information you choose to submit in communities, forums, blogs, or chat rooms on our websites may be read, collected, and/or used by others who visit these forums, depending on your account settings.
7.
how long do we keep your personal data.
we may retain your personal data for a period of time consistent with the original purpose of collection (see ""purposes for which we process personal data and on what legal basis"" section above).
we determine the appropriate retention period for personal data on the basis of the amount, nature, and sensitivity of your personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure, and whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, as well as the applicable legal requirements (such as applicable statutes of limitation).
after expiry of the retention periods, your personal data will be deleted.
if there is any information that we are unable, for technical reasons, to delete entirely from our systems, we will put in place appropriate measures to prevent any further use of the data.
8.
your rights relating to your personal data.
to access your personal data held by us (right to access).
to access your personal data held by us (right to access).
to rectify inaccurate personal data and ensure it is complete (right to rectification).
to rectify inaccurate personal data and ensure it is complete (right to rectification).
to erase/delete your personal data to the extent permitted by other legal obligations (right to erasure.
right to be forgotten).
to erase/delete your personal data to the extent permitted by other legal obligations (right to erasure.
right to be forgotten).
to restrict our processing of your personal data (right to restriction of processing).
to restrict our processing of your personal data (right to restriction of processing).
to transfer your personal data to another controller to the extent possible (right to data portability).
to transfer your personal data to another controller to the extent possible (right to data portability).
to object to any processing of your personal data carried out on the basis of our legitimate interests (right to object).
where we process your personal data for direct marketing purposes, you can exercise your right to object at any time to such processing without having to provide any specific reason for such objection.
to object to any processing of your personal data carried out on the basis of our legitimate interests (right to object).
where we process your personal data for direct marketing purposes, you can exercise your right to object at any time to such processing without having to provide any specific reason for such objection.
not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects ("automated decision-making").
automated decision-making currently does not take place on our websites.
not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects ("automated decision-making").
automated decision-making currently does not take place on our websites.
to the extent we base the collection, processing and sharing of your personal data on your consent, to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on such consent before its withdrawal.
to the extent we base the collection, processing and sharing of your personal data on your consent, to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on such consent before its withdrawal.
8.
2 how to exercise your rightsto exercise your rights, please contact us in accordance with the “contact us” section below.
we try to respond to all legitimate requests and will contact you if we need additional information from you in order to honor your request.
8.
3 your preferences for marketing communicationsif we process your personal data for the purpose of sending you marketing communications, you may manage your receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications from us by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our marketing emails, by replying or texting ‘stop’ if you receive sms communications, or by turning off push notifications on our apps on your device.
additionally, you may unsubscribe by contacting us using the information in the “contact us" section below.
please note that opting-out of marketing communications does not opt you out of receiving important business communications related to your current relationship with us, such as information about your subscriptions or event registrations, service announcements or security information.
9.
security.
we take precautions including organizational, technical, and physical measures, to help safeguard against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, the personal data we process or use.
while we follow generally accepted standards to protect personal data, no method of storage or transmission is 100% secure.
you are solely responsible for protecting your password, limiting access to your devices, and signing out of websites after your sessions.
if you have any questions about the security of our websites, please contact us via the “contacting us” section below.
10.
changes to this privacy statement.
we will update this privacy statement from time to time to reflect changes in our practices, technology, legal requirements and other factors.
if we do, we will update the “effective date” at the top of this privacy statement.
if we make an update, we may provide you with notice prior to the update taking effect, such as by posting a conspicuous notice on our website or by contacting you using the email address you provided.
we encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to stay informed about our collection, processing and sharing of your personal data.
11.
contacting us.
to exercise your rights regarding your personal data, or if you have questions regarding this privacy statement or our privacy practices please fill out this form or mail us at.
michelin connected fleet data protection officer - djamel souicipriory parkgreat north road, aberfordleedsls25 3dfemail.
are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy.
if, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the uk or the eea, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.
the capability to serve customers wherever they are.
michelin connected fleetlondon hq.
one eversholt street9th floorlondonnw1 2dn.
+44 113 281 4000.
2022.
privacy policy   |  disclaimer.
