top menu.
language.
careers.
divisions.
about.
privacy policy.
updated on january 14, 2021.
at matrox, ensuring the privacy of our web site visitors is an important concern.
we will not collect any personal information about our web site visitors unless it is submitted voluntarily, in which case we will act in a responsible manner to protect your personal information.
the privacy practices described in this document (the "privacy policy") apply to personally identifiable information (as defined below) that we collect in connection with all products, services and website(s) (collectively, "the site") offered by matrox electronic systems ltd.
, matrox graphics inc.
and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively "matrox").
by visiting the site you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this privacy policy.
if you do not agree, please do not use or access the site.
we reserve the right to change this privacy policy without prior notice.
any changes to our privacy policy will become effective upon our posting of the revised policy on the site.
use of the site following such changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised privacy policy then in effect.
personally identifiable information.
cookies to improve your experience.
our website uses essential technical cookies to ensure that certain functionalities of the site work properly, for example forms to request whitepapers or product demos, software downloads, product registrations, online purchases as well as access to secure areas such as our online training resources.
our website also make use of third-party cookies (such as hubspot,  google analytics and microsoft clarity) to track visitor statistics.
we use these statistics to continuously improve our website and other digital offerings, to bring you relevant content and to help us understand how our website is being used.
this information is used for statistical purposes only.
linkedin conversion tracking and insight tag.
for more information, please refer to microsoft's privacy statement.
if you wish to avoid this tracking, we provide options for refusing cookies.
accepting or refusing cookies.
matrox may use pii about you in the following ways.
product registration.
online technical support request form.
forums.
with whom does matrox share pii.
your choices regarding the use of pii.
i agree to receive all types of email communication.
this includes news, software notifications, special offers, announcements, product information, upcoming events, and one-on-one communication from matrox, its employees, agents, and distributors, and have my information shared with them and third-party service providers.
i only agree to receive email communication on a one-on-one basis.
this includes software maintenance program notices if i am a registered customer and direct emails from matrox, its employees, agents, and distributors.
i do not agree to receive any email communication from matrox, its employees, agents, and distributors.
contact details.
generic - footer first column.
matrox.
com.
careers.
corporate - footer third column.
disclaimer.
environment.
privacy policy.
terms and conditions.
select your language.
english.
français.
italiano.
deutsch.
español.
portuguese.
简体中文.
繁體中文.
日本語.
한국어.
log in / sign up.
request new password.
divisions.
shop.
my cart.
my cart.
catalog.
catalog.
my location- select country -andorra (eur)austria (eur)belarus (usd)belgium (eur)bulgaria (eur)canada (cad)canary islands (eur)croatia (eur)cyprus (eur)czech republic (eur)denmark (usd)estonia (eur)finland (eur)france (eur)germany (eur)greece (eur)hungary (eur)iceland (usd)ireland (eur)israel (usd)italy (eur)latvia (eur)lithuania (eur)luxembourg (eur)macedonia (usd)malta (usd)moldova (usd)netherlands (eur)norway (usd)poland (eur)portugal (eur)romania (eur)serbia (usd)slovakia (eur)slovenia (eur)south africa (usd)spain (eur)sweden (eur)switzerland (usd)ukraine (usd)united kingdom (gbp)united states (usd)set location.
my location.
