productsaccessanywan™ gateway processorsanywan™ gateway processorscable broadbandcable socscable front endscopper accessanywan™ gateway processorsxdsl/g.
fast transceiversfiber accesssocs for optical networking units (onu)fttp fiber to the premisefiber to moca accessfiber to g.
hn accessotherfsc® & narrowband tuners/demodsconnectivitywirelesswi-fi 6, wi-fi 6ewiredmocag.
hnethernetinfrastructuredata reduction & securitypanther serieswired infrastructuredata center connectivityoptical metro/long haul fiberwireless networkingradio head transceiversmicrowave & millimeter wave modemsmicrowave transceiverspower managementpower conversionldos & regulatorspower modulessmart power stagesswitching controllersswitching regulatorssystem controlssupervisorsusb power switchesvoltage referencesuniversal pmicsuniversal pmicsled lightingac step driversswitching regulatorsinterfaceafesdata converter afebridgesgpio expandersusb ethernet bridgesethernetethernet transceivers (phy)ethernet switchesusb ethernet bridgesserial transceiverscan transceiversmultiprotocolrs232rs485/422shdslshdsl transceiversuarts8-bit/vlio uartscombo uartsi²c/spi uartslpc uartspci uartspcie uartsusb uartsvoicetelephony chipset for cpetelephony chipset for linecards (pots)chipset for integrated line testing solutions for xdsl access.
accessanywan™ gateway processorsanywan™ gateway processorscable broadbandcable socscable front endscopper accessanywan™ gateway processorsxdsl/g.
fast transceiversfiber accesssocs for optical networking units (onu)fttp fiber to the premisefiber to moca accessfiber to g.
hn accessotherfsc® & narrowband tuners/demods.
anywan™ gateway processorsanywan™ gateway processorscable broadbandcable socscable front endscopper accessanywan™ gateway processorsxdsl/g.
fast transceivers.
anywan™ gateway processorsanywan™ gateway processors.
anywan™ gateway processors.
cable broadbandcable socscable front ends.
cable socs.
cable front ends.
copper accessanywan™ gateway processorsxdsl/g.
fast transceivers.
anywan™ gateway processors.
xdsl/g.
fast transceivers.
fiber accesssocs for optical networking units (onu)fttp fiber to the premisefiber to moca accessfiber to g.
hn accessotherfsc® & narrowband tuners/demods.
fiber accesssocs for optical networking units (onu).
socs for optical networking units (onu).
fttp fiber to the premisefiber to moca accessfiber to g.
hn access.
fiber to moca access.
fiber to g.
hn access.
otherfsc® & narrowband tuners/demods.
fsc® & narrowband tuners/demods.
connectivitywirelesswi-fi 6, wi-fi 6ewiredmocag.
hnethernet.
wirelesswi-fi 6, wi-fi 6ewiredmocag.
hnethernet.
wirelesswi-fi 6, wi-fi 6e.
wi-fi 6, wi-fi 6e.
wiredmocag.
hnethernet.
moca.
g.
hn.
ethernet.
infrastructuredata reduction & securitypanther serieswired infrastructuredata center connectivityoptical metro/long haul fiberwireless networkingradio head transceiversmicrowave & millimeter wave modemsmicrowave transceivers.
data reduction & securitypanther serieswired infrastructuredata center connectivityoptical metro/long haul fiberwireless networkingradio head transceiversmicrowave & millimeter wave modemsmicrowave transceivers.
data reduction & securitypanther series.
panther series.
wired infrastructuredata center connectivityoptical metro/long haul fiber.
data center connectivity.
optical metro/long haul fiber.
wireless networkingradio head transceiversmicrowave & millimeter wave modemsmicrowave transceivers.
radio head transceivers.
microwave & millimeter wave modems.
microwave transceivers.
power managementpower conversionldos & regulatorspower modulessmart power stagesswitching controllersswitching regulatorssystem controlssupervisorsusb power switchesvoltage referencesuniversal pmicsuniversal pmicsled lightingac step driversswitching regulators.
power conversionldos & regulatorspower modulessmart power stagesswitching controllersswitching regulatorssystem controlssupervisorsusb power switchesvoltage references.
power conversionldos & regulatorspower modulessmart power stagesswitching controllersswitching regulators.
ldos & regulators.
power modules.
smart power stages.
switching controllers.
switching regulators.
system controlssupervisorsusb power switchesvoltage references.
supervisors.
usb power switches.
voltage references.
universal pmicsuniversal pmicsled lightingac step driversswitching regulators.
universal pmicsuniversal pmics.
universal pmics.
led lightingac step driversswitching regulators.
ac step drivers.
switching regulators.
interfaceafesdata converter afebridgesgpio expandersusb ethernet bridgesethernetethernet transceivers (phy)ethernet switchesusb ethernet bridgesserial transceiverscan transceiversmultiprotocolrs232rs485/422shdslshdsl transceiversuarts8-bit/vlio uartscombo uartsi²c/spi uartslpc uartspci uartspcie uartsusb uartsvoicetelephony chipset for cpetelephony chipset for linecards (pots)chipset for integrated line testing solutions for xdsl access.
afesdata converter afebridgesgpio expandersusb ethernet bridgesethernetethernet transceivers (phy)ethernet switchesusb ethernet bridges.
afesdata converter afe.
data converter afe.
bridgesgpio expandersusb ethernet bridges.
gpio expanders.
usb ethernet bridges.
ethernetethernet transceivers (phy)ethernet switchesusb ethernet bridges.
ethernet transceivers (phy).
ethernet switches.
usb ethernet bridges.
serial transceiverscan transceiversmultiprotocolrs232rs485/422shdslshdsl transceiversuarts8-bit/vlio uartscombo uartsi²c/spi uartslpc uartspci uartspcie uartsusb uarts.
serial transceiverscan transceiversmultiprotocolrs232rs485/422.
can transceivers.
multiprotocol.
rs232.
rs485/422.
shdslshdsl transceivers.
shdsl transceivers.
uarts8-bit/vlio uartscombo uartsi²c/spi uartslpc uartspci uartspcie uartsusb uarts.
8-bit/vlio uarts.
combo uarts.
i²c/spi uarts.
lpc uarts.
pci uarts.
pcie uarts.
usb uarts.
voicetelephony chipset for cpetelephony chipset for linecards (pots)chipset for integrated line testing solutions for xdsl access.
voicetelephony chipset for cpetelephony chipset for linecards (pots)chipset for integrated line testing solutions for xdsl access.
telephony chipset for cpe.
telephony chipset for linecards (pots).
chipset for integrated line testing solutions for xdsl access.
solutionsaccesscabletelcoconnectivitygatewayrouter / switchaccess point & extenderindustrial & multi-marketautomotive infotainmentautomotive connectivityelectronic point of sale (pos)industrial connectivityindustrial pciot gateway and sbclifiinfrastructurewireless access/backhauldata center connectivityethernet switch and routeroptical metro and long haul fiberfiber to the premise (fttp)serverstorage appliance.
accesscabletelco.
cable.
telco.
connectivitygatewayrouter / switchaccess point & extender.
gateway.
router / switch.
access point & extender.
industrial & multi-marketautomotive infotainmentautomotive connectivityelectronic point of sale (pos)industrial connectivityindustrial pciot gateway and sbclifi.
automotive infotainment.
automotive connectivity.
electronic point of sale (pos).
industrial connectivity.
industrial pc.
iot gateway and sbc.
lifi.
infrastructurewireless access/backhauldata center connectivityethernet switch and routeroptical metro and long haul fiberfiber to the premise (fttp)serverstorage appliance.
wireless access/backhaul.
data center connectivity.
ethernet switch and router.
optical metro and long haul fiber.
fiber to the premise (fttp).
server.
storage appliance.
design tools.
supportpopular support linksenvironmental information (rohs, reach, ca65, halogen free)quality information (cmrt, quality policy, etc.
)product lifecycle and obsolescence informationtechnical documentation, design tools & softwareregional contactsproduct security (psirt)packaging information (msl, reel/tray/tube info)check distribution inventoryrequest samplescross referencevideo galleryterms & conditionscontact usknowledgebase (faqs)search our knowledgebase of technical and customer support questionscontact supportcreate new support ticket.
popular support linksenvironmental information (rohs, reach, ca65, halogen free)quality information (cmrt, quality policy, etc.
)product lifecycle and obsolescence informationtechnical documentation, design tools & softwareregional contactsproduct security (psirt)packaging information (msl, reel/tray/tube info)check distribution inventoryrequest samplescross referencevideo galleryterms & conditionscontact usknowledgebase (faqs)search our knowledgebase of technical and customer support questionscontact supportcreate new support ticket.
popular support links.
environmental information (rohs, reach, ca65, halogen free).
quality information (cmrt, quality policy, etc.
).
product lifecycle and obsolescence information.
technical documentation, design tools & software.
regional contacts.
product security (psirt).
packaging information (msl, reel/tray/tube info).
check distribution inventory.
request samples.
cross reference.
video gallery.
terms & conditions.
contact us.
knowledgebase (faqs).
contact support.
investorsoverviewnews / eventscompany informationfinancial informationstock datasec filingscorporate governancecorporate responsibility.
overview.
news / events.
company information.
financial information.
stock data.
sec filings.
corporate governance.
corporate responsibility.
companyabout maxlinearleadershipboard membersmanagementcareersnewsproduct newsfinancial newsmaxlinear in the newscorporate policiestradeshows & eventscontact us.
about maxlinear.
leadershipboard membersmanagement.
board members.
management.
careers.
newsproduct newsfinancial newsmaxlinear in the news.
product news.
financial news.
maxlinear in the news.
corporate policies.
tradeshows & events.
contact us.
login / register.
cross reference search.
home.
privacy policy.
privacy policy.
scope.
this statement covers only data collected through the site and not any other data collection or processing, including, without limitation, data collection practices of other web pages to which we link or data that we or our affiliates collect offline or through web sites that do not display a direct link to this statement.
occasionally, we may refer to this statement in notices and consent requests related to surveys and special-purpose web pages, for example, our careers web pages.
under such circumstances, this statement applies as modified in the particular notice or consent request (e.
g.
, with respect to types of data collected or purposes of collection).
the controller of your personal data is maxlinear inc.
(contact details are provided at the end of this privacy policy).
for purposes of the california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”) maxlinear’s policy and practice is not to sell personal data to third parties and will not discriminate against any user for exercising their rights under the ccpa.
disclosures of personal information.
we are not in the business of selling or renting your information to telemarketers and do not share your personally identifiable information with others.
we may share your information with agents and service providers who use the data only on our behalf and for our purposes under confidentiality and data processing agreements.
such agents and service providers include providers of (website hosting, website maintenance, and delivery of requested samples).
we may share your information with government authorities, law enforcement officials and with our subsidiaries and third parties as required by law or in the interest of protecting or exercising our or others’ legal rights, e.
g.
, without limitation, in connection with requests from law enforcement officials and in connection with court proceedings, or other business related purposes.
we may share or transfer your information in connection with a prospective or actual sale, merger, transfer or other reorganization of all or parts of our business.
also, we reserve the right to fully use and disclose any information collected via the site that is not in personally identifiable form.
we have in place the standard contractual clauses approved by the european commission to ensure that your personal data is adequately protected.
types of data and collection methods and retention periods.
through the site, we receive data that you actively submit as well as data that we track.
actively submitted data.
when you request information, subscribe for a service, register as a user, respond to an online survey or otherwise actively send us data, we usually collect data such as your name, email address(es), mailing address(es), telephone number(s), and certain information related to the business you represent.
in each such instance, you will know what data we collect through the site, because you actively submit it.
passively tracked data.
when you visit the site, we also passively track information on your computer and internet connection, such as the ip address of your computer and/or internet service provider, the date and time you access our web sites, the internet address of web sites from which you link to our site, the computer technology you are using and your movements and preferences on our site.
we use technology that many other web sites employ, including, without limitation, “cookies” or small data files stored on your computer’s hard drive, to collect information such as the aforementioned.
in some instances, we also use cookies to collect information in connection with future visits from that site, to recognize you as a previous visitor and to track your activity at the site.
you do not need to have cookies turned on to participate in our surveys or to visit our site.
you can refuse cookies by turning them off on your browser.
combinations.
unless you also actively submit personal information such as your name or address, passively tracked data does not typically allow us to identify you personally.
to the extent permitted by applicable law, we reserve the right to combine passively tracked data with personal data that you actively submit.
we will store your personal data for as long as is necessary to address your requests or as long as you remain an active user of our site and for three (3) years after this.
where we process your data for marketing purposes or with your consent, we will process the data until you ask us to stop the processing.
we may process your personal data for an additional period of time after you request us to cease the processing insofar as we are required to further store your data by applicable regulations.
we also keep a record of the fact that you have asked us not to send you direct marketing or to process your data so that we can respect your request in future.
collection purposes, use of data.
we collect passively tracked data primarily for purposes of administering, protecting and improving our site and our systems, to better understand the preferences of our site visitors, to identify server issues, to compile aggregated statistics about site usage, and to help personalize your experience of our site.
this processing relies on our legitimate interest in conducting our business and improving our web site and the products and services we offer.
we collect actively submitted data primarily for two purposes.
firstly, for the purpose for which you originally sent us the data (e.
g.
, to mail information to you or sign you up for a training course).
this processing relies on our legitimate interest in appropriately answer to the requests we receive from our clients or from the users of our site.
two, for purposes of informing you about products and services.
this processing relies on your consent, although you can withdraw your consent or opt out of receiving marketing email as explained below.
disclosure to third parties.
we may share information, including personal data, with third parties such as suppliers and service providers, in accordance with this privacy policy and to provide services to us.
for example.
we may share information about shipping address and preferences to our distributors and sales representatives in order to fulfill your order and deliver items to you.
we share information as needed to respond to your requests, for example for more information or for support or customer service.
we may share information as needed with third parties who provide us with analytics services that allow us to measure the effectiveness of our marketing and sales materials as well as our website traffic.
the list of third party service providers we use may change from time to time but will always be done in service of our business.
we may also share or disclose information, including personal data.
if we have permission to make the disclosure.
to enforce or apply our terms of use and other policies.
we may also share information to comply with government, legal, or regulatory requirements.
to prosecute and respond to investigations and legal proceedings.
or to protect rights, people, or property.
opt-out.
whenever we rely on your consent, you will always be able to withdraw it, although we may have other legal grounds for processing your data for other purposes.
you may also opt out of receiving additional information or request that we not share your information either with our affiliates or other third parties.
if you opt-out under such circumstances, we will respect your decision.
to optout of receiving further commercial email or to unsubscribe from services, please contact us at .
your personal data rights.
under applicable data privacy laws and depending upon our use or basis for processing, you have specific rights regarding your personal data, which may include the right to.
request information regarding your personal data, including the categories of personal data collected about you and categories of sources from which the personal data was collected.
request the business or commercial purpose for collecting personal data and the categories of third parties with whom we may share that information.
request that we correct, delete, or provide you a copy of your personal data.
object to or restrict our processing of your personal data.
and.
contact or lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection authority of your country if you have concerns about our use of your personal data.
requests regarding your personal data may be submitted to us at in order to process your request, we may need to verify your identity.
upon appropriate request  we will be glad to process your requests, but we may need to verify your identity.
please also note that these rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, or if you ask as to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interests in keeping.
applicable law may also permit or require us to retain information about you for specific purposes, such as to demonstrate compliance.
security.
transmissions over the internet are never 100% secure or error-free.
however, we take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
it is your responsibility to safeguard any password and user id you use to access the site and to notify us at if you ever suspect that this password or user id has been compromised.
you are solely responsible for any unauthorized use of the site conducted via your password and user id.
we may retain information, including your personal data, for the length of time necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, consistent with this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
children's privacy.
the site is intended for adults and business partners.
we do not intentionally or knowingly collect, personally identifiable information from children under the age of 16 and we request that individuals under the age of 16 not submit any personal information on the site.
effective date, amendments.
we reserve the right to change our privacy policy from time to time at our sole discretion.
when you visit the site, you are accepting the current version of this statement as posted on the site at that time.
we recommend that users revisit this statement on occasion to learn of any changes.
contact us.
please feel free to contact us with any comments, questions, complaints or suggestions you might have regarding the information practices described in this statement.
you may send us an email at or write to us at.
maxlinear inc.
5966 la place ct.
carlsbad, ca 92008.
privacy policy.
quality.
terms of use.
terms and conditions of sale.
social responsibilities.
