productdatabasecloud iconclouddatabase iconself-managedalign right iconingest datatools icontools and monitoringlock iconsecurityservicesuser headset iconprofessional serviceslife ring iconsupportpresentation icontrainingrequest a demoour product experts will give you a live demo and discuss your requirementslearn morearrow right iconvideolearn how singlestore works and see it in actionwatch nowarrow right icon.
solutionsuse casesanalytics iconreal-time analyticstachometer fast iconsupercharge saas appsexpand iconscale your databasedatabase iconconsolidate databasesindustrieslandmark iconfinancial servicesvideo iconmedia & communicationbolt iconenergymicrochip iconhigh techview all solutionsarrow right iconwhy singlestore.
singlestore enables companies to simplify their data architectureslearn morearrow right iconcustomer storiestrusted by leading global brands and data innovators.
view case studiesarrow right icon.
docsbuildbook icondocumentationquestion circle iconfaqcheck icontutorialspresentation icontrainingdeveloper hubbuild fast data applications with code repositories and morestart developingarrow right icon.
resourcesviewfile iconcase studieschart line iconinfographicspresentation iconwebinarsplay iconvideosreadbook iconebooksfile iconwhite papersfile iconsolution briefsnewspaper iconindustry reportsview all resourcesarrow right iconindustry reportthe gartner© magic quadrant™ for cloud database management systemsread nowarrow right icon.
communityengagecomments iconforumscode icondeveloper hubcalendar iconeventswebinarcaptain metrics.
why we ditched mongodbwatch nowarrow right icon.
companyaboutbuilding iconabout usmountain iconleadershippuzzle piece iconpartnersbriefcase iconcareersconnectblog iconblognewspaper iconnews & pressheart iconsinglestore.
orgcomment iconcontact uswe're hiringarrow right iconblog postit’s a pivotal time for data and disruption — and singlestore is leading the way in the cloudread nowarrow right icon.
pricing.
open search.
sign insign inlaptop iconportalaccess cloud & licensescomments iconforumsask the communityusers class icontrainingself-paced learninglife ring iconenterprise supportsubmit a ticket.
start freestart free.
database iconproduct.
analytics iconsolutions.
book icondocs.
file iconresources.
users iconcommunity.
building iconcompany.
dollar sign iconpricing.
user circle iconsign in.
open search.
privacy notice.
table of contents.
scope.
types of data and collection methods.
collection purposes, use of data.
sharing and disclosures of personal information.
international transfers.
eu-us privacy shield & swiss-us privacy shield.
data retention.
opt-out.
notice to california residents.
your rights and choices.
security.
legal basis for processing (eea visitors only).
changes to this notice.
contact us.
california residents.
scope.
types of data and collection methods.
information that you provide voluntarilycertain parts of our website may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily.
for example, we may ask you to provide your contact details in order to create an account, subscribe to marketing communications from us, and/or to submit inquiries to us.
we may also ask you to provide feedback or a testimonial which we may display on our website or in other promotional materials, with your agreement.
the personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
you may provide this information to us via phone calls, chats, emails, web forms, surveys, social media, and other methods of communication.
information that we collect automaticallywhen you visit our website, we may collect certain information automatically from your device.
in some countries, including countries in the european union and/or european economic area (“eu/eea”), this information may be considered personal information under applicable data protection laws.
specifically, the information we collect automatically may include information like your ip address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.
g.
, country or city-level location), and other technical information.
we may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our website, including the pages accessed and links clicked.
collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our website, where they come from, and what content on our website is of interest to them.
we use this information for our internal analytics purposes and to improve the quality and relevance of our website to our visitors.
if you arrange a call with one of our sales team the call will be recorded using gong for the purposes of training and learning.
you can request that the recording be stopped and not retained at any point during the call.
some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further in our cookie statement.
information that we obtain from third party sourcesfrom time to time, we may receive personal information about you from third party sources (including from companies that provide marketing lead information), but only where we have checked that these third parties either have your consent or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your personal information to us.
the types of information we collect from third parties include your name and contact information and we use the information we receive from these third parties to provide you with information regarding our products and services, our industry insights and other direct marketing purposes.
collection purposes, use of data.
sharing and disclosures of personal information.
vendors, consultants and other service providers.
we may share your information with third party vendors, consultants and other service providers who provide information systems or who are working on our behalf and require access to your information to carry out that work, such as to provide customer support, quality assurance, etc.
these service providers are authorized to use your personal information only to the extent necessary to assist singlestore in providing singlestore products or services.
third party applications & services.
singlestore products and services may connect you to third party applications or services.
if you choose to use any such third party applications or services, we may share information about you including your username and/or email address and such third parties may contact you directly as necessary.
this privacy notice does not apply to your use of any such third party applications and services, and we are not responsible for how those third parties collect, use and disclose your information.
we encourage you to review the privacy policies of those third parties before connecting to or using their applications or services to learn more about their information and privacy practices.
compliance with laws.
singlestore may be required to disclose personal information to authorities, law enforcement agencies, government agencies, or legal entities.
we may disclose information by law, litigation, or as a matter of national security to.
a) comply with valid legal process, including subpoenas, court orders or search warrants, or as otherwise authorized or required by law.
b) in the event of an emergency that threatens an individual's life, health, or security.
or c) to the extent permitted by applicable law in special cases in which we believe it is reasonably necessary to investigate, identify, or take preventive measures or bring legal action against someone who may commit or cause harm, fraud, abuse, or illegal conduct, such as a threat of harm to you or anyone else, interference with our rights or property, or interference with u.
s.
homeland or national security or public safety anywhere in the world.
business transfers.
singlestore may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
aggregated or anonymized data.
we may also share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you with third parties.
marketing.
in order to better understand our customers and to ensure we contact you on the products and services that you will care about we analyze pixel data from various websites hosting singlestore advertisements.
this data is then used for us to better understand our market and to focus our efforts on aligning our efforts with the people who want to hear more from us.
international transfers.
eu-us privacy shield & swiss-us privacy shield.
data retention.
opt-out.
notice to california residents.
your rights and choices.
if you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “contact us” heading below.
in addition, if you are a resident of the european union, you can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information orrequest portability of your personal information.
again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “contact us” heading below.
you have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time.
you can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you.
to opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), then please contact us using the contact details provided under the “contact us” heading below.
similarly, if we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time.
withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
you have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information.
for more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
security.
legal basis for processing (eea visitors only).
changes to this notice.
contact us.
ca addendum.
privacy notice for california residents.
to fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information.
for example, if you share your name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry.
if you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery.
we may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns (legitimate business purpose).
to provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses (explicit/implied consent).
to respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations (legal basis).
as described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the ccpa (regulatory requirement).
we will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice (explicit consent).
the categories of personal information we collected about you.
the categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
if we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing.
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased.
and.
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
comply with the california electronic communications privacy act (cal.
penal code § 1546 et.
seq.
).
engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
comply with a legal obligation.
make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
we are unable, for technical reasons, to do so.
in which case we will provide additional controls, including pseudo-anonymization, to protect your data.
provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
deny you goods or services.
charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
product.
cloud.
self-managed.
ingest data.
tools and monitoring.
security.
pricing.
request a demo.
solutions.
why singlestore.
real-time analytics.
supercharge saas apps.
scale your database.
end database sprawl.
customers.
learn.
developer hub.
forums.
events.
resources.
blog.
news.
support.
support plans.
support faq.
professional services.
documentation.
training.
company.
about us.
leadership.
careers we're hiring.
partners.
singlestore.
org.
contact us.
