my account.
my admin.
$0.
00 0 items.
privacy policy.
we collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
use of personal data.
when ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your.
name, e-mail address, phone number or credit card information.
you may, however, visit our site anonymously.
the minimum information that meshify.
app inc, requires is an e-mail address for registration and contact purposes.
we may also ask for payment and business information for invoicing purposes.
any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways.
to improve our websitewe continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
to improve customer serviceyour information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
to process transactionsyour information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
to send periodic emailsthe email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
we implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an orderwe offer the use of a secure server.
all supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via secure socket layer (ssl) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
after a transaction, your private information (credit cards, financials, etc.
) will not be stored on our servers.
cookies.
we do use cookies.
a cookie is a piece of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer as a tag that identifies your computer.
while cookies are often only used to measure website usage and effectiveness and to allow for ease of navigation or use and as such, are not associated with any personal information, they are also used at times to personalize a known visitor’s experience to a website by being associated with profile information or user preferences.
you can set your browser in most instances to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it or not.
you can also generally set your browser to turn off cookies.
since cookies allow you to take advantage of some of our websites’ features, we recommend that you leave them turned on.
if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to use any website services that require you to sign in.
consent.
by using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
home.
about.
cloud services.
downloads.
terms of service.
meshify vpn services overview.
getting started with meshify vpn service.
adding a windows host.
launch a cloud instance.
the meshify dns microservice.
my account.
search search for.
search.
cart				0.
