book a demo.
solutions∟▾our iot solutionsnext generation platform.
our iot solutions.
next generation platform.
resources∟▾use casesproduct updatesblogreturn to the office.
the future nowpodcastoccupancy indexin the newsmetrikus impact report.
2021-2022.
use cases.
product updates.
blog.
return to the office.
the future now.
podcast.
occupancy index.
in the news.
metrikus impact report.
2021-2022.
about us∟▾careers.
careers.
partners.
contact us.
log in.
privacy policy.
metrikus (we) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
this policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you when you visit  (our site), or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
please also use the glossary to understand the meaning of some of the terms used in this privacy notice.
important information and who we are.
controller.
the data controller is metrikus limited which is registered in england and wales under company number 11956145 and has its registered office at 10 arthur street, london, ec4r 9ay united kingdom.
we have appointed a data privacy manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy.
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact us using the details set out below.
our full details are.
full name of legal entity.
metrikus limited.
name or title of data privacy manager.
megs tessema.
email address.
.
postal address.
10 arthur street, london, ec4r 9ay united kingdom.
you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the information commissioner's office (ico), the uk supervisory authority for data protection issues ( we would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ico so please contact us in the first instance.
information we collect from you.
personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified.
it does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
we may collect, use, store and transfer the following data about you.
- identity data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
- contact data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
- financial data includes bank account and payment card details.
- transaction data includes details about payments to and from you.
- technical data includes internet protocol (ip) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
- profile data includes your username and password and your preferences.
- usage data includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
- marketing and communications data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences.
we may also collect, use and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose.
aggregated data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity.
for example, we may aggregate your usage data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature.
however, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
we do not collect any special categories of personal data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data).
nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
we use different methods to collect data from and about you including through.
- direct interactions.
you may give us your identity, contact and financial data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise.
this includes personal data you provide when you.
- purchase for our products or services.
- login to our products or services.
- request marketing to be sent to you.
or.
- give us some feedback.
- automated technologies or interactions.
as you interact with our website, we may automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns.
we collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies.
we may also receive technical data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies.
- third parties or publicly available sources.
we may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below.
- technical data from analytics providers such as google based outside the eu.
- contact, financial and transaction data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services based inside or outside the eu.
- identity and contact data from data brokers or aggregators based inside or outside the eu.
- identity and contact data from publicly availably sources such as companies house and the electoral register based inside the eu.
cookies.
our website uses cookies.
please go to our cookie policy for more details.
uses made of this information.
we will only use your personal data when the law allows us to.
most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances.
- where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
- where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
- where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending some direct marketing communications to you via email or text message.
you have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
purposes for which we will use your personal data.
we have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so.
we have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data.
please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
purpose/activity.
to register you as a new customer.
type of data.
(a) identity.
(b) contact.
lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest.
performance of the contract with you.
purpose/activity.
to administer contractual arrangements with you including.
(a) manage payments, fees and charges.
(b) collect and recover money owed to us.
type of data.
(a) identity.
(b) contact.
(c) financial.
(d) transaction.
(e) marketing and communications.
lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest.
(a) performance of a contract with you.
(b) necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us).
purpose/activity.
to administer and protect our business (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data).
type of data.
(a) identity.
(b) contact.
(c) technical.
lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest.
(a) necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and it services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise).
(b) necessary to comply with a legal obligation.
purpose/activity.
to deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you.
type of data.
(a) identity.
(b) contact.
(c) profile.
(d) usage.
(e) marketing and communications.
(f) technical.
lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest.
necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy).
purpose/activity.
to use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences.
type of data.
(a) technical.
(b) usage.
lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest.
necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy).
purpose/activity.
to make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you.
type of data.
(a) identity.
(b) contact.
(c) technical.
(d) usage.
(e) profile.
lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest.
necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business).
opting out.
you can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at any time.
where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase or other transactions.
change of purpose.
we will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.
if you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
if we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
disclosure of your information.
we may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table above.
- internal third parties as set out in the glossary.
- external third parties as set out in the glossary.
- specific third parties listed in the table in paragraph 4 above.
- third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets.
alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them.
if a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
we require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law.
we do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
transfers and where we store your personal data.
transfers.
we share your personal data within our associated companies.
this will involve transferring your data outside the european economic area (eea).
whenever we transfer your personal data out of the eea, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented.
- we will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the european commission.
for further details, see european commission.
adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-eu countries.
- where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the european commission which give personal data the same protection it has in europe.
for further details, see european commission.
model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries.
- where we use providers based in the us, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the privacy shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the europe and the us.
for further details, see european commission.
eu-us privacy shield.
security.
we have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.
in addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know.
they will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
we have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site.
any transmission is at your own risk.
once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
retention.
we will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
to determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
by law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including contact, identity, financial and transaction data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.
in some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data.
see request erasure below for further information.
in some circumstances, we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
your rights.
under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data.
please click on the links below to find out more about these rights.
- request access to your personal data.
- request correction of your personal data.
- request erasure of your personal data.
- object to processing of your personal data.
- request restriction of processing your personal data.
- request transfer of your personal data.
- right to withdraw consent.
if you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us.
you will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights).
however, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.
alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
we may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights).
this is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
we may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
we try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month.
occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests.
in this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.
if you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
changes to our privacy policy.
any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
glossary.
lawful basis.
legitimate interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience.
we make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests.
we do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
you can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.
performance of contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
comply with a legal or regulatory obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
third parties.
internal third parties.
other companies in our group acting as joint controllers or processors and who are currently based in the uk and the usa.
external third parties.
- service providers acting as processors based in the eea or the usa who provide it and system administration services.
- professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the eea or the usa who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
- hm revenue & customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the united kingdom and usa who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
your legal rights.
you have the right to.
request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request").
this enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
request correction of the personal data that we hold about you.
this enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
request erasure of your personal data.
this enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it.
you also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law.
note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms.
you also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
in some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
request restriction of processing of your personal data.
this enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios.
(a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy.
(b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.
(c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party.
we will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data.
however, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent.
if you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you.
we will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
contact us.
faqs.
current vacancies.
security.
iso certificates.
site terms & conditions.
standard terms & conditions.
privacy policy.
gdpr.
modern slavery statement.
get our proptech digest — the monthly proptech news roundup.
