quality.
investors.
sales contacts.
parametric search.
registered users & partners.
products & services productsaudio & voicecircuit protectiondata center solutionsdrivers, interfaces, and pcie switchesethernet and poe solutionsfpga & sochigh-reliabilityoptical networkingpower discretes & modulespower managementrf, microwave & millimeter wavetiming & synchronization servicesasic design servicesfpga & soc servicesmodule & hybrid design servicespackage miniaturization servicesrugged power supply design servicessynchronization servicesnew productpolarfire fpga familycost-optimized lowest power mid-range fpgas250 mbps to 12.
7 gbps transceivers100k to 500k le, up to 33 mbits of rambest-in-class security and exceptional reliabilitylearn more.
products.
audio & voice.
circuit protection.
data center solutions.
drivers, interfaces, and pcie switches.
ethernet and poe solutions.
fpga & soc.
high-reliability.
optical networking.
power discretes & modules.
power management.
rf, microwave & millimeter wave.
timing & synchronization.
servicesasic design servicesfpga & soc servicesmodule & hybrid design servicespackage miniaturization servicesrugged power supply design servicessynchronization services.
services.
asic design services.
fpga & soc services.
module & hybrid design services.
package miniaturization services.
rugged power supply design services.
synchronization services.
new productpolarfire fpga familycost-optimized lowest power mid-range fpgas250 mbps to 12.
7 gbps transceivers100k to 500k le, up to 33 mbits of rambest-in-class security and exceptional reliabilitylearn more.
cost-optimized lowest power mid-range fpgas.
250 mbps to 12.
7 gbps transceivers.
100k to 500k le, up to 33 mbits of ram.
best-in-class security and exceptional reliability.
applications automotiveadvanced driver assist systems (adas)body electronicsinfotainmentpowertrain & ev chargingcommercial aviationactuation systemscabin management systemcockpit avionicsengine systems & controlsrf & microwave systemscommunications5g / mobile infrastructurebroadband home / cpebroadcast videoconverged access networkenterprise infrastructuremetro / core / dci networkdata centersmachine learning appliancesmotherboard & rack infrastructure nvme storagerack scale designstorage serversstorage systemsdefenseintegrated vehicle systemsmilitary communicationsradar electronic warfareindustrialhmi (human machine interface)industrial ethernet networkingindustrial imagingmore industrial applicationsmotor controlphysical securityprogrammable logic controlsafety heritagesmart energytest, scientific and measurementmedicalmedical imagingmedical instrumentationmedical-implantable/ingestiblespaceattitude & orbit controldigital communications payloadelectrical power systemsremote sensing payloadtelemetry tracking & controltransparent rf transpondersystem solutionseducationfinancial servicesgovernmenthealthcareoil & gaspower utilitiesretailstadiums-arenastransportation.
automotive.
advanced driver assist systems (adas).
body electronics.
infotainment.
powertrain & ev charging.
commercial aviation.
actuation systems.
cabin management system.
cockpit avionics.
engine systems & controls.
rf & microwave systems.
communications.
5g / mobile infrastructure.
broadband home / cpe.
broadcast video.
converged access network.
enterprise infrastructure.
metro / core / dci network.
data centers.
machine learning appliances.
motherboard & rack infrastructure.
nvme storage.
rack scale design.
storage servers.
storage systems.
defense.
integrated vehicle systems.
military communications.
radar electronic warfare.
industrial.
hmi (human machine interface).
industrial ethernet networking.
industrial imaging.
more industrial applications.
motor control.
physical security.
programmable logic control.
safety heritage.
smart energy.
test, scientific and measurement.
medical.
medical imaging.
medical instrumentation.
medical-implantable/ingestible.
space.
attitude & orbit control.
digital communications payload.
electrical power systems.
remote sensing payload.
telemetry tracking & control.
transparent rf transponder.
system solutions.
education.
financial services.
government.
healthcare.
oil & gas.
power utilities.
retail.
stadiums-arenas.
transportation.
orderinghow to buymicrochip purchasing - find your microsemi products hereavailable stock searchorder statuscontact microchip purchasing and client services supportsales contacts.
how to buymicrochip purchasing - find your microsemi products hereavailable stock searchorder statuscontact microchip purchasing and client services supportsales contacts.
how to buy.
microchip purchasing - find your microsemi products here.
available stock search.
order status.
contact microchip purchasing and client services support.
sales contacts.
companycompanyabout usacquisitionsaviation center of excellenceawardsblogcareers corporate contactseventsin the newsinvestorslocations press releasesqualitytechnologyterms and conditionsterms of use.
companyabout usacquisitionsaviation center of excellenceawardsblogcareers corporate contactseventsin the newsinvestorslocations press releasesqualitytechnologyterms and conditionsterms of use.
company.
about us.
acquisitions.
aviation center of excellence.
awards.
blog.
careers.
corporate contacts.
events.
in the news.
investors.
locations.
press releases.
quality.
technology.
terms and conditions.
terms of use.
partnersaccelerate ecosystem partnersintellectual property partnersreference design partnerstechnology partnersempower channel partnersfind a channel partnerbecome a channel partnerpartner portal loginsolution partnerscompatible poe devicesstorage cards compatibility reportssyncworld.
accelerate ecosystem partnersintellectual property partnersreference design partnerstechnology partnersempower channel partnersfind a channel partnerbecome a channel partnerpartner portal loginsolution partnerscompatible poe devicesstorage cards compatibility reportssyncworld.
accelerate ecosystem partners.
intellectual property partners.
reference design partners.
technology partners.
empower channel partners.
find a channel partner.
become a channel partner.
partner portal login.
solution partners.
compatible poe devices.
storage cards compatibility reports.
syncworld.
supportdocuments and resourcescompatibility reports (storage cards)compatible devices (poe)development tools & softwareknowledge base (ethernet and signal integrity)knowledge base (fpga & soc)knowledge base (storage cards)product notificationstechnical articlesdesign supportfpga & soc supportmicrosemi adaptec raid/hba supportpower, small signal and protection discretes supporttiming systems supportcontact supportask a sales repproduct portalsaudio & voice portalethernet and signal integrity portalfpga & soc portalmymicrosemi partner and customer portaloptical networking portalstorage ics portal (sas/sata & switchtec pcie switches)timing ics portaltiming systems and components portalquality & packagingpackaging informationqualityreturnsfpga & soc rmapoe injectors, midspans and switches rmastorage cards rmatiming systems rmatrainingfpga & soc trainingfpga & soc webcaststiming systems webcasts.
documents and resourcescompatibility reports (storage cards)compatible devices (poe)development tools & softwareknowledge base (ethernet and signal integrity)knowledge base (fpga & soc)knowledge base (storage cards)product notificationstechnical articlesdesign supportfpga & soc supportmicrosemi adaptec raid/hba supportpower, small signal and protection discretes supporttiming systems supportcontact supportask a sales repproduct portalsaudio & voice portalethernet and signal integrity portalfpga & soc portalmymicrosemi partner and customer portaloptical networking portalstorage ics portal (sas/sata & switchtec pcie switches)timing ics portaltiming systems and components portalquality & packagingpackaging informationqualityreturnsfpga & soc rmapoe injectors, midspans and switches rmastorage cards rmatiming systems rmatrainingfpga & soc trainingfpga & soc webcaststiming systems webcasts.
documents and resources.
compatibility reports (storage cards).
compatible devices (poe).
development tools & software.
knowledge base (ethernet and signal integrity).
knowledge base (fpga & soc).
knowledge base (storage cards).
product notifications.
technical articles.
design support.
fpga & soc support.
microsemi adaptec raid/hba support.
power, small signal and protection discretes support.
timing systems support.
contact support.
ask a sales rep.
product portals.
audio & voice portal.
ethernet and signal integrity portal.
fpga & soc portal.
mymicrosemi partner and customer portal.
optical networking portal.
storage ics portal (sas/sata & switchtec pcie switches).
timing ics portal.
timing systems and components portal.
quality & packaging.
packaging information.
quality.
returns.
fpga & soc rma.
poe injectors, midspans and switches rma.
storage cards rma.
timing systems rma.
training.
fpga & soc training.
fpga & soc webcasts.
timing systems webcasts.
home.
privacy policy.
privacy policy.
effective date.
may 2018.
microsemi corporation ("microsemi") values your privacy.
in this privacy policy ("policy"), we describe how we collect, use, and disclose information, including personal information that we obtain about visitors to our website  ("website") and the services available through our website ("services").
“personal information" means any unique information or set of information that could be used to identify or contact an individual, such as the individual's name, title, mailing address, email address, phone number, employer/profession, login information, password, payment card information or other specific types of personal information.
1.
types of information and collection methods.
information submitted by you.
you may be asked to provide personal information anytime you are in contact with microsemi.
microsemi may collect personal information about you (and through third parties or other sources where permitted by law) when you interact with us, such as creating or registering for an account, using our products and services, downloading our software, requesting information, requesting notifications for service bulletin or products and services updates, participating in surveys, submitting a job application or when you otherwise actively send us data and personal information.
in each such instance, you will know what data we collected because you voluntarily submitted it.
you are not required to provide any personal information that we have requested, but if you chose not to do so, you may not be able to access certain content on our website or products and services offered or we will not be able to respond to any inquiries you may have or process your orders.
you may also submit technical information to microsemi such as designs, ideas or data, that you transmit to or post on any of our website for purposes not limited to contest participation.
such submission is considered and treated by microsemi as nonconfidential and nonproprietary.
by providing these submissions, you grant microsemi a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicensable right to disseminate, display, use, modify, copy, adapt, and translate the submission for any purpose whatsoever, whether commercial or noncommercial, throughout the world in any media.
you also grant us the right to use the name you submit in connection with your submission, if we choose.
you represent and warrant in making these submissions that you own or control all rights to these submissions, and that use of your submissions will not cause injury to any person or entity including microsemi.
you will indemnify us for all claims resulting from your submissions.
if you choose to provide microsemi with a third party's personal information (such as name, email, and phone number), you represent and warrant that you have the third party's permission to do so.
examples include forwarding reference or marketing material to a friend or sending job referrals.
information collected through third-party sourceswe may also collect information about you through our trusted third-party sources to assist us in providing product and service offerings to you.
information automatically collectedlike many other websites, microsemi uses automatic data collection tools, such as cookies, embedded web links, web beacons, gifs and other similar technologies.
these tools automatically collect certain standard information that your browser sends to our website when you visit our website or use our services, such as your domain name, your browser type, operating system, web pages you view, links you click, your ip address, the length of time you visit our website or use our services, the referring url or the webpage that led you to our website.
please see the section “cookies and similar technologies” below for more information.
combinationwe and the third parties we engaged to provide services on our behalf may combine the information we collect from you over time and across our website with personal information that you actively submit, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
2.
how we may use your information.
we may use your information for purposes of operating our business and other legitimate purposes permitted by applicable law.
we may use your personal information in the following ways.
to communicate with you about our products or services, respond to your inquiries, fulfill and process your request for our products and services, including helping you to complete transactions, process payments, and other customer service purposes.
to enable you to use certain features of our product and services.
to administer the careers portion of the website and process your application.
to better understand how visitors use our website and products and services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, in order to improve our website and products and services and for other research and analytical purposes.
to send communications to you, either from microsemi directly or from our partners, including for marketing, newsletters, promotions, customer satisfaction surveys purposes and other communications related to our business, including information about our solutions we think may interest you.
you can edit your communication preferences for receiving marketing emails as further explained below.
3.
how we share your information.
we are not in the business of selling or sharing your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes unless you have granted us permission to do so.
we may share and use your personal information as described below.
with our affiliates and subsidiaries worldwide.
with third-party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents as required to perform specific purposes on our behalf.
examples are not limited to delivering packages, processing credit card payments, checking for export compliance, and providing customer service.
they have access to customer information to perform their jobs, but may not use it for other purposes.
to geographically or sectorally relevant resellers and/or distributors, particularly if you or your company have purchased through a third party before.
these companies and persons often provide service to microsemi’s customers.
they have access to customer information to perform their jobs, which is not limited to marketing microsemi products, but may not use it for other purposes.
to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order or a subpoena other legal processes, such as requests from public and governmental authorities or law enforcement, or to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, brand protection, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our terms of use or this policy, or as otherwise required by law.
in connection with a prospective or actual sale, merger, transfer or other reorganization of all or parts of our business.
if you do not wish us to share your information as described below, you may choose not to supply any personal information to us when entering information into your account profile on our website or by not placing orders for our products and services.
we reserve the right to fully use and share information on an aggregated basis, which is not personally identifiable about the user, with third parties for marketing, advertising, research or similar purposes.
4.
we may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information.
we and our third-party service providers use cookies and other common web tracking mechanisms to track information about your use of our website and services.
we may use this information, which is collected and remains in aggregate form, to understand how visitors use our website so that we can better tailor our interactions with you when you browse our website and to improve our website.
cookiea cookie is a small data file that our website stores on your computer hard drive for record-keeping purposes.
we use cookies for website administration, such as maintaining your log-in or your preferences, to keep track of your navigation through our website and to observe your navigation across other sites in order to better match your interests to microsemi’s products and services.
most web browsers automatically accept cookies.
if you prefer not to receive cookies, you can set your browser to allow you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies.
you can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser.
although you may still use our website without the cookie, some areas or features of our website or services may not function for you.
third-party analyticswe also use automated devices and applications, such as google analytics to collect information in an anonymous form about how visitors use our website.
for information on google’s privacy policy, please visit   we also may use other analytic means to evaluate the use of our website and services and for analysis and statistical purposes.
we use these tools to help us improve our services, performance and user experiences.
these third-parties may use cookies and other tracking technologies to perform their services.
do not tracksome web browsers may let you enable a "do not track" feature that sends signals to the websites you visit, indicating that you do not want your online activities tracked.
this is different than blocking or deleting cookies, as browsers with a "do not track" feature enabled may still accept cookies.
there is currently no industry standard for how companies should respond to "do not track" signals, although one may develop in the future.
we do not respond to "do not track" requests or signals at this time.
if we do so in the future, we will describe how in this policy.
5.
how you can access and modify your personal information.
where permitted by law, microsemi will take reasonable steps to permit you to access and modify personal information that you have submitted by logging into your account and updating your profile but we reserve the right to use personal information obtained or provided previously to verify your identity or take other actions that we believe are appropriate.
you can also exercise your rights of access and request corrections, suppression or deactivation of your personal information under applicable data protection laws by contacting us directly at the email address provided below.
we make good faith efforts to honor reasonable requests to access, delete, update, suppress, or correct your data.
we will respond to your request within 30 days.
if we are unable to honor your request, we will provide you with an explanation.
please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified or deleted may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the website for a period of time.
6.
how you can manage your communications preferences.
we may send periodic promotional or informational emails to you about our products, services or our website.
you can manage your communication preference by following the instructions included in each promotional email from us to either continue to subscribe to or unsubscribe from that particular mailing or by clicking on the “stay informed” on the bottom of our website page and follow instructions.
if you chose to unsubscribe to promotional or informational emails on a particular matter, we may still send you emails about your account, on any services you have requested or received from us or other required communications in connection with our products and services.
you can also indicate your preferences for communication notifications, such as product changes or updated literature, or offers are only available electronically in your account setting on our website.
please note that even if you choose not to receive electronic communications from us, our terms and conditions and policies, such as website terms of use, privacy policy, and terms and condition will still govern your use of our website any products you purchase or samples you request.
7.
how we secure your information.
we intend to protect the personal information entrusted to us and treat it securely in accordance with this privacy statement.
we implement physical, administrative and technical safeguards to protect your personal information from misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
however, please be aware that despite our efforts, the internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure or error-free and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any personal information you provide to us.
it is your responsibility to protect against unauthorized access to your user id, password, phone number, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your user id and password private.
you must notify microsemi immediately at if you suspect that your password or user id has been compromised.
you are solely responsible for any unauthorized use of the website conducted via your password and user id.
we are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
8.
your consent to transfer and storing of data.
we keep data in california and also have servers, employees, and contractors around the united states of america and around the world in various locations.
as microsemi is a global organization, we may transfer your personal information to microsemi in the united states or to any microsemi subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide or to third parties and business partners that located in various countries around the world.
by using our website or providing any personal information to us, you fully understand and consent to the transfer, processing, and storage of such information outside of your country of residence where data protection standards may be different.
we will retain and use your personal information as needed to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected.
we will retain and use personal information as necessary to comply with our business requirements, legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements.
subject to any applicable business, legal, or regulatory requirements, we delete or erase personal information when it is no longer required to enforce our rights or meet our obligations.
9.
children's privacy.
our website and services are intended for adults.
we do not intentionally or knowingly accept, collect, use or disclose personal information from anyone under the age of 13 and we request that individuals under the age of 13 not submit any personal information on the website.
10.
link to third-party sites.
our website and services may contain links to third party websites or automatically produce search results that refer or link to other party websites.
microsemi is providing these links to you only as a convenience and the inclusion of any of these links does not constitute any endorsement by microsemi.
links to other websites are not under the control of microsemi and microsemi is not responsible for the content or the accuracy or reliability of any such contents and materials made on any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to such sites.
any access to and use of such linked sites is not governed by this policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party websites.
we are not responsible for the information and privacy practices of such third party websites.
third parties may independently collect information about their website visitors.
we cannot control the collection of this information.
your use of third-party websites is at your own risk.
if you do not want those companies to collect information about you, you should contact those companies directly.
11.
effective date, policy change.
this policy is current as of the effective date set forth above.
we reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this policy at any time and in our sole discretion.
if we decide to change our policy, we will post those changes on this page.
when you visit the website, you are accepting the current version of this policy as posted on the website at that time.
we recommend that users revisit this policy on occasion to learn of any changes.
12.
how you can contact us.
please feel free to contact us with any comments or questions you might have regarding the information practices described in this policy.
you may write to us at microsemi corporation, 1 enterprise, aliso viejo, ca 92656 or email us at.
this email address is being protected from spambots.
you need javascript enabled to view it.
13.
communicating with you.
by using our website and products and services or otherwise providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use.
for example, if we learn of a security system's breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our website, by sending an email, or otherwise contacting you.
14.
law and jurisdiction.
by visiting the website, or using any of our services, you agree that your personal information will be handled as described in this policy.
your use of our website or services and any dispute over privacy, are subject to this policy and our website terms of use, including its applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes.
microsemi terms of use are incorporated by reference into this policy.
products | applications | company | careers | investors | survey | privacy policy | terms & conditions | product disclaimer | terms of use | blog |.
our website uses cookies (including profiling cookies of authorised third parties) to give you a better browsing experience, and by continuing to use our site you accept our cookies policy.
find out more on how we use cookies and how you can change your settings by clicking here.
© 2020 microsemi, a wholly owned subsidiary of microchip technology inc.
all rights reserved.
microsemi and the microsemi logo are registered trademarks of microsemi corporation.
all other trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners.
stay informed✚.
