global.
aboutabout                  about top                backlocationshistoryhistorybackhistory tophistory of our corporate logooverview1920s-1970s1980s1990s2000s2010s2020scorporate dataorganization organization backorganization  toporganizationdirectors & executive officerspurposemanagement policycorporate strategypresident’s messageprocurement activitiesprocurement activitiesbackprocurement activities topprocurement policypurchasing processprocurement networkgreen procurementr&d / technologyr&d / technologybackr&d / technology topadvance magazineintellectual propertyresearchmaisartclarisensesustietechnology videos.
about.
locations.
historyhistorybackhistory tophistory of our corporate logooverview1920s-1970s1980s1990s2000s2010s2020s.
history.
history top.
history of our corporate logo.
overview.
1920s-1970s.
1980s.
1990s.
2000s.
2010s.
2020s.
corporate data.
organization organization backorganization  toporganizationdirectors & executive officers.
organization.
organization  top.
organization.
directors & executive officers.
purpose.
management policy.
corporate strategy.
president’s message.
procurement activitiesprocurement activitiesbackprocurement activities topprocurement policypurchasing processprocurement networkgreen procurement.
procurement activities.
procurement activities top.
procurement policy.
purchasing process.
procurement network.
green procurement.
r&d / technologyr&d / technologybackr&d / technology topadvance magazineintellectual propertyresearchmaisartclarisensesustietechnology videos.
r&d / technology.
r&d / technology top.
advance magazine.
intellectual property.
research.
maisart.
clarisense.
sustie.
technology videos.
our stories.
products & solutionsproducts & solutions                  products & solutions top                backair conditioning systemshome productsfactory automation systemsautomotive equipmentbuilding systemsenergy systemssemiconductors & devicesvisual information systemstransportation systemsinformation & communication systemsspace systemspublic systems.
products & solutions.
air conditioning systems.
home products.
factory automation systems.
automotive equipment.
building systems.
energy systems.
semiconductors & devices.
visual information systems.
transportation systems.
information & communication systems.
space systems.
public systems.
sustainabilitysustainability                  sustainability top                backpresident's messagesustainability at mitsubishi electricsustainability at mitsubishi electricbacksustainability at mitsubishi electric topmitsubishi electric's business segmentsinitiatives that contribute to addressing social issuessustainability management initiatives to create valueinitiatives to address the sdgscommunication with stakeholders initiatives related to the value chainenvironmentenvironmentbackenvironment topenvironmental sustainability vision 2050environmental report 2021fiscal 2021 environmental topicscreating a society in tune with naturerecycling technologiessocialsocialbacksocial topqualityhuman rightslabor practicessupply chain managementgovernancegovernancebackgovernance topcompliancetax policyrisk managementour approach to information securitycommunication with shareholders and investorsphilanthropic activitiesphilanthropic activitiesbackphilanthropic activities topbasic policyactivities by regionphilanthropic foundations disaster reliefabout the reportguideline comparison tablesguideline comparison tablesbackguideline comparison tables topiso26000gri standardsjapan moe guideline comparison table esg survey indexreportssustainability sitemap.
sustainability.
president's message.
sustainability at mitsubishi electricsustainability at mitsubishi electricbacksustainability at mitsubishi electric topmitsubishi electric's business segmentsinitiatives that contribute to addressing social issuessustainability management initiatives to create valueinitiatives to address the sdgscommunication with stakeholders initiatives related to the value chain.
sustainability at mitsubishi electric.
sustainability at mitsubishi electric top.
mitsubishi electric's business segments.
initiatives that contribute to addressing social issues.
sustainability management.
initiatives to create value.
initiatives to address the sdgs.
communication with stakeholders.
initiatives related to the value chain.
environmentenvironmentbackenvironment topenvironmental sustainability vision 2050environmental report 2021fiscal 2021 environmental topicscreating a society in tune with naturerecycling technologies.
environment.
environment top.
environmental sustainability vision 2050.
environmental report 2021.
fiscal 2021 environmental topics.
creating a society in tune with nature.
recycling technologies.
socialsocialbacksocial topqualityhuman rightslabor practicessupply chain management.
social.
social top.
quality.
human rights.
labor practices.
supply chain management.
governancegovernancebackgovernance topcompliancetax policyrisk managementour approach to information securitycommunication with shareholders and investors.
governance.
governance top.
compliance.
tax policy.
risk management.
our approach to information security.
communication with shareholders and investors.
philanthropic activitiesphilanthropic activitiesbackphilanthropic activities topbasic policyactivities by regionphilanthropic foundations disaster relief.
philanthropic activities.
philanthropic activities top.
basic policy.
activities by region.
philanthropic foundations.
disaster relief.
about the report.
guideline comparison tablesguideline comparison tablesbackguideline comparison tables topiso26000gri standardsjapan moe guideline comparison table.
guideline comparison tables.
guideline comparison tables top.
iso26000.
gri standards.
japan moe guideline comparison table.
esg survey index.
reports.
sustainability sitemap.
investorsinvestors                  investors top                backstock & dividendsstock & dividendsbackstock & dividends topstock informationdividend informationir calendarmanagement systemmanagement systembackmanagement system topcorporate governancebusiness and other risksir libraryir librarybackir library topfinancial resultsannual reportannual securities report / quarterly reportpresentations & eventsfactbook / financial datafinancial statementssustainability reportsshareholders' meetingbonds & ratings informationhighlightshighlightsbackhighlights topfinancial highlightscorporate strategy highlightsresults by business segmentcautionary statementinvestors sitemap.
investors.
stock & dividendsstock & dividendsbackstock & dividends topstock informationdividend information.
stock & dividends.
stock & dividends top.
stock information.
dividend information.
ir calendar.
management systemmanagement systembackmanagement system topcorporate governancebusiness and other risks.
management system.
management system top.
corporate governance.
business and other risks.
ir libraryir librarybackir library topfinancial resultsannual reportannual securities report / quarterly reportpresentations & eventsfactbook / financial datafinancial statementssustainability reports.
ir library.
ir library top.
financial results.
annual report.
annual securities report / quarterly report.
presentations & events.
factbook / financial data.
financial statements.
sustainability reports.
shareholders' meeting.
bonds & ratings information.
highlightshighlightsbackhighlights topfinancial highlightscorporate strategy highlightsresults by business segment.
highlights.
highlights top.
financial highlights.
corporate strategy highlights.
results by business segment.
cautionary statement.
investors sitemap.
careers.
newsnewsbacknews releasesevents & activities.
news.
news releases.
events & activities.
contact.
privacy policy.
home.
privacy policy.
commitment to privacy on the internet.
scope of application.
non-personal information.
personal information.
children.
notification of changes.
questions or comments.
your consent.
commitment to privacy on the internet.
mitsubishi electric corporation is sensitive to privacy issues on the internet.
this policy explains how mitsubishi electric corporation treats the information about you that we receive on the internet.
the purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you, as a visitor to our website (the "site"), what kind of information we may gather about you when you visit this site, how we may use that information, and whether we disclose it to anyone.
scope of application.
this privacy statement applies to mitsubishi electric corporation and the mitsubishi electric global website (  ).
the statement does not apply to other companies' or organizations' websites to which the site links.
non-personal information.
in general, you can visit this site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself.
however we may automatically (i.
e.
, not by registration) collect information that is not personally identifiable to help us provide better customer service.
our service automatically gathers certain information such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to the site but we do so in ways that keep that information anonymous.
this information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site and how much of the site you use, so that we can improve our site.
we do not review information on individuals themselves.
mitsubishi electric corporation may use a technology nicknamed "cookies" that indicates how and when pages in the site are visited, and by how many people.
a cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your system but does not collect personally identifiable information.
you can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it or not.
you can also set your browser to turn off cookies.
if you do so, however, some areas of some sites may not function properly.
personal information.
mitsubishi electric corporation fully complies with japan's laws and regulations, national policies and other rules concerning the protection of personal information.
personal information can be defined as any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a home or other physical address, an e-mail address or other contact information.
mitsubishi electric corporation sometimes collects personal information from its customers while conducting business activities.
on the global website, personal information is collected predominantly through the various contact/inquiry forms.
when we directly solicit personal information from you in writing, we will specify how we intend to use the information, and ask for your consent.
when we collect personal information by other means, we will announce on our website how we intend to use it.
when you provide us with personal information, we use the information to respond to and confirm your inquiry, and may keep a record of the inquiry for the same purposes.
in addition, to support our customer relationship, we may store and process personal information and share it with our worldwide subsidiaries and affiliates to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services.
at times mitsubishi electric corporation may conduct online surveys to better understand the needs and profile of our visitors.
when we conduct a survey, we will do our utmost to let you know how we will use the information collected from you.
our site may provide contests, sweepstakes or other promotions that may ask you to enter your personal information.
we will use the information you provide for the purpose of conducting the promotion, like providing customer support or contacting you if you're a winner.
mitsubishi electric corporation does not use or disclose information gathered from individual visits to the site or information that you may give us to any third parties for intention to sell, rent or otherwise market your personal information.
we may at times employ a third party service providers to perform or assist us on the on-line surveys, contests, sweepstakes or other promotions.
for example, administering the survey or promotion, compiling the data or providing customer support.
these parties will have signed a non-disclosure agreement prior to any services we initiate with them.
they will not disclose any personal information they receive from you and will only use it in order to initiate and or continue the services they are providing for us.
you have the option not to provide personal information to mitsubishi electric corporation.
if you choose not to provide the personal information we request, you can still visit most of the site, but you may be unable to access certain options, offers and services that involve our interaction with you.
click here for more information on how we manage personal information.
children.
children without the consent of their parent or guardian should not submit personal information to the site.
while few, if any, of the materials of the sites are directed towards children, mitsubishi electric corporation encourages all parents or guardians to instruct their children in the safe and responsible use of their personal information while using the internet.
notification of changes.
if mitsubishi electric corporation decides to change our privacy statement, we will post those changes on this section so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone.
questions or comments.
it is important to us to hear what visitors have to say about our services, and our policies.
if you have any questions, concerns, about this privacy statement, or anything about our off-line and on-line products and services, please contact the webmaster at 'contact us'.
your consent.
by using this site, you consent to the terms of our privacy statement and to our collecting and processing of personal information for the purposes given above.
this website provides the international information not only for the u.
s.
but also for worldwide users.
visit the local website closest to you.
follow us.
social media approved accounts.
privacy policy.
terms of use.
sitemap.
gdpr information.
go to page top.
