sql editor.
query your connected data sources with sql.
notebooks.
use python and r for advanced analysis.
visual explorer.
visualize and explore datasets.
reports & dashboards.
present and share customizable data visualizations.
resource center.
the data scientist toolbox.
blog.
we actually work pretty hard on this.
learn sql.
answer data questions with sql.
learn python.
analyze business data with python.
product.
query your connected data sources with sql.
use python and r for advanced analysis.
explore and visualize large datasets with ease.
reports & dashboards.
present and share customizable data visualizations.
resources.
the data scientist toolbox.
we actually work pretty hard on this.
answer data questions with sql.
analyze business data with python.
company.
mode privacy policy.
last modified.
august 12, 2020.
this privacy policy describes the personal information and certain other information that we obtain through the mode    website (the “site”) or through our data analysis product available on this site (the “service”), as well as how we    use such information, the means by which we maintain it, and the choices you have about the information.
please read    this privacy policy carefully.
note that by accessing this site or the service, you accept the practices and terms set forth in this privacy policy.
if you do not agree to the terms of this privacy policy, please do not use the site or the service.
1.
collection of personal information.
when you use our services, we may collect or receive personal information about you to provide our services and    operate our business.
the types of personal information that we may collect about you are.
information you provide to us directly.
user profile – when you sign up for your mode account, we collect basic information about        you.
this includes information such as name, email address, and password.
you may also set up your profile on the        service and submit certain information to be displayed on your profile.
this may include a photo of you, a short        bio, links to your presence on other social media sites, and other information that you think other users might want        to know about you.
the information that you submit for display in your profile, including any personal information,        will be viewable by other users of the service.
uploaded content – as a registered user you may upload data to the service or post various        queries, comments, analyses and other content on the data or work made available on the service by other users.
this        content that you provide to the service (“your content”) will be viewable by other users of the service in        accordance with the privacy settings that you specify when uploading, posting or otherwise creating your content on        the service in either mode’s public or private function, as described in our terms of service.
for avoidance of doubt,         your content on the service in mode’s public function is deemed a contribution to the community and mode will treat such         information as public information.
payment information – when you register for the premium service, which is described more        fully in our terms of service, we may collect all the information necessary to        complete the transaction, including your name, credit card information, billing information and shipping        information.
surveys or promotions – from time-to-time, we invite our customers and users to        participate in surveys, promotions or contests.
when a customer or a user participates, we request certain personal        information such as name and email address.
correspondence - if you correspond with us via email, we may gather in a file specific to        you the information that you submit.
this includes information provided for support purposes.
information collected automaticallywe also may receive and store certain information about you and your device(s) automatically when you access or use        our site and service.
this information may include.
we also may receive and store certain information about you and your device(s) automatically when you access or use        our site and service.
this information may include.
technical information – we collect technical information associated with your activity        on our site and may include information related to your browser and operating system, ip address (the internet        address of your computer) unique device identifiers, and other information such as your device type.
site usage information – we collect information to better understand customer traffic        patterns and site usage.
this may include the webpage that you were visiting before accessing our site or mobile        application, the pages or features of our site or mobile application you browsed to inform us which part of our        site, app and service you visit and how much time you spend there.
site preferences and cookies – we collect information about your preferences to make        your use of the site more productive through the use of cookies.
cookies are intended to make using the service        and this site easier by, among other things, saving your preferences for you.
for details of how we use cookies        for this purpose, please review our cookie          policy.
information collected from third-party serviceswe implement certain third-party offerings in the service, enabling such third parties to collect information about        you or your online activities across different websites and over time through your use of the service.
this includes        enrichment information in support of direct marketing campaigns.
information collected may include, but is not        limited to, personal information such as demographic data, social media profiles, and contact information.
we implement certain third-party offerings in the service, enabling such third parties to collect information about        you or your online activities across different websites and over time through your use of the service.
this includes        enrichment information in support of direct marketing campaigns.
information collected may include, but is not        limited to, personal information such as demographic data, social media profiles, and contact information.
2.
use of your personal information.
we may use the information we collect or receive about you for various purposes.
to provide you with our serviceswe use your information to provide you the service.
for example, we use credit card information to complete a        transaction and this information may be shared with third party vendors who process and fulfill your purchases.
when        you submit credit card numbers, the information is processed by our third party vendors.
we use your information to provide you the service.
for example, we use credit card information to complete a        transaction and this information may be shared with third party vendors who process and fulfill your purchases.
when        you submit credit card numbers, the information is processed by our third party vendors.
to maintain, improve, and personalize the serviceswe use technical information about your visits for diagnostic and statistical purposes and to administer our service.
your usage information is used to analyze and improve our site and to provide our customers with a better user        experience.
we may use your site preferences in aggregate form to help diagnose problems with the site and service,        and to improve and personalize the service.
for example, we may use cookies to deliver content tailored to your        interests.
we use technical information about your visits for diagnostic and statistical purposes and to administer our service.
your usage information is used to analyze and improve our site and to provide our customers with a better user        experience.
we may use your site preferences in aggregate form to help diagnose problems with the site and service,        and to improve and personalize the service.
for example, we may use cookies to deliver content tailored to your        interests.
to communicate with youwe may also use the information you provide to communicate with you, provide recommendations, and to promote the        service, unless you inform us that you opt out from receiving such communications.
we may also use the information you provide to communicate with you, provide recommendations, and to promote the        service, unless you inform us that you opt out from receiving such communications.
for our business purposeswe may use your information for any other purpose disclosed to you at the time we collect or receive the information,        or otherwise with your consent.
we may use your information for any other purpose disclosed to you at the time we collect or receive the information,        or otherwise with your consent.
3.
sharing of your personal information.
we may disclose personal or other information collected about you through the service or this site in any of the    following situations.
authorized users of the service.
in furtherance of providing the service, mode may disclose certain      information collected about you through the service to other users of the service authorized to receive such      information.
affiliates and service providers.
we may disclose information that we collect about you to our corporate affiliates, and to third-party      contractors who perform services for mode in connection with the site and/or the service or to complete or confirm a      transaction that you conduct with us.
we contractually require these affiliates and third parties to keep personal      information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
as noted, information      about you collected by third-party services integrated with the site or the service will be disclosed to such third      parties.
other users of the service and the public.
we may provide functionality that enables you to disclose       personal information to other users of the service or the public.
for example, any information submitted using mode’s       public function will be accessible by other service users and the public.
we do not control how other users or the public       may use any personal information that you make available.
in aggregate.
we may disclose the results of aggregated data about you and other users without      restriction.
in these situations, we do not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to      personally identify you.
corporate transaction.
we may disclose information about you as part of a merger, acquisition or      other sale or transfer of all or substantially all of mode's assets or business (or a potential corporate transaction).
when required by law.
we may disclose information about you to the government or to third parties      under certain circumstances when legally obligated to do so.
we reserve the right to release information collected      through the service or this site to law enforcement, public authorities or other government officials as deemed      necessary in our sole discretion.
enforce our terms.
we may disclose any information that we believe is necessary to enforce or apply      our terms of service and other agreements.
or to protect the rights, property, or safety of mode, our employees, our      users, or others.
with your consent.
we may disclose information for any other purpose with your consent.
4.
security of your information.
security is very important to us.
we encourage you to read our security documentation, available here.
to help protect the privacy of data we collect through the service, we employ measures intended to be consistent with    industry best practices for security and encryption in data transmission and storage.
however, you should keep in    mind that the site and the service are run on software, hardware and networks, any component of which may, from time    to time, require maintenance or experience problems or breaches of security beyond our control.
we process payments    securely using an industry-accepted payment gateway, and do not store any billing information on our own servers.
please also be aware that despite our best efforts to ensure the security of your data, we cannot guarantee that    your information will be 100% secure.
please recognize that protecting your personal information is also your responsibility.
we urge you to take every    precaution to protect your information when you are on the internet, such as using a strong password which is a    combination of letters and numbers.
if you have reason to believe that the security of your account might have been    compromised (for example, your password has been leaked), or if you suspect someone else is using your account,    please let us know immediately.
5.
data retention.
mode will retain your personal information only for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes described in    this privacy policy.
please be aware that we may also be required to retain your personal information for legal and    accounting reasons.
in addition, for our records, we may retain original and updated information for reasons such as    technical constraints, dispute resolution, fraud prevention, troubleshooting and agreement enforcement, or in other    cases where we reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.
6.
your rights.
we believe that privacy is a right for every user, and we therefore provide you with a set of rights that you can    exercise.
right to know – you have the right to know the personal information we collect, use,      disclose, and sell about you.
this includes the right to know the categories of personal information that we have      collected.
the categories of sources.
the business or commercial purposes for which we process your personal information.
and the      categories of recipients with whom we have shared your personal information.
whether we have disclosed your personal information       for a business purpose, and if so, the categories of personal information received by each category of third party recipient.
and whether we’ve sold your personal information, and if so, the categories of personal information received by each category       of third party recipient.
right to access - you have the right to receive your personal information in a structured, commonly used and      machine-readable format and the right to transmit your personal information to another service provider without      hindrance from mode.
right to delete – you have the right to request that we delete any personal information we      have collected from you or maintain about you.
we may save personal information when permitted by applicable law      including, without limitation, when the information is needed for a legal purpose or as required under our terms of      service.
right to update and correct – if you are a registered user you may modify and correct certain of your personal      information.
this includes the addition or removal of certain personal information (except your name, email address,      username and password, which we require of all users to maintain their accounts), as well as your preferences for      the types of communications you receive from us.
right to opt-out of the sale – mode does not sell or rent any of your personal information to third parties including that of      minors under the age of sixteen (16).
while mode does not consider the use of advertising cookies on our site as a sale,       you have the right to opt out of it.
right to non-discrimination – mode will not discriminate against those who exercise their      rights.
specifically, if you exercise your rights, we will not deny you service, charge you different prices for it      or provide you a different level or quality of service.
right to object or restrict - at any time, you may object to the processing of your personal      information, or request us to restrict it, on legitimate grounds, except if otherwise permitted by applicable law.
if you would like to exercise your rights regarding access, deletion, or sale of your information, you may submit a data subject access or do not sell request     here.
if you would like to opt-out of tracking, please review our cookie policy     to adjust your preferences.
to exercise any other rights, you can send us your request at the email or postal address     provided below in “contact us” section.
we reserve the right to confirm your identity in order to process your requests.
please note that these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted or required by law.
7.
third party sites.
this privacy policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information collected from you by mode through this site    or the service.
you should be aware that when you are using the site or the service, you may be directed to other    websites that are beyond our control or be interfacing with third-party integrated services.
we would expect most,    if not all, of these third parties will collect information about you when you use their offerings.
however, mode is    not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties, regardless whether they are linked or otherwise    connected to this site or the service.
we encourage you to read the posted privacy policy whenever interacting with    any third-party website or other offering.
8.
children.
the service and this site are not directed to children under 13.
if you learn that your minor child has provided us    with personal information without your consent, please contact us.
9.
california residents.
pursuant to the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (“ccpa”), below is a summary of the personal information for the preceding 12 months that we    collect about “consumers” as defined under the ccpa, the business or commercial purposes for which we collect this personal information (“why we collect personal information”), where we obtain    this personal information (“sources of personal information”), and the categories of third parties with whom we may share consumer personal information (“to whom may we disclose personal information”).
the section    references relate to the sections above in this privacy policy.
we have not sold your personal information in the preceding 12 months.
personal information collected.
sources of personal information.
why we collect personal information.
to whom may we disclose personal information.
identifiers such as a name, address, unique personal identifier, email, phone number.
section 1.
section 2.
section 3.
commercial information such as records of products or services purchased,          obtained, or considered as well as records of surveys, promotions and correspondence.
section 1.
section 2.
section 3.
internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing          history and search history.
section 1.
section 2.
section 3.
financial information such as your payment card information.
section 1.
section 2.
section 3.
inferences such as how you interact with our service.
section 1.
section 2.
section 3.
10.
non-us residents.
international transferswe are a global business based in the united states, and we may transfer data globally to be processed by us or our        service providers in order to provide the service to you or for such other purposes as set forth in this policy.
if        you are not a resident of the u.
s.
, you hereby consent and agree that we may collect, process, use, and store your        information, as discussed in this policy, outside your resident jurisdiction, including in the u.
s.
please be aware        that u.
s.
law and the laws of other countries where we may store and process your information may offer different        levels of protection for information than may be available in your country.
if we transfer your information, as discussed in this policy, out of europe to a country not deemed by the european         commission to provide an adequate level of personal data protection, the transfer will be performed.
pursuant to the recipient’s compliance with the standard contractual clauses or binding corporate rules.
pursuant to the consent of the individual to whom the personal data pertains.
oras otherwise permitted by applicable european data protection law requirements.
you may contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your information out of europe.
we are a global business based in the united states, and we may transfer data globally to be processed by us or our        service providers in order to provide the service to you or for such other purposes as set forth in this policy.
if        you are not a resident of the u.
s.
, you hereby consent and agree that we may collect, process, use, and store your        information, as discussed in this policy, outside your resident jurisdiction, including in the u.
s.
please be aware        that u.
s.
law and the laws of other countries where we may store and process your information may offer different        levels of protection for information than may be available in your country.
if we transfer your information, as discussed in this policy, out of europe to a country not deemed by the european         commission to provide an adequate level of personal data protection, the transfer will be performed.
pursuant to the recipient’s compliance with the standard contractual clauses or binding corporate rules.
pursuant to the consent of the individual to whom the personal data pertains.
or.
as otherwise permitted by applicable european data protection law requirements.
you may contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your information out of europe.
gdpr and dpamode is committed to compliance with the european union’s general data protection regulation (“gdpr”) as applicable.
if you or your organization is required under the gdpr to enter into a data processing agreement (dpa) with mode,        you may review it at .
mode is committed to compliance with the european union’s general data protection regulation (“gdpr”) as applicable.
if you or your organization is required under the gdpr to enter into a data processing agreement (dpa) with mode,        you may review it at .
11.
governing law.
by choosing to use the site or the service or otherwise provide information to mode, you agree that any dispute over    privacy or the terms contained in this privacy policy will be governed by the law of the state of california.
you    also agree to abide by any limitation on damages contained in our terms of service or another agreement that we have    with you.
this does not prevent consumers in the european union from bringing a claim to enforce their consumer    rights in relation to this policy in their local courts.
12.
changes.
mode reserves the right to update or modify this privacy policy from time to time, with any such changes to be    effective prospectively.
please visit this page periodically so that you will be apprised of any such changes.
your    continued use of the service or the site after any modification to this privacy policy will constitute your    acceptance of such modification.
13.
contact us.
we have appointed a data protection officer (“dpo”) who is responsible for overseeing our privacy practices.
if you    have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, or wish to exercise your rights,    please contact our dpo by.
mail.
mode analytics, attn.
data protection officer, 208 utah st.
, suite 400, san francisco, ca 94103.
or by e-mail at .
and we will work with you towards a resolution.
if you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed,    you can also submit your complaint to privacy trust, an independent third party, by visiting this page.
finally, eu residents may submit a     complaint to the data protection regulator in their jurisdiction.
you can find your data protection regulator here.
questions.
contact.
208 utah street, suite 400                san francisco ca 94103.
© mode analytics, inc.
2018.
terms of service.
privacy policy.
product.
compare plans.
sql editor.
notebooks.
visual explorer.
reports & dashboards.
embedded analytics.
customers.
integrations.
security.
resources.
resource center.
learn sql.
learn python.
blog.
data newsletter.
help & support.
developer.
visual explorer field guides.
example gallery.
glossary.
roi calculator.
release notes.
partnerships.
company.
about us.
team.
values.
careers.
contact us.
status page.
