investors.
newsroom.
csr.
esg.
culture.
contact.
france.
germany.
privacy policy.
home.
privacy.
privacy notice.
mphasis is committed to protecting your privacy.
this privacy notice explains the use and protection of personal information collected by mphasis.
it applies to any personal information you provide to mphasis and, subject to local law, any personal information we collect from other sources.
throughout this privacy notice, "(mphasis)" refers to mphasis, including its affiliates and subsidiaries (also referred to as "we", "us", or "our").
.
data collection.
we may collect personal information such as your personal details and contact details.
mphasis may also collect "sensitive" personal information about you when you voluntarily provide this information or where such information is required for us to respond to your request for products or services or permitted to be collected by law or professional standards.
sensitive personal information (spi) includes personal information regarding a person's, physical or mental health, genetic data, biometric data.
individuals should use their discretion when providing sensitive information to mphasis.
when you provide information that enables us to respond to your request for products or services, we will, wherever permissible by relevant laws, collect, use, and disclose this information to third parties including clients both prospective and existing ensuring strict confidentiality and adhering to appropriate security standards for the purposes described in this notice.
this includes collecting information when you.
visit mphasis websitesin some instances, mphasis automatically collects personal information pertaining to you when you visit our websites and through e-mails that we may exchange with you.
we may use automated technologies including the use of web server logs to collect ip addresses, "cookies" and web beacons.
the collection of this information will allow us to improve the effectiveness of mphasis websites and our marketing activities.
by using mphasis websites, associated microsites and mobile applications, you agree to the processing of your information as explained in this notice.
mphasis websites may contain links to other sites which are outside our control and are not covered by this notice.
we encourage you to review the privacy statement/notice of each website you visit provided on mphasis websites and satisfy the need for providing personal information of any kind.
engage with mphasis through social mediayou can engage with us through social media websites or through features on mphasis websites that integrate with social media sites.
when you engage with us through social media sites, you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile based upon your privacy preference settings on such platform.
access our websites through mobile devicesif you access our websites on your mobile device, we may also collect your personal information, device information, location details, contact information, network information and other details.
when you provide us your mobile phone number, you consent to the use of your mobile phone number for the purposes identified in this notice.
if you choose to refrain from receiving any text notifications from us on your mobile, we will not be using your mobile number for such purposes unless required to meet legal requirements or for legitimate business purposes.
we do not collect more information from you than what is required for us to fulfil our stated purposes and will not retain your information for longer than what is necessary.
purpose of collection and use of collected datathe personal information we collect for the purpose of and that may be used to.
• provide information and services as requested by you• assess queries, requirements, and process requests for products and services• perform client communication, service, billing and administration• conduct data analysis• execute monitoring• share it with affiliated entities/subsidiaries/branch offices for legitimate business purposes• share it with statutory authorities, government institutions or other bodies for compliance with legal requirements• market products and services based on legitimate business interest under the applicable law or• conduct processing necessary to fulfill other contractual obligations for the individual.
with your consent, we may also use your personal information for additional purposes.
instances where sensitive personal information is collected will warrant explicit consent.
unless it is necessary for our legitimate business purposes, should you choose not to provide any personal information during certain activity, you will be able to continue with such activity wherever possible.
we do not seek to collect personal information of children under the age defined in respective and applicable jurisdiction(s).
if ever such children data is collected for the purpose of the services or products requested by you, we will secure explicit consent from the parent or legal guardian for the legitimate process.
disclosure to third partiesmphasis does not share personal information about you with non-affiliated companies except.
(a) to provide products or services you've requested.
(b) when we have your permission.
or (c) under the following circumstances.
• we provide the information to trusted entities who work on behalf of or with mphasis under strict confidentiality agreements.
these entities may use your personal information to help mphasis communicate with you about offers from mphasis and for other legitimate business purposes.
however, these companies do not have any independent right to further share or disseminate this information• we share information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims• we share information with our clients both prospective and existing under strict confidentiality agreements and ensuring adherence to appropriate security standards and safeguards• where it is necessary to share the information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action against any illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required by law• where it is necessary to share the information in order to protect or enforce mphasis' rights, usage terms, intellectual or physical property or for safety of mphasis or associated parties• we may share information about you if mphasis is acquired by or merged with another company.
data transfer mphasis may transfer certain personal information across geographical borders to mphasis entities or service providers in other countries working on our behalf in accordance with applicable law.
mphasis may transfer your personal information to any other body corporate or a person in any country that ensures the "same level of data protection" as applicable data protection laws and regulations.
when you provide us with your information or use our websites, we may collect, transfer, store, and process your information.
these transfers are governed by european union (eu) standard contractual clauses or equivalent data transfer agreements to protect the security and confidentiality of personal information.
preferencesmphasis takes reasonable steps to keep your personal information accurate and complete.
you can access or update your personal information in the following ways.
profileif you have created a profile or account on one of our websites, you can update your contact information after you log into your account.
newslettersif you request electronic communications, such as an e-newsletter, you will be able to unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions included in the communication.
mobile devicesif you previously chose to receive push notifications on your mobile device from us but no longer wish to receive them, you can manage your preferences either through your device or the application settings.
if you no longer wish to have any information collected by the mobile application, you may uninstall the application by using the uninstall process available on your mobile device.
cookiesa "cookie" is a small piece of text that a website places in the cookie file of your browser and that allows the site to remember who you are.
cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
mphasis only uses cookies in accordance with applicable laws.
cookies by themselves do not provide email address or otherwise identify an individual browsing through the website.
mphasis uses cookies to compile aggregate statistics to help us determine areas of preference of a visitor.
if an individual subsequently registers with mphasis website, the information may be linked to a cookie in order to enhance and personalize the online experience (e.
g.
, by welcoming an individual when he or she returns to the website).
the choice of deciding whether to accept or refuse cookies will be the responsibility of the individual.
the browser can be set to reject cookies or notify presence of cookies.
note.
mphasis website may not function at desired efficiency levels or you may not experience some of the website features fully if the cookie is disabled or refused.
emailcontact us at the e-mail listed in the "contact us" section at the bottom of this notice.
please include your current contact information, the information you are interested in accessing and your requested changes.
we will provide you access to the personal information requested, subject to reasonable limitations provided by law, unless it infringes on the privacy of other individuals.
if we do not provide you with access, we will provide you with the reason for refusal and inform you of any exceptions relied upon.
data protectionmphasis has implemented reasonable physical, technical and administrative security measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction.
our service providers and agents are bound to maintain the confidentiality of personal information and may not use the information for any unauthorized purpose.
mphasis will ensure through formally executed contracts that the service providers are committed to "same level of data protection" as required under applicable data protection laws and regulations.
data retentionwe retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the services you have requested, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our policies.
exercise your rightswe respect your right to be informed, access, correct, request deletion or request restriction, portability, objection, and rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling, in our usage of your personal information as required by applicable law.
we also take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate and up to date and deleted when data is no longer required.
your rights are subject to defined conditions and feasibility to exercise such rights and subject to geo locations applicability.
• you have the right to know what personal information we maintain about you subject to availability• we will provide you with a copy of your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format on request subject to availability• if your personal information is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to ask us to update it• you have the right to object to our processing of your personal information only if the data is processed• you can also ask us to delete or restrict how we use your personal information, but this right is determined by applicable law and may impact your access to some of our services• you can have the right to access your personal information which may vary from visitor to visitor• you have a right to object to processing of your personal information where it is so conducted by automated means and involves any kind of decision-making subject to discovery that your data was used for automated means.
california consumer privacy act – specific notice for california residentsif you are a resident of california state, references to the ccpa will be applicable to you.
this notice in its entirety complies with the ccpa notices requirement.
mphasis may collect your personal information as is necessary when you visit our website or social media sites to obtain information about our products or services for personal and professional use.
the collected information about yourself will be used, disclosed and retained by mphasis as detailed in this privacy notice in various paragraphs mentioned above.
please note -we do not sell your personal information that is collected in this website for direct marketing purpose or for any commercial purpose.
however, if you have any question or concern about our compliance with ccpa, please contact us as mentioned below.
contact us.
if you have any questions or complaints about this notice, our privacy and information handling practices, you can contact our data protection officer through the following details.
-.
name of the data protection officer.
richa johri gupta.
e-mail id.
legal.
privacy policy.
cookie policy.
sitemap.
terms of use.
© 2022 mphasis.
all rights reserved.
