cart.
hardwarewireless systemsmanaged, secure, small office wireless building to building wireless workstations servers network attached storage office surveillance unified threat management.
wireless systemsmanaged, secure, small office wireless building to building wireless.
managed, secure, small office wireless.
building to building wireless.
workstations.
servers.
network attached storage.
office surveillance.
unified threat management.
home & office automation.
repair servicespc / laptop repair services iphone / smartphone repair mac service centre.
pc / laptop repair services.
iphone / smartphone repair.
mac service centre.
support servicesassessment and audit internet failover virtual it department systems monitoring.
assessment and audit.
internet failover.
virtual it department.
systems monitoring.
web design & hosting.
contact.
privacy policy.
who we are.
our website address is.
.
what personal data we collect and why we collect it.
comments.
when visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s ip address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
an anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the gravatar service to see if you are using it.
the gravatar service privacy policy is available here.
after approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
media.
if you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (exif gps) included.
visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
contact forms.
we collect the following information about you when you complete a form on our website.
full name.
company name.
email address.
telephone number.
other information you supply relevant to your enquiry.
cookies.
if you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies.
these are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment.
these cookies will last for one year.
if you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies.
this cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
when you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices.
login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year.
if you select “remember me”, your login will persist for two weeks.
if you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
if you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser.
this cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post id of the article you just edited.
it expires after 1 day.
please see our cookie policy for more information.
embedded content from other websites.
articles on this site may include embedded content (e.
g.
videos, images, articles, etc.
).
embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
these websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
analytics.
like most websites, our website uses google analytics.
this tool collects information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
we use this information to better understand how visitors find us and how they interact with our website.
we can use this to make adjustments to our website, to deliver a better user experience.
who we share your data with.
we do not share your data with any other parties.
how long we retain your data.
if you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely.
this is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
for users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile.
all users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username).
website administrators can also see and edit that information.
what rights you have over your data.
if you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us.
you can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you.
this does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
to see what (if any) data we hold for you please click here.
where we send your data.
visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
our contact information.
if you have any queries regarding your personal data, please contact us.
connect with us.
latest news.
warning.
august 25, 2016.
wi-fi boost.
april 7, 2016.
contact us.
we use cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
cookie overview.
strictly necessary cookies.
this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible.
cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
you can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.
read our full cookie policy to find out more.
strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences.
this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
