about.
partners.
focus areas.
cybersecurity.
workforce.
projects.
factory floor.
events.
news.
you are using an out-of-date browser.
for full website functionality, please migrate to chrome, firefox, safari, or any other maintained browser.
privacy policy.
effective july 13, 2018.
this privacy policy describes the steps that ui labs d/b/a mxd usa (“mxd”) takes to protect the privacy and security of personal data and other information (“other information”) that we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, access, and request deletion of your information.
to the extent that information is associated with an identified or identifiable natural person and is protected as personal data under applicable data protection law, it is referred to in this privacy policy as “personal data.
”.
we periodically update this privacy policy as laws, regulations, and industry standards evolve and as needed to reflect changes in our business, so we encourage you to review the privacy policy periodically to remain informed about mxd’s information practices.
if mxd makes changes that materially alter your privacy rights, we will provide an additional notice, such as via email or through the services.
should you wish us to remove your personal data, please contact us at .
applicability of this privacy policy.
this privacy policy applies to mxd’s online tools and platforms, including the member portal and mxd’s other websites, including *uilabs.
org, *mxdusa.
org, *dmdii.
org, *portal.
dmdii.
org, and *auth.
dmdii.
org (the “services”) and other interactions you may have with mxd.
if you do not agree with the terms of this policy, do not access or use the services.
collection of information.
user information.
mxd collects certain information that you provide directly.
for example, mxd may collect information when you create an account, participate in interactive features of the services, become or participate as a member of a platform, apply for a job, fill out a form, communicate with mxd via third party social media sites, post digital project content, make a purchase, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with mxd.
such user information includes user names, company names, contact details, email addresses, phone numbers, fax numbers, locations, payment transaction information and any other information you choose to provide.
additional information we collect when you use the services.
when you access a mxd website, mxd automatically collects information about you, which may include.
▪ log information.
log information about use of the services, including the type of browser used, access times, pages viewed, the user’s ip address and the page the user visited before navigating to the mxd website.
▪ device information.
information about the computer or mobile device used to access mxd’s website, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information.
▪ information collected by cookies and other tracking technologies.
cookies and web beacons.
cookies are small data files stored on a user’s hard drive or in device memory that help mxd improve its websites and user experience, see which areas and features of the mxd website are popular and count visits.
web beacons are electronic images that may be used in the services or emails to help deliver cookies, count visits and understand usage and campaign effectiveness.
▪ additional information provided to mxd.
we may receive other information when submitted to our websites, or if you participate in a focus group, activity or event, apply for a job, request support, interact with our social media accounts or otherwise communicate with mxd.
information mxd collects from other sources.
mxd may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information collected through the services.
use of information.
mxd may use information about you for various purposes, including to.
▪ create your account.
▪ provide, maintain and improve the services.
▪ provide and deliver the products and services you request, process transactions and send you related information, including confirmations and invoices.
▪ send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages.
▪ respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service.
▪ communicate with you about services and events offered by mxd and others, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you.
▪ monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with the services.
▪ detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent and illegal activities, acceptable use policy violations, contract violations, and/or to protect the rights and property of mxd and others.
▪ respond to a demand by court order or as otherwise required by law, legal process or regulation.
▪ link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service.
and.
▪ carry out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected.
if information is aggregated or de-identified so that it is no longer reasonably associated with an identified or identifiable natural person, we may use it for any business purpose.
retention of information.
mxd will retain your personal data in accordance with your instructions, including any applicable terms in the user terms of service and as required by applicable law.
mxd may retain information pertaining to you for as long as necessary for the purposes described in this privacy policy.
this may include keeping your information after you have deactivated your account for the period of time needed for mxd to pursue legitimate interests, conduct audits, comply with (and demonstrate compliance with) legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
sharing of information.
we may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this privacy policy.
▪ between and among users of a platform if the information is shared by you on a member directory for one of those platforms and is viewable by other users of that platform.
▪ with vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf and to help us understand and improve the use of the services, such as google analytics, subject to obligations consistent with this privacy policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
▪ when you participate in the interactive areas of the services, certain information about you may be displayed publicly on our websites and on third-party sites, such as your posts, comments, username, and other information you choose to provide.
▪ if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request.
▪ if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of mxd or others.
▪ between and among mxd’s current and future affiliates, members, subsidiaries and other companies under common control and ownership.
and.
▪ with your consent or at your direction.
we may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
mxd may include links to the external social networks in providing the services.
the external social network websites are maintained by them and links to these sites will be made clearly visible on our website through the use of their logo and/or an identifying add-on (e.
g.
, facebook “like” button).
if you click on these links, plug-ins may be activated, your browser may establish a direct link with the social network servers, and information concerning your visit to our website may be passed to the social network.
security.
the security of your user information is important to mxd.
mxd takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
please take note that data transmission across the internet may not be secure as it is impossible to safeguard completely against unauthorized access by third parties.
age limitations.
to the extent permitted by applicable law, mxd precludes use of our services by anyone younger than 16 years old.
by accessing the services, you represent that you are at least 16 years old.
you may not access or use the services for any purpose if the representation in the preceding sentence is not true.
if you learn that anyone younger than 16 has unlawfully provided us with personal data, please contact us and we will take steps to delete such information.
transfer of information to the u.
s.
and other countries.
mxd is based in the united states and the information we collect is governed by u.
s.
law.
by accessing or using the services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing, transfer and storage of information in and to the u.
s.
and other countries, where you may not have the same rights and protections as you do under local law.
your rights.
users located in certain countries, including the european economic area, have certain statutory rights in relation to their personal data.
subject to any exemptions provided by law, you may have the right to request access to information, as well as to seek to update, delete or correct this information.
you can do this by contacting us at you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate supervisory authority.
account information.
you may update or correct your online account information by logging into your account and updating your information.
you may also deactivate your account.
note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.
we may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period.
cookies.
most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default.
if you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies.
removing or rejecting browser cookies does not necessarily affect third party flash cookies used in connection with our services.
please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our services.
promotional communications.
you may opt out of receiving promotional emails from mxd by following the instructions in such promotional emails.
if you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or about ongoing business relations.
contact us.
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at .
about.
focus areas.
factory floor.
projects.
partners.
events.
careers.
contract opportunities.
contact us.
privacy policy.
