home.
home.
spins.
spins.
promote your music.
promote your music.
tastemakers sign up.
tastemakers sign up.
our tastemakers.
our tastemakers.
magazine.
magazine.
become a partner.
become a partner.
more.
more.
mysphera's privacy policy.
we are committed to respecting and protecting the privacy rights of our users, and we created this privacy policy to give you notice of how your private information will (and will not) be used by us.
this privacy policy provides information on our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from (1) companies and individuals who use the service provided by us and (2) visitors who simply browse the web site.
by using or accessing the service in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this privacy policy, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information in the following ways.
remember that your use of the service is at all times subject to the terms of service, which incorporates this privacy policy.
any terms we use in this policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the terms of service.
this privacy policy may be updated from time to time.
we will notify you of any material changes by posting the new privacy policy on the site.
you are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes.
1.
what information do we collect and how do we collect it.
at various times, you could be asked to provide information such as your name, email address, contact phone number or other information.
information collected is often defined as being either anonymous or personally identifiable.
anonymous information refers to information that cannot be tied back to a specific individual.
for instance, we may know that thousands of people have visited this privacy policy, but we do not necessarily know their names, where they live, or their date of birth.
what we collect from visits such as this constitutes anonymous information.
some of the individuals who access our services decline to use the personalization features that are available to them, and therefore those individuals are anonymous to us and the only data we collect about them is anonymous information.
anonymous information refers to information that cannot be tied back to a specific individual.
for instance, we may know that thousands of people have visited this privacy policy, but we do not necessarily know their names, where they live, or their date of birth.
what we collect from visits such as this constitutes anonymous information.
some of the individuals who access our services decline to use the personalization features that are available to them, and therefore those individuals are anonymous to us and the only data we collect about them is anonymous information.
personally identifiable information refers to information that tells us specifically who you are, such as your name, email address, or phone number.
using an app may allow the company to "recognize" you to allow us to personalize our service for you.
personally identifiable information refers to information that tells us specifically who you are, such as your name, email address, or phone number.
using an app may allow the company to "recognize" you to allow us to personalize our service for you.
personally identifiable information.
when you submit a track  via our website, we may ask you for some personally identifiable information, such as your first and last name, email address, home address, and other information.
we may need you to provide certain billing information, such as paypal information.
mysphera is the owner of the information collected through the service.
no information collected from children.
we will never knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13.
if we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, that information will be immediately removed from any access.
because we do not collect such information, we have no such information to use or to disclose to third parties.
2.
how do we use individual information.
general use.
we use personal information mainly to provide the services and may also contact users regarding account activities, new version and product offerings, or other communications relevant to the services.
we do not sell or share any personally identifiable or other information to any third parties.
if you contact us by email or by filling-out a registration form, we may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence, and may use your email address, and any information that you provide to us in your message, to respond to you.
in addition, we may use the personal information described above to send you information regarding the apps and/or the services.
if you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such information or communications from us, email us at and request to be removed from our list.
3.
how do we store your personal information.
storage of individual information.
the company operates or leases secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems.
our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary, and only authorized individuals have access to the information.
notwithstanding such measures, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent our computers from being illegally accessed, and the individual information on them stolen or altered.
4.
do we disseminate any personal information.
aggregate statistics.
we may disclose aggregate statistics regarding user behavior as a measure of interest in, and use of, our service, and e-mails to third parties in the form of aggregate data, such as overall patterns or demographic reports that do not describe or identify any individual user or client.
complying with legal process.
we take reasonable steps to ensure the privacy of data uploaded.
we reserve the right to use or disclose your personally identifiable information and other information in response to subpoenas, court orders, warrants, or legal process, or to otherwise establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims or in the event you violate or breach an agreement with us.
we may use and disclose your personally identifiable information if we believe you will harm the property or rights of company, its owners, or others.
5.
if i have questions concerning this privacy policy.
if you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us by e-mail at .
terms and conditions | privacy policy .
| about us.
(c) mysphera ltd 2022.
