home.
aboutaircraftunitssupporteducationgeneral staffhenry b.
tippie naecheadquarters staffhall of famenon-profit informationphoto gallery.
aircraft.
units.
support.
education.
general staff.
henry b.
tippie naec.
headquarters staff.
hall of fame.
non-profit information.
photo gallery.
events2022 wing staff conferencenew unit initiative.
2022 wing staff conference.
new unit initiative.
joinmembership optionsrenew membershipmember benefitsjoin victory circlehow to get involvedfind a locationcontact member services.
membership options.
renew membership.
member benefits.
join victory circle.
how to get involved.
find a location.
contact member services.
shop.
givedonate nowways to supportvictory plaza brick campaignleave a legacy giftsupport the henry b.
tippie naecsponsor an aircraftdonate an aircraftgift acceptance policy.
donate now.
ways to support.
victory plaza brick campaign.
leave a legacy gift.
support the henry b.
tippie naec.
sponsor an aircraft.
donate an aircraft.
gift acceptance policy.
contactmedia inquiriesupdate my infoaircraft rides.
media inquiries.
update my info.
aircraft rides.
2021 meeting and election info.
caf documents.
n3n canary houston wing.
description.
base.
website.
specs.
our aircraft.
history.
a primary trainer designed by the us navy’s bureau of aeronautics, the n3n was built by the naval aircraft factory at philadelphia, pennsylvania, and was that facility’s most numerous product.
the design was originated in 1934 and was a relatively advanced type in its time.
the fuselage structure is of aluminum angle and plate, covered with a combination of fabric and removable aluminum panels.
the flying surfaces are covered with fabric.
although the n3n had the semi-official moniker of “canary”, it was more commonly known as the “yellow peril” (a name it sometimes shared with the stearman n2s primary trainer).
most n3ns were removed from service soon after the end of wwii, but some remained in service for many more years.
as late as 1961, some float-equipped n3ns were still serving at the us naval academy as the us armed forces’ last biplane.
the houston wing’s aircraft is an n3n-3, and is equipped with a 300 hp lycoming engine.
it has a variable pitch propeller, non-retractable landing gear and an open tandem cockpit.
about 870 n3n-3’s were built.
this aircraft was returned to flight status after an eight-year restoration project.
