ncs.
aboutabout ncscontact informationblogscapabilities statementcareers at ncscase studieseventsenvironment (iso)green initiativesnewsprivacy policyquality (iso)secure supply chain (iso)open certified.
about ncs.
contact information.
blogs.
capabilities statement.
careers at ncs.
case studies.
events.
environment (iso).
green initiatives.
news.
privacy policy.
quality (iso).
secure supply chain (iso).
open certified.
productsdesktopslaptops & tabletsrugged serversrugged laptops & tabletszero clientsserversstorage systemsnetworkinghp printers3d printingmonitorsrenewable productsproduct archiveperipherals.
desktops.
laptops & tablets.
rugged servers.
rugged laptops & tablets.
zero clients.
servers.
storage systems.
networking.
hp printers.
3d printing.
monitors.
renewable products.
product archive.
peripherals.
solutionsncs branded systemshardware and integration serviceshp branded systemsoem partnersrugged servers & special mission systems.
ncs branded systems.
hardware and integration services.
hp branded systems.
oem partners.
rugged servers & special mission systems.
customersmy ncscontractsvita printvita pceducation customersair force customersarmy customersnavy customers3d printing customer center.
my ncs.
contracts.
vita print.
vita pc.
education customers.
air force customers.
army customers.
navy customers.
3d printing customer center.
supportcontact informationreturn policyrequest supportrequest informationwarranty informationdownloadsdrivers & serial # lookupterms & conditions of sale.
contact information.
return policy.
request support.
request information.
warranty information.
downloads.
drivers & serial # lookup.
terms & conditions of sale.
search form.
privacy statement.
at ncs we are committed to protecting your privacy and to using technology that gives you a secure online experience.
you can navigate through most of our site without giving us any information about yourself.
however, sometimes we do need information to provide services that you may request.
this privacy statement explains data collection and usage in those situations.
please read this complete ncs privacy statement.
collecting your personal information	we will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or when we need information to allow us to contact you.
generally, personal information is requested for authentication purposes prior to entering the secure sections of the site, subscribing to e-mail newsletters, or when requesting support.
this collected information is often limited to e-mail address, country or location, but may include other information as needed to provide a service you requested.
we may also place on your computer a "cookie" for identification purposes.
this cookie will expedite your return visit to ncs.
the use of this cookie allows you to visit the ncs site without having to sign in each time.
use of your personal information	we use your personal information for four primary purposes.
to make the site easier for you to use by not making you enter your personal information more than once.
to help you quickly find software, services or information on ncs.
to help us create and deliver content most relevant to you.
to alert you to updated information and other new services from ncs.
we may also hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including packaging, sending postal mail and processing event registration.
we will only provide those companies with the information as needed to deliver the services.
they are prohibited from using that information for any other purposes.
ncs will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to.
(a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on ncs or the site.
(b) protect and defend the rights or property of ncs and its family of web sites, and, (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of ncs, its web sites, or the public.
control of your personal information	when you register, or otherwise give us personal information, ncs will not share that information with third parties without your permission, other than for the limited exceptions previously listed.
it will only be used for the purposes stated above.
security of your personal information	ncs strictly protects the security of your personal information and honors your choices for its intended use.
we carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
your personal information is never shared outside the company without your permission, except under conditions explained above.
inside the company, data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access.
your information may be stored and processed in the united states or any other country where ncs, its subsidiaries, affiliates or agents are located.
use of cookies	to ensure we are publishing content customers need and want, ncs may collect aggregated site-visitation statistics using cookies.
we do not track individuals' use of the site.
when someone visits the site, a cookie is placed on the customer's machine (if the customer accepts cookies) or is read if the customer has visited the site previously.
web beacons, also known as clear gif technology, or action tags, assist in delivering the cookie.
this technology tells us how many visitors have clicked on key elements (such as links or graphics) on a ncs web page.
we do not use this technology to access your personally identifiable information on ncs.
it is a tool we use to compile aggregated statistics about ncs web site usage.
we do not share tracking information outside of ncs, and do not allow other companies to place clear gifs on our sites.
if you choose to not have your browser accept cookies from the ncs web site, you will be able to view information on the site, however you will not experience a personalized visit nor will you be able to subscribe to the service offerings on the site.
request information.
©2020 ncs technologies, inc.
all rights reserved.
facebook.
linkedin.
twitter.
section 508.
privacy policy.
terms of use.
sitemap.
some download links require acrobat.
download adobe acrobat reader.
