collection.
you may browse this site without providing any personal information about yourself.
however, to receive notifications, updates or request additional information about  or this site, we may collect the following information.
name, contact information, email address, company and user id.
correspondence sent to or from us.
any additional information you choose to provide.
and other information from your interaction with our site, services, content and advertising, including computer and connection information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the site, ad data, ip address and standard web log information.
if you choose to provide us with personal information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in hong kong, china.
use.
we use your personal information to provide you with the services you request, communicate with you, troubleshoot problems, customize your experience, inform you about our services and site updates and measure interest in our sites and services.
like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites.
please refer to the "do we use 'cookies'.
" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
do we use "cookies".
yes.
cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
they are used to help us understand your preferences based on the previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services.
we also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions so that we can offer better site experience and tools in the future.
we may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors.
these service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies.
you do this through your browser (like netscape navigator or internet explorer) settings.
each browser is a little different, so look at your browser help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
if you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient, and some of our services will not function properly.
however, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.
disclosure.
we don't sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent.
we may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements, enforce our policies, respond to claims that a posting or other content violates others' rights, or protect anyone's rights, property, or safety.
such information will be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
we may also share personal information with service providers who help with our business operations, and with members of our corporate family, who may provide joint content and services and help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts.
should we plan to merge or be acquired by another business entity, we may share personal information with the other company and will require that the new combined entity follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal information.
access.
you may access or update the personal information you provided to us at any time by contacting us at .
security.
we treat information as an asset that must be protected and use lots of tools to protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure.
however, as you probably know, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications.
therefore, although we work very hard to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.
general.
we may update this policy at any time by posting amended terms on this site.
all amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they are initially posted on the site.
for questions about this policy, please send an email to us.
