home.
about us.
capabilities.
products.
quality assurance.
news.
contact.
get every part right.
follow.
privacy policy.
this website and its content is copyright of new dimensions precision machining [2022].
all rights reserved.
any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following.
you may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and noncommercial use only.
you may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material.
you may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content.
nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
new dimensions precision machining takes your right to privacy seriously, and wants you to feel comfortable using this web site.
this privacy policy deals with personally identifiable information (referred to as “data” below) that may be collected by this site.
this policy does not apply to other entities that are not owned or controlled by new dimensions precision machining, nor does it apply to persons that are not employees or agents of new dimensions precision machining, or that are not under new dimensions precision machining’s control.
please take time to read this site’s terms of use.
collection of data.
there is no registration for an account on this site required to access information.
as on many web sites, new dimensions precision machining may also automatically receive general information that is contained in server log files, such as your ip address, and cookie information.
information about how advertising may be served on this site (if it is indeed new dimensions precision machining’s policy to display advertising) is set forth below.
use of data.
data may be used to customize and improve your user experience on this site.
efforts will be made to prevent your data being made available to third parties unless (i) provided for otherwise in this privacy policy.
(ii) your consent is obtained, such as when you choose to opt-in or opt-out for the sharing of data.
(iii) a service provided on our site requires interaction with a third party, or is provided by a third party, such as an application service provider.
(iv) pursuant to legal action or law enforcement.
(v) it is found that your use of this site violates new dimensions precision machining’s policy, terms of service, or other usage guidelines, or if it is deemed reasonably necessary by new dimensions precision machining’s to protect new dimensions precision machining’s legal rights and/or property.
or (vi) this site is purchased by a third party, in which case that third party will be able to use the data in the same manner as set forth in this policy.
in the event you choose to use links displayed on this web site to visit other websites, you are advised to read the privacy policies published on those sites.
cookies.
like many web sites, this web site sets and uses cookies to enhance your user experience — to remember your personal settings, for instance.
advertisements may display on this web site and, if so, may set and access cookies on your computer.
such cookies are subject to the privacy policy of the parties providing the advertisement.
however, the parties providing the advertising do not have access to this site’s cookies.
these parties usually use non-personally-identifiable or anonymous codes to obtain information about your visits to this site.
you can visit the network advertising initiative if you want to find out more information about this practice.
minors.
new dimensions precision machining does not allow persons who are aged thirteen or younger to become members of this site.
for more information, please contact the site administrator.
changes to this privacy policy.
changes may be made to this policy from time to time.
you will be notified of substantial changes to this policy either by through the posting of a prominent announcement on the site, and/or by a mail message sent to the e-mail address you have provided, which is stored within your user settings.
no guarantees.
while this privacy policy states standards for maintenance of data, and while efforts will be made to meet the said standards, new dimensions precision machining is not in a position to guarantee compliance with these standards.
there may be factors beyond new dimensions precision machining’s control that may result in disclosure of data.
consequently, new dimensions precision machining offers no warranties or representations as regards maintenance or nondisclosure of data.
contact information.
if you have any questions about this policy or about this web site, please feel free to contact the site administrator.
home.
about us.
capabilities.
products.
quality assurance.
news.
contact.
©2022 new dimensions precision machining | all rights reserved.
| privacy policy.
digital marketing and design – the richland group.
follow.
