employersoverviewindustries servicedproperty managementtemporary employment agency virginiaadministrative staffingpermanent staffingcontact tracing employersubmit a job requisite.
overview.
industries serviced.
property management.
temporary employment agency virginia.
administrative staffing.
permanent staffing.
contact tracing employer.
submit a job requisite.
job seekersoverviewindustries servicedproperty managementjob board.
overview.
industries serviced.
property management.
job board.
job board.
about us.
contact.
loginclient loginemployee login.
client login.
employee login.
privacy policy.
your privacy is very important to us.
accordingly, we have developed this policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information.
the following outlines our privacy policy.
before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
we will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
we will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
we will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
we will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
we will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
we are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
covid 19 - federal guidelines.
ffcra_poster_wh1422_federal.
covid 19 non-federal guidelines.
ffcra_poster_wh1422_non-federal.
703 761 4357.
quick links.
home.
employers.
job seekers.
job board.
about us.
contact.
time card.
nvt electronic time card.
time card status.
satisfaction survey.
contact us.
address.
nvt staffing - washington, dc headquarters 7115 leesburg pike, suite 314 falls church, va 22043-2301.
phone.
703 761 4357.
property management.
703 776 9121.
fax.
703 556 0494.
hours.
6.
00am - 5.
30pm.
subscribe to our newsletter.
you can opt out of our newsletters at any time.
see our privacy policy/covid19 policy.
copyrights © 2020 all rights reserved.
developed & maintained by        tcb inc.
