facebook.
twitter.
linkedin.
productsobjectivity/dbinfinitegraph.
objectivity/db.
infinitegraph.
support.
resourcesintro videosblog.
intro videos.
blog.
use casesgovernmentmanufacturinghealthcaretelecommunications.
government.
manufacturing.
healthcare.
telecommunications.
partners.
aboutour teamnewscareerscontact usinfinitegraph.
com.
our team.
news.
careers.
contact us.
infinitegraph.
com.
contact us.
privacy policy.
we respect your privacy.
objectivity, inc.
[objectivity] is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
if you have received email from us in error or would otherwise like to be removed from all future mailings you have two options.
use the opt-out link in the footer of the offending email.
send an email to privacy with remove in the subject line either from the email address you would like removed or include the email addresses to be removed in the email body.
cookies.
this website may make limited use of cookies or embedded pixel technologies to track your usage, isp, hardware or software details.
in general, only statistical information is gathered.
the website may make selective use of java applets to enhance the appearance, performance or content of the website.
objectivity embeds license management software in some versions of its software products.
if you download our software then you may be asked to identify yourself.
such licenses require specific details, such as the registration of a named user, application or machine.
these details will be handled as confidential, commercial information.
protecting your data.
objectivity’s intent is to strictly protect the security of any personal information that you provide us with.
honor your choices for its intended use.
and carefully protect it from alteration, disclosure, loss, misuse or unauthorized access.
we have established appropriate electronic, managerial and physical procedures to safeguard and secure personal information we collect online, including the use of industry standard encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive data (such as credit card information, license numbers and website passwords) within or between devices or systems.
these procedures apply to static, mobile, wired and wireless devices.
objectivity employees may use internet resources, personal computers, laptop computers, personal digital assistants, cellular telephones and similar devices to improve the efficiency of our business.
if the device or resource that stores any information about you is owned by objectivity then employees who leave objectivity employment are legally bound to return the device to the company, or to prove that they have purged or relinquished use of the resource.
if the employee or a third party owns the device, or is a user of such a data storage resource, then that employee is legally bound to prove that they have purged the data satisfactorily.
in either circumstance (owner or authorized user), the employee (or ex-employee) may not violate this privacy policy or their written conditions of employment with objectivity.
those conditions clearly state that all personal or corporate information that is obtained during employment, whether or not it is electronically captured, stored or displayed, remains the property of objectivity or its contacts.
passwords and license numbers.
please take appropriate steps to protect the security of the passwords and license numbers that we supply to you.
objectivity employees will not provide passwords or license numbers via email or to a fax number that is not on your company’s letterhead or corporate website.
neither will they ask you for a password or license number via email or a telephone.
if you ever receive a written or facsimile request from us requesting confirmation of license details then you should only respond to our main corporate address or facsimile machine (current details).
data quality and access.
objectivity will strive to keep our records of your personal information accurate, complete and current.
we will promptly take steps to correct any inaccuracies in your personally identifiable information that you make us aware of.
you may request a copy of the personal information that we have stored about you by completing this form.
if you inform us of any inaccuracies in the personal information we have recorded we will promptly add, correct or delete it, according to your instructions.
if you do tell us to delete personal information there must always be at least one identifiable point of contact between objectivity and your organization to enable us to fulfill our accounting, legal and security obligations.
advertising.
objectivity does not place banners, pop-ups or paid-for advertisements for third party products or services on this website.
however, we do promote our relationships with customers, partners and industry or standards organizations by posting references (links/urls), articles, logos, white papers and press releases on appropriate website pages.
external websites.
some pages within this website contain links to pages on external websites.
similarly, there may be external websites that contain links to pages within the objectivity website.
objectivity is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such external websites.
public forums.
objectivity may selectively make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to visitors to this website.
remember that any information that is disclosed in such areas essentially becomes public information.
please exercise caution before disclosing any personal or business information via this website.
personal information notice and disclosure.
you may visit most of this website without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information.
objectivity (or our internet service providers) may collect domain information from your visit to customize and improve your experience on our website and to help us analyze our audience.
some portions of this website may require you to give us information that enables us to identify you, such as your name, telephone number, email or other address.
we will attempt to state our intentions before we collect any personally identifiable information from you.
we may also collect personal information about you from.
emails, letters and faxes that you send us.
telephone and regular conversations.
or from third parties.
such information may already or subsequently be covered by separate agreements (such as non-disclosure agreements) between our companies.
by default, your personal information will be handled in the spirit of this privacy statement.
intended uses of your personal information.
some of objectivity’s most frequent uses for the personal information you provide us with are.
to support and track product downloads.
to facilitate standard business communications and transactions with our prospects and past or current customers.
to enable us to respond to requests for information about our company, products or services.
to provide product updates, fixes, technical bulletins, special offers, notification of educational or other events and similar notices to partners and licensed customers.
to help us tune the content, navigability and performance of our website.
to help us improve our products and services.
to satisfy legal requirements.
social security numbers, birthdates and information about your relatives and friends.
objectivity does not ask for, obtain or store your social security number, date of birth or information about your relatives and friends.
objectivity may be required, by law, to collect a u.
s.
inland revenue service taxpayer id from self-employed individuals or companies if we enter into a contractual arrangement.
likewise, objectivity may have to ask for and report certain details for some similar organizations, notably within the european union and japan.
you will be informed of the need for and our intended use of such information at the point where it is to be collected.
protection of children’s personal information.
this site is primarily a technical audience site and objectivity does not knowingly collect any personal information from children.
objectivity has no products, services or web site content specifically designed for use by children.
we never ask for your date of birth, neither do we have a way to reliably discriminate between adults and children, so we strive to ensure that there is nothing on this site that could reasonably be deemed unsuitable for viewing by a child.
phone.
+1-(408)-992-7100  | customer support.
1-(800)-767-6259.
copyright 2022 objectivity inc.
all rights reserved.
follow.
follow.
follow.
follow.
