follow us.
home.
solutionsoverview of solutionsdtective®video analysisomnivore™portable video processing quickview lt™free multimedia playeromnivore™ field kitsdcctv recoveryclearid® for photoshopimage clarificationquickdme™digital evidence managerworkstationsopen source solutions.
overview of solutions.
dtective®video analysis.
omnivore™portable video processing.
quickview lt™free multimedia player.
omnivore™ field kitsdcctv recovery.
clearid® for photoshopimage clarification.
quickdme™digital evidence manager.
workstations.
open source solutions.
shopstore catalog & quotesshopping cart.
store catalog & quotes.
shopping cart.
newslatest newsblog articlesproduct & news notifications – register.
latest news.
blog articles.
product & news notifications – register.
supportsupport center homesoftware downloadsfaq knowledge basesupport request form.
support center home.
software downloads.
faq knowledge base.
support request form.
contact usabout usstore policiescontact us.
about us.
store policies.
contact us.
accountloginregister.
login.
register.
menu.
privacy policy.
this privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for  and all sub-domains, such as store.
oceansystems.
com.
this privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this domain and collection of sites.
it will notify you of the following.
what personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
what choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
the security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
information collection, use, and sharing.
we are the sole owners of the personally identifiable information collected via this site.
we only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you.
we will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
we will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us.
we will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.
g.
to ship an order.
unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
your access to and control over information.
you may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time.
you can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website.
see what data we have about you, if any.
change/correct any data we have about you.
have us delete any data we have about you.
express any concern you have about our use of your data.
security.
we take precautions to protect your information.
when you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.
you can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
while we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline.
only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
the computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
orders.
we request information from you on our order form.
to buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date).
this information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders.
if we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
registration.
in order to use some features of our website, a user must first complete the registration form.
during registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address).
this information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest.
at your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.
cookies.
we may use “cookies” on this site.
a cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site.
cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
if you would prefer, you may of course turn off the ability to save and use cookies through your browser preferences.
links.
this web site contains links to other sites.
please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites.
we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
3rd party privacy policies.
we use google analytics, youtube and other google services on our wesbite(s).
click here to review google’s privacy policy & practices.
we also use integrated content from our  twitter account.
click here to review twitter’s privacy policies & practices.
we may use facebook services on our sites as well.
click here to review facebook’s privacy policies & practices.
updates.
our privacy policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
if you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, please contact us immediately to discuss the matter.
product categories.
forensic solutions.
overview of solutions.
free multimedia viewer | quickview lt™.
video processing | omnivore™.
dcctv/dvr recovery field kits.
image clarification | clearid®.
dme processing | quickdme™.
video analysis nle | dtective®.
workstation configurations.
the tower.
the rackmount.
the breeze.
storage solutions.
video editing & redaction.
avid archiving | archive-r™.
spotlight/redact.
training.
purchasing info.
online ordering.
contact us.
about us.
product release notifications.
follow us.
youtube.
twitter.
linkedin.
facebook.
blog.
language.
secure shopping.
shop with peace of mind.
all connections to our online store use end-to-end encryption.
privacy policy  |  terms of use  |  support & downloads  |  proposal request forms.
copyright © 2021 ocean systems.
all rights reserved.
4016 blackburn lane, burtonsville, md 20866phone.
(301) 476-8015 | fax.
(240) 636-9927 | email.
.
