portal login.
about us.
news & events.
resources.
become a partner.
contact us.
site search.
products sense passive - temperature and moisture monitoring learn moreproductsiot devicessensecondition monitoringasset managementpersonnel trackingomnispherepassive rfidiq tagsfit tagsexo tagsflex tagssense passivespecialty tagshigh temperatureservice bureaucustom solutionsex certification.
sense passive - temperature and moisture monitoring.
products.
iot devicessensecondition monitoringasset managementpersonnel trackingomnisphere.
sense.
condition monitoring.
asset management.
personnel tracking.
omnisphere.
passive rfidiq tagsfit tagsexo tagsflex tagssense passivespecialty tagshigh temperatureservice bureau.
iq tags.
fit tags.
exo tags.
flex tags.
sense passive.
specialty tags.
high temperature.
service bureau.
custom solutions.
ex certification.
industries industriesmanufacturing & logisticsconstructionoil & gasutilitiesit & office asset managementgovernment & defense.
industries.
manufacturing & logistics.
construction.
oil & gas.
utilities.
it & office asset management.
government & defense.
technology technologyrfidblelorawanquuppapatents.
technology.
rfid.
ble.
lorawan.
quuppa.
patents.
company our company storyqualitymanufacturingleadershipawardssuccess storiesnews and eventsbecome a partnercareers.
our company story.
quality.
manufacturing.
leadership.
awards.
success stories.
news and events.
become a partner.
careers.
product search.
your privacy rights.
home » your privacy rights.
your privacy rights.
thanks for engaging with our brand, products and services.
we’d like to take this opportunity to note that your privacy is important to us.
therefore, we’ve provided the following information to help you with questions about how and under what circumstances we might collect, use and disclose the data and information you provide when communicating with us.
there’s also an explanation of how we protect your personal information.
like most privacy policies (and legalese in general), it’s a bit tedious to read but good to know.
privacy policy.
omni-id has created this privacy policy (the “policy”) to explain our privacy practices so you will understand when and how personal information is collected, used, disclosed and protected with respect to our services and website located at omni-id-staging-3.
onyx-sites.
io (collectively the “service”).
by using the service, you consent to the privacy practices described in this policy.
we reserve the right to change this policy at any time.
if we make any material changes to our policy, we will post a new policy on our website and update the “last updated” date set forth above.
therefore, we encourage you to check our policy whenever you use the service to see if it has been updated since your last visit.
how we handle information about you.
we collect two basic types of information with our service, namely personal information and aggregate information.
personal information is information that is directly associated with a specific person or entity such as a user’s name, address, phone number, and email address.
our definition of personal information does not include “aggregate” information.
aggregate information is data that we collect about a group or category of services or users from which individual user identities have been removed, which may include demographic information.
in other words, information on how you use our service may be collected and combined with information about how others use the service, but no personal information will be included in the resulting data.
aggregate data helps us understand trends in our users’ needs so we can improve or add new features and functionality or otherwise tailor our service.
we may share aggregate information about our users with third parties for various purposes, including to help us better understand and improve our service, and for advertising and marketing purposes.
those are the types of personal and other information we collect.
please refer to the rest of this policy to see how we use, disclose and protect this information.
what we do with information you give us.
we collect information you give us at various times when you register with us and use our service.
examples include the following.
*registration and transaction information.
when you register to use the service, we may collect various kinds of contact information about you including, for example, your name, address, email address, and phone number.
*submissions and customer service.
from time to time, we may post surveys, contests or sweepstakes on our service, which may request demographic information and customer feedback.
participation in these requests is completely voluntary and with each request you will have the choice of whether or not to participate and disclose information.
also, we may collect information that identifies you personally when you send us comments, questions or suggestions, or if you send to us job applications, resumes/cvs, or other business-related contacts.
we do not collect information about children under the age of 13.
our service is not intended for children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly directly or passively collect information from children under the age of 13.
if we create offers and products that make it appropriate to collect information from children under the age of 13, we will notify you of the change in this policy.
how we use personal information internally.
in general, we use personal information internally to serve our users and enable them to take maximum advantage of our service.
to this end, we create a database from the information we collect.
we then use this information to provide services or complete transactions you have requested, to anticipate and resolve problems with our service, to respond to customer support inquiries, to create and inform you of new products and services from omni-id that better meet your needs, and to customize our service based on your needs.
we also use this information for marketing analysis and to perform direct marketing.
we may also correlate this information with information collected from one of our partners to measure various variables, including usage data.
by registering with our service, you give consent for us to communicate with you at any of the contact points you provide to us for any of the aforementioned purposes.
your personal information is retained indefinitely and archived copies are maintained for a period of five to ten years.
disclosure of personal information to third parties.
we do not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies without your prior consent except (i) as necessary to complete a transaction you have requested, (ii) as necessary to perform internal analyses and business functions, (iii) as part of a business transfer, or (iv) when required by law or permitted to protect our rights, property, or safety.
the following section describes these disclosure circumstances more fully.
consent.
unless you choose to do so, we will not disclose your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
with your consent, we may disclose your personal information to third parties so that they may provide you with products and services that you have requested.
transaction processing and business functions.
we may share personal information with third-party vendors who assist us in performing internal functions necessary to operate our business, or who assist us in processing and completing transactions for products and services that you have requested.
in the event that we use third-party vendors to assist us in performing these functions, the third parties may not use or disclose your personal information for any other purpose.
internal analysis.
we may use information about you for our own internal purposes.
such as to estimate our audience size, measure aggregate traffic patterns as well as to understand demographic, customer interest, and other trends among our users.
we may outsource these tasks and disclose personal information about you to third parties, provided the use and disclosure of your personal information by these third parties is restricted to performance of such tasks.
business transfers.
information about our users and the service is one of our most important business assets.
therefore, information about our users, including personal information, will be disclosed as part of any merger or acquisition, creation of a separate business to provide the service or fulfill products, sale or pledge of company assets as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personal information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company.
protection of omni-id and others.
we may release personal information in the good faith belief that release is appropriate and necessary to comply with legal process or authority (e.
g.
, a lawful subpoena, warrant or court order).
to enforce or apply our policies.
to initiate, render, bill, and collect for amounts owed to us.
to protect our rights, property, or personal safety of omni-id, our users, our employees, or the public.
or if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies disclosure of records without delay.
third-party sites.
please be aware that we provide links to third-party websites from the service as a service to our users and we are not responsible for the content or information collection practices of those sites.
please also note that these websites’ privacy policies will differ from those of omni-id.
therefore, we encourage you to review and understand their privacy practices before providing them with information or visiting their sites.
network and information security.
we use commercially reasonable efforts to protect your personal information as required by the laws of relevant countries.
while we have taken efforts to guard your personal information, we cannot guarantee that your information may be not be disclosed or accessed by accidental circumstances or by the unauthorized acts of others.
access and control of personal information.
if you are a registered user of our service, you may view or correct your personal information, verify the accuracy of your personal information, remove or delete your personal information, or simply be deleted entirely from our database.
please be aware, however, that any personal information you may make publicly accessible on or through the service may not be altered.
accordingly, please be careful when making any personal information available to the public.
we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your subscription to our service, such as customer service responses and other administrative messages.
international users of our service.
please note that your personal information will be stored and processed on our computers in the united states.
the laws on holding personal data in the united states may be less stringent than the laws of your country.
if you object to your personal information being transferred or used as described in this policy, please do not register for the service.
updating this policy.
we may revise and update this policy if our practices change, as technology changes, or as we add new services or change existing ones.
any changes will be posted to this document so you will always know what information we gather and how we use it.
if we make any material changes to our policy or how we handle your personal information, we will post an updated policy on our site and change the date of the policy.
if we are going to use any personal information in a manner that is materially different from that stated in our policy at the time we collected such information, we will give you a reasonable opportunity to consent to the change.
we will use information in accordance with the most current privacy policy.
california privacy rights.
california civil code section 1798.
83 permits customers who are california residents to request certain information regarding disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
we do not provide your personal information to any third party for their direct marketing purposes without your consent.
if you would like more information with respect to your privacy rights under california law, you may contact us at the contact point below.
please reference your request as “california disclosure information”.
contacting us.
if you have any questions or comments about this policy, the privacy practices of the service, or your dealings with omni-id, please contact us at.
.
to be completely removed from our database, please complete our [consent withdrawal form].
to request your user data from omni-id, please email .
products product typesiot devicespassive rfidcustom solutionshigh temperature.
product types.
iot devices.
passive rfid.
custom solutions.
high temperature.
industries industrieslogisticsconstructionoil & gasutilitiesit & office asset managementgovernment & defense.
industries.
logistics.
construction.
oil & gas.
utilities.
it & office asset management.
government & defense.
technology technologyrfidblelorawanquuppapatents.
technology.
rfid.
ble.
lorawan.
quuppa.
patents.
company our company storyqualitymanufacturingleadershipawardssuccess storiesbecome a partnercareersblog.
our company story.
quality.
manufacturing.
leadership.
awards.
success stories.
become a partner.
careers.
blog.
resources reference guideson-metal printer guidessenseiot device user guidesproduct comparison datasheetsother product guidesvideos & webinarsbrochureswhite papers & articles.
reference guides.
on-metal printer guides.
senseiot device user guides.
product comparison datasheets.
other product guides.
videos & webinars.
brochures.
white papers & articles.
follow us linkedintwittervimeoyoutubecontact us.
linkedin.
twitter.
vimeo.
youtube.
contact us.
terms of use.
your privacy rights.
terms and conditions.
licensing our technology.
all rights reserved 2022.
website by pelling marketing by design.
