product.
services.
domainsenergy managementiot device managementsmart city & mobility.
energy management.
iot device management.
smart city & mobility.
use cases.
developers.
aboutcompanynewsour open source licensecontact.
company.
news.
our open source license.
contact.
demo.
privacy policy.
regarding your privacy, our policy is to only request personal information when we can’t do without to provide you access to all functions and features of openremote.
these are the products and services where we ask personal information, including the reason.
github and forum.
as openremote, we like to keep you posted on the development of our software, give you access to the code base, and invite you to our forum.
we use third party tools for that.
github, discourse.
we will not use any of the information you leave behind, beyond the purpose these tools are made for.
share code, and discus the use of our software.
designer 2.
5.
for those of you who have an online designer 2.
5 account, we are using your e-mail address to help you reset your password if needed.
we are also storing your project configuration, but there is no way we can and will have access to your sensor data.
these are always stored on your local controller.
manager 3.
0.
for customers applying our manager 3.
0 software commercially, and for whom we are hosting it as a service, we store your username and e-mail address.
your e-mail address is only used to help you reset your password if needed.
we will review whether you require storing any privacy related data of your clients.
in that case we arrange a data processing agreement.
in addition we inform and support on requirements set by the eu general data protection regulation (gdpr) between you and your clients.
mobile application.
for customers using our mobile applications for accessing the demo environment or their customer specific projects, the mobile application requests to use your location.
the mobile application only uses this permission for setting ‘geofences’ on the mobile application in order to provide location based services.
these geofences and the related services (including sending of push notifications) can be set and fully controlled by you as a customer, using the openremote manager 3.
0 environment.
geofences are not used by openremote for any other purpose.
mailing list and website statistics.
if you agree via our contact forms or registration form for the designer, we will use you name and e-mail to send you information about our product, company related news, or events.
we don’t use tracking cookies on our website.
we are using google analytics, but just for site statistics.
solutions.
product.
services.
use cases.
developers.
domains.
energy management.
iot device management.
smart city & mobility.
about.
company.
news.
our open source license.
contact.
privacy policy.
connect.
© 2022  openremote inc.
all rights reserved.
