search.
contact.
language 中文 / chinesečeštinadeutschenglishespañolfrançaisitaliano日本語 / japanese한국어 / koreanmagyarnederlandsnorskpolskiportuguêspyccĸий / russianslovenščinasuomisvenskatürkçe.
中文 / chinese.
čeština.
deutsch.
english.
español.
français.
italiano.
日本語 / japanese.
한국어 / korean.
magyar.
nederlands.
norsk.
polski.
português.
pyccĸий / russian.
slovenščina.
suomi.
svenska.
türkçe.
optek                                    about opteknewsour historycareerstradeshows.
about optek.
news.
our history.
careers.
tradeshows.
products                                    turbidity (high range)af16-n turbidity sensoraf56-n turbidity sensorturbidity (low range)tf16-n turbidity metertf56-n turbidity sensorturbidity (haze control)dtf16 nephelometric turbidity sensorturbidity probesas16-n turbidity probeas56-n turbidity probeasd12-n absorption probeasd25-n absorption probevis / color sensorsaf26 vis/nir sensoraf16-f color sensoraf56-f color sensorvis / color probesas16-f color probeas56-f color probeuv absorptionaf46 uv analyzeraf45 uv analyzerspecialized systemssaybolt color analyzerchlorine dioxide analyzerelectroplating bath analyzeroil in cooling water monitorwastewater monitoring solutions conductivity & phacf60-35 conductivity sensoracs60-35 conductivity probepf12 ph electrode holdersingle use technologysingle use cell (s.
u.
c.
)convertersc8000 universal converterc4000 photometric converterhc4000 converter156 converter556 converterc800 electrochemical convertersensor bodiessensor body overviewaccessoriesenclosuressoftwarecalibrationair drying system.
turbidity (high range)af16-n turbidity sensoraf56-n turbidity sensorturbidity (low range)tf16-n turbidity metertf56-n turbidity sensorturbidity (haze control)dtf16 nephelometric turbidity sensorturbidity probesas16-n turbidity probeas56-n turbidity probeasd12-n absorption probeasd25-n absorption probevis / color sensorsaf26 vis/nir sensoraf16-f color sensoraf56-f color sensorvis / color probesas16-f color probeas56-f color probeuv absorptionaf46 uv analyzeraf45 uv analyzerspecialized systemssaybolt color analyzerchlorine dioxide analyzerelectroplating bath analyzeroil in cooling water monitorwastewater monitoring solutions conductivity & phacf60-35 conductivity sensoracs60-35 conductivity probepf12 ph electrode holdersingle use technologysingle use cell (s.
u.
c.
)convertersc8000 universal converterc4000 photometric converterhc4000 converter156 converter556 converterc800 electrochemical convertersensor bodiessensor body overviewaccessoriesenclosuressoftwarecalibrationair drying system.
af16-n turbidity sensor.
af56-n turbidity sensor.
tf16-n turbidity meter.
tf56-n turbidity sensor.
dtf16 nephelometric turbidity sensor.
as16-n turbidity probe.
as56-n turbidity probe.
asd12-n absorption probe.
asd25-n absorption probe.
af26 vis/nir sensor.
af16-f color sensor.
af56-f color sensor.
as16-f color probe.
as56-f color probe.
af46 uv analyzer.
af45 uv analyzer.
saybolt color analyzer.
chlorine dioxide analyzer.
electroplating bath analyzer.
oil in cooling water monitor.
wastewater monitoring solutions.
acf60-35 conductivity sensor.
acs60-35 conductivity probe.
pf12 ph electrode holder.
single use cell (s.
u.
c.
).
c8000 universal converter.
c4000 photometric converter.
hc4000 converter.
156 converter.
556 converter.
c800 electrochemical converter.
sensor body overview.
enclosures.
software.
calibration.
air drying system.
industries                                    biotechnologymonitoring high protein concentrations downstreamfermentationcentrifuge controlultrafiltrationchromatographyformulation and fillingsingle-use technologychemicalhalogen concentrationfilter controlcolor and concentrationleak detection / condensate / carryover monitoringphase separationbrewingbeer filtration control 11° / 90°brewing separator controlbrewing yeast managementbrewhouse turbidityasbc / ebc beer color measurementsfood & beverageblancher make-up water monitoringvegetable and edible oil refiningfiltrationseparationcolor and concentrationidentification / detectionclean in place identificationbleaching and blendingcondensate and cooling watercolor and turbidity control in sugar refiningpetrochemicalcolor of refined fuelscrude distillation unit (cdu) monitoringoil in produced watercondensate and cooling water monitoringfuel analysis.
water in fuelphase separation of refined fuelsaromatics detectionautomatic tank dewatering natural gas liquids (ngl) color monitoringpulp & paperinline clo2    monitoringchlorine dioxide vent scrubber monitoringwhite liquor monitoringraw water qualityeffluent water monitoringturbidity of white water.
biotechnologymonitoring high protein concentrations downstreamfermentationcentrifuge controlultrafiltrationchromatographyformulation and fillingsingle-use technology.
monitoring high protein concentrations downstream.
fermentation.
centrifuge control.
ultrafiltration.
chromatography.
formulation and filling.
single-use technology.
chemicalhalogen concentrationfilter controlcolor and concentrationleak detection / condensate / carryover monitoringphase separation.
halogen concentration.
filter control.
color and concentration.
leak detection / condensate / carryover monitoring.
phase separation.
brewingbeer filtration control 11° / 90°brewing separator controlbrewing yeast managementbrewhouse turbidityasbc / ebc beer color measurements.
beer filtration control 11° / 90°.
brewing separator control.
brewing yeast management.
brewhouse turbidity.
asbc / ebc beer color measurements.
food & beverageblancher make-up water monitoringvegetable and edible oil refiningfiltrationseparationcolor and concentrationidentification / detectionclean in place identificationbleaching and blendingcondensate and cooling watercolor and turbidity control in sugar refining.
blancher make-up water monitoring.
vegetable and edible oil refining.
filtration.
separation.
color and concentration.
identification / detection.
clean in place identification.
bleaching and blending.
condensate and cooling water.
color and turbidity control in sugar refining.
petrochemicalcolor of refined fuelscrude distillation unit (cdu) monitoringoil in produced watercondensate and cooling water monitoringfuel analysis.
water in fuelphase separation of refined fuelsaromatics detectionautomatic tank dewatering natural gas liquids (ngl) color monitoring.
color of refined fuels.
crude distillation unit (cdu) monitoring.
oil in produced water.
condensate and cooling water monitoring.
fuel analysis.
water in fuel.
phase separation of refined fuels.
aromatics detection.
automatic tank dewatering.
natural gas liquids (ngl) color monitoring.
pulp & paperinline clo2    monitoringchlorine dioxide vent scrubber monitoringwhite liquor monitoringraw water qualityeffluent water monitoringturbidity of white water.
inline clo2    monitoring.
chlorine dioxide vent scrubber monitoring.
white liquor monitoring.
raw water quality.
effluent water monitoring.
turbidity of white water.
support                                    documentationspare partslocate distributordiscontinued productsph calibration procedureconductivity calibration procedureprofibus® pa / foundation™ fieldbus device files.
documentation.
spare parts.
locate distributor.
discontinued products.
ph calibration procedure.
conductivity calibration procedure.
profibus® pa / foundation™ fieldbus device files.
technology                                    photometryphotometry basicshow optek sensors workcolor basicsturbidityturbidity basicshaze control basicsreal world turbidityturbidity guideconductivityconductivity measurementsinfluencing factors on conductivityelectrodes, poles and their effects on conductivityoptek's conductivity design.
photometry.
photometry basics.
how optek sensors work.
color basics.
turbidity.
turbidity basics.
haze control basics.
real world turbidity.
turbidity guide.
conductivity.
conductivity measurements.
influencing factors on conductivity.
electrodes, poles and their effects on conductivity.
optek's conductivity design.
home.
data protection statement.
we are pleased to welcome you to our website  , which is operated by optek-danulat gmbh.
the protection of your personal data and the confidentiality of the data is important to us.
this data protection declaration serves to inform you about the type, scope and purpose of the collection and use of the personal data entrusted to us when using our services.
1.
collection, processing and use of data.
1.
1 optek-danulat gmbh collects, processes and uses your personal data in compliance with the data protection regulations of the federal republic of germany and the dsgvo.
we collect personal data that you provide to us when you use our service.
we use the data transmitted by you exclusively for contract processing and/or for processing your enquiries.
the data is made anonymous for use in the form of statistical studies.
1.
2 when you visit publicly accessible areas of our internet services, log files are temporarily collected and also stored, such as your ip address.
however, this data will be made anonymous.
in addition to the ip address, the following data is collected.
content of the request (specific page).
access status/http status code.
amount of data transfered.
website, from which the request comes.
date and time of request.
time zone difference to greenwich mean time (gmt).
name of the browser.
operating system and it‘s interface.
language and version of the browser software.
we need this data to optimize our website for your browser, if necessary also to enable access and use of our services.
we confirm to you that these are exclusively access data which do not allow any interference to you in person.
these log data are used exclusively for statistical purposes and for error tracking and are subsequently also deleted.
1.
3 appropriation of data.
if you contact us by e-mail or via the contact form, this information will be stored for processing your inquiry and for possible follow-up questions.
we also use your data to respond to your inquiries, requests, questions and criticisim.
1.
4 if we receive your postal and e-mail address in connection with the sale of a product and/or service and you do not object to its further use, we reserve the right to regularly send you offers for similar products, such as those already purchased, by post or e-mail.
you can of course object to this use of your postal address and/or e-mail without incurring any costs other than the transmission costs according to the basic rates.
2.
transfer of data.
2.
1 in principle, your data is only collected and used for a specific purpose.
your personal data will only be passed on without your prior consent in the following cases.
insofar as we are dependent on external service providers for the provision of services, for example for support, for the processing of payments and in the areas of the permissible transmission of advertising measures, the information required for order fulfilment is passed on to these external service providers.
these external service providers are carefully selected by us.
in addition, an order processing contract has been concluded with each of these service providers so that it is regularly reviewed to ensure that your data is used in accordance with data protection regulations.
insofar as it is necessary to clarify an illegal use or to prosecute, personal data will be passed on to the prosecution authorities and, if necessary, to injured third parties.
however, this only happens if there are concrete indications of illegal or abusive behaviour.
optek-danulat gmbh may also disclose information to certain public authorities upon request, e.
g.
, to law enforcement agencies and tax authorities, by law, governmental and/or court order.
3.
storage and deletion of your data.
3.
1 insofar as your data is no longer necessary for the aforementioned purposes, they will be deleted (§ 75 bdsg - correction and deletion of personal data and restriction of processing, paragraph 2).
the deletion of your user account is possible at any time at your request and can be carried out either by sending a message to the contact option described or via a function provided for this purpose in the user account.
after deletion of your user account, your associated data will be blocked for further use and deleted after the legal retention periods have expired, unless you have expressly consented to further use of your data or a further use of data is legally permissible.
data which are not subject to any other legal storage period will be deleted at the latest 6 months  after storage.
4.
cookies.
4.
1 in order to offer you an optimal service and to enable the use of certain functions, we use temporary and permanent cookies during your visit to our websites and, if available, the mobile applications.
these are small text files that are stored on your mobile device.
temporary cookies.
these are temporary and contain data such as an identification number, a so-called session id.
these cookies enable the server to assign several requests on our websites and the mobile application to the same user.
they are deleted as soon as the use of the respective website is terminated.
session cookies, on the other hand, are used for market research purposes.
for this purpose, the data is made anonymous so that it is not possible to draw any conclusions about your person.
if you do not wish to accept cookies, you can do this by deactivating cookies in your browser.
please refer to your browser's help function for details on how to do this.
if cookies are deactivated, we cannot guarantee that you will be able to use all our services without restriction.
permanent cookies.
these remain on your terminal device even after you have left our website or the mobile application.
these cookies allow us to recognize your browser the next time you visit optek-danulat.
com and also serve the purpose of making it easier for you to work in the protected area.
optek-danulat gmbh uses these cookies for a period of three months to generate non-personalized statistics to improve the services.
no personal data will be evaluated.
your ip address will be made anonymous for this purpose.
if you do not wish to accept these cookies either, you can do this by deactivating the cookies in your browser.
5.
data collection and evaluation services.
5.
1 google services.
5.
1.
1 google analytics.
our website uses google analytics, a web analysis service of google inc.
google analytics uses so-called temporary cookies to facilitate navigation.
cookies are text files that are sent when visiting the respective website and stored temporarily on the user's hard disk and sent back to the server on the next visit.
cookies can be used, among other things, to display user-related advertisements.
as a rule, these session cookies do not contain any personal data and expire at the end of the session.
techniques that make it possible to trace the access behaviour of the users are not used.
the information generated on the use of this website is usually transmitted to a google server in the usa and stored there.
however, due to the activation of ip anonymization on this website, your ip address will previously be reduced by google within member states of the european union or in other signatory states to the agreement on the european economic area.
only in exceptional cases will the full ip address be transmitted to a google server in the usa and shortened there.
on behalf of the operator of this website, google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services relating to website and internet use.
the ip address transmitted by your browser in the context of google analytics is not merged with other google data.
you may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser.
however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent.
you can also prevent google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your ip address) and from processing this data by google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available  under the following link.
(.
6.
external links.
6.
1 our website contains links to external websites, such as manufacturer websites.
when you access external websites, your personal data will not be passed on.
as soon as you are on these web pages, the data protection regulations of the respective operators apply.
7.
technical security, data encryption.
7.
1 we take ongoing technical and organizational security measures to protect your data against manipulation, loss, destruction or against access by unauthorised persons.
the following is ensured by technical and organizational measures.
the user can stop using the service at any time,.
the accruing personal data about the expiration of the access or the other use are deleted immediately after their termination or are blocked in the cases of the clause 2,.
the personal data on the use of different telemedia by the same user can be used separately,.
data according to tmg (telemedia act) § 15 para.
2 can only be merged for billing purposes and.
usage profiles in accordance with tmg § 15 (3) cannot be combined with details identifying the bearer of the pseudonym.
7.
2 information on the internet is generally transmitted unencrypted.
forms in which personal data is transmitted must be transmitted in encrypted form in accordance with § 13 paragraph 7 tmg.
this is done via ssl (to be recognized at page access, https instead of http).
8.
revocation of consents, information, correction, blocking and deletion.
8.
1 according to art.
17 - eu-dsgvo - you have the right to have your data deleted, if.
the personal data are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed,.
the data subject withdraws his/her consent and there is no other legal basis for processing,.
the data subject objects to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for processing,.
the personal data have been processed unlawfully,.
the deletion of personal data is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation under union law or the law of the member states or,.
the personal data of a child in relation to information society services offered, i.
e.
internet services such as media, web shops or online games, have been collected.
to do so, please contact [email protected] or by post to the address provided.
8.
2 by registering and/or using our services, you consent to us collecting your data and using it to improve our services, for our service functions, for contacting and sending messages, for evaluating usage behaviour, for advertising purposes, for customer care and for the demand-oriented design of our services.
we would like to point out that you can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future by sending an e-mail to [email protected]  or in writing to the address of optek-danulat gmbh.
the revocation is free of charge (with the exception of the transmission costs incurred by you).
if you do not give your consent or revoke one with effect for the future, we ask for your understanding that a personalized use of our services may not be possible.
9.
changes to our data protection declaration.
we reserve the right to adapt this data protection declaration so that it always complies with current legal requirements or to implement changes to our services in the data protection declaration.
your renewed visit will be subject to any changes to our privacy policy.
10.
contact person for questions regarding our data protection.
if you have any further questions about our privacy practices, or if you require information, correction, blocking or deletion of data, or if you wish to withdraw your consent or object to a specific use of data, please contact optek-danulat gmbh at [email protected]  or at the address given below.
company.
optek-danulat gmbh.
address.
emscherbruchallee 2, 45356 essen, germany.
attn.
vertraulich, datenschutz.
e-mail.
[email protected].
get in touch with optek.
quote.
information.
manual.
turbidity meters, colorimeters, uv, ph and conductivity sensors.
optek-danulat gmbh                			emscherbruchallee 2                			45356 essen                			germany.
+49-(0)201-63409-0.
optek-danulat inc.
united states                 			+1-262-437-3600.
optek-danulat pte.
ltd                			singapore                			+65-6562-8292.
optek-danulat shanghai co.
, ltd.
中国 / china                			+86-21-28986326.
privacy policy.
disclaimer.
contact.
search.
copyrights © 2022.
all rights reserved by optek-danulat.
