optimal design for successful interiors.
home.
about us.
services.
projectsmenu togglebefore and after.
before and after.
contact us.
blogmenu toggledesign trendsrenovations.
design trends.
renovations.
privacy policy.
optimal design systems international privacy policy.
at optimal design systems international, we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it.
this policy applies to information we collect.
on this website.
in e-mail, text, and other electronic messages between you and this website.
children under the age of 13.
this website is not intended for children under 13 years of age.
no one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on this website.
what personal data we collect and why we collect it.
we may collect personally-identifying information about you (such as your name, telephone number, or e-mail address).
any such voluntarily provided information may be used for our internal business and marketing purposes and may be disclosed to third parties for such purposes.
odsi or its third-party vendors may use cookies or other automatic data collection technologies for data tracking.
embedded content from other websites.
articles on this site may include embedded content (e.
g.
videos, links, images, articles, etc.
).
embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
these websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
we do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used.
cookies.
cookies (or browser cookies).
a cookie is a small file placed on a visitor’s computer hard drive.
cookies help us understand how the website is used.
this is purely for statistical information that helps us provide a better experience for all users of our website.
it also helps determine usage patterns and estimate our audience size.
we do not collect personal information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that you provide to us.
california privacy rights.
california civil code section § 1798.
83 permits users of our website that are california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
to make such a request, please contact us via the contact us link.
contact information.
to ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us via our contact us link.
thank you for visiting our website.
our mission is to create inspiring interior design solutions for now and in the future.
our company.
who we are.
about us.
services we provide.
what we have done.
our services.
new design.
renovation.
consulting.
site analysis.
contact details.
port saint lucie, fl.
954.
888.
5960.
