upcoming webinar.
from data to insight.
using fleet analytics for continuous optimization.
productsplatformautonomous mobile robotsfleet managerotto care.
platform.
autonomous mobile robots.
fleet manager.
otto care.
use cases.
resourcescalculate your roiebookswebinarscase studies and videosblog.
calculate your roi.
ebooks.
webinars.
case studies and videos.
blog.
companyabout usteamcareers — we're hiring.
newsroompartners.
about us.
team.
careers — we're hiring.
newsroom.
partners.
contact otto.
privacy.
what information do we collect.
we collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
when ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your.
name, e-mail address, phone number or state/province and country.
you may, however, visit our site anonymously.
what do we use your information for.
any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways.
to personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs).
to improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you).
to improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs).
to process transactions.
your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
to administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
to send periodic email.
the email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
how do we protect your information.
we implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
we offer the use of a secure server.
all supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via secure socket layer (ssl) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
after a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.
) will not be stored on our servers.
do we use cookies.
we implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
we offer the use of a secure server.
all supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via secure socket layer (ssl) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
after a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.
) will not be stored on our servers.
this website uses google adwords.
this website uses the google adwords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including google) to previous visitors to our site.
it could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry.
this could be in the form of an advertisement on the google search results page, or a site in the google display network.
third-party vendors, including google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the clearpath robotics website.
of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and google’s privacy policy.
do we disclose information to outside parties.
we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
this does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
we may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
however, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
third party links.
occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website.
these third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
we therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
california online privacy protection act compliance.
because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the california online privacy protection act.
we therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
children’s online privacy protection act compliance.
we are in compliance with the requirements of coppa (childrens online privacy protection act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age.
our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
online privacy policy only.
this online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
terms and conditions.
please also visit our terms and conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at .
your consent.
by using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
changes to our privacy policy.
if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the privacy policy modification date below.
this policy was last modified on monday, march 6th, 2017.
contacting us.
if there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
strasburg rd.
unit 2akitchener, ontario n2r 1h2 | 1-800-301-3863.
this policy is powered by trust guard pci compliance.
otto delivers value.
calculate your roi.
calculate your roi.
products.
platform.
amrs.
fleet manager.
otto care.
resources.
resource center.
blog.
agv vs.
amr.
roi calculator.
company.
about us.
team.
careers.
newsroom.
more.
use cases.
become a partner.
covid-19 response.
contact.
otto motors, a division of clearpath robotics.
1425 strasburg rd.
suite 2a kitchener, on n2r 1h21-844-see-otto (1-844-733-6886).
© clearpath robotics, inc.
all rights reserved.
privacy policy.
terms of service.
accessibility.
contact a person.
all fields are required.
please fill out the form below or call us toll free at 1-844-733-6886.
please accept marketing cookies to complete this form.
