productsos0ultra-wide view lidar sensoros1mid-range lidar sensoros2long-range lidar sensor compare our sensors explore our sensor lineup.
compare our sensors.
industriesautomotiveindustrialsmart infrastructurerobotics.
partnersdistributorssoftware & integration partners.
downloads.
developerssensor documentationouster sdkvisualizerssample data.
resourcesblogwebinarssupport.
companyabout usinvestorscareerscontact uspress.
productsos0ultra-wide view lidar sensoros1mid-range lidar sensoros2long-range lidar sensor compare our sensors explore our sensor lineup.
compare our sensors.
industriesautomotiveindustrialsmart infrastructurerobotics.
partnersdistributorssoftware & integration partners.
downloads.
developerssensor documentationouster sdkvisualizerssample data.
resourcesblogwebinarssupport.
companyabout usinvestorscareerscontact uspress.
talk to an expert.
privacy policy.
privacy policyeffective date.
october 1, 2017.
ouster is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our  website and of customers who use our ouster subscription platform website (“sites”).
we have established this privacy policy to explain what kinds of information we collect from our visitors, and how we use that collected information.
when you visit our sites in any manner, either through your computer or through a mobile device, you are accessing our services, and, consequently, you are consenting to and acknowledging that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this privacy policy.
a.
personally identifiable information.
personally identifiable information (“pii”) is information belonging to an individual and identifying that individual such as an individual’s full name, mailing address, e-mail address, social security number, government identification number (such as a driver’s license number or passport number), or account number for a credit or debit card or for another financial product or service.
also included in pii is information about the computer or mobile device that you use to access our sites.
as of the effective date above, we will collect, use, and share your pii in the following ways under this privacy policy.
1.
pii submitted by you.
we collect information that you submit when visiting the sites, which may include subscription registration information for our ouster system (your name, email or postal address, telephone number and user name and password), contact information if you contact us with an inquiry (email address, telephone number), or payment card information if you purchase a ouster subscription or components (name, billing and shipping address, card information, email and telephone number) or other information you submit.
a.
how we use pii submitted by you.
we use your registration information to allow you to set up a user account and profile and to personalize your experience on our sites.
we neither rent nor sell your pii to anyone, but we use the collected pii for our general commercial purposes such as to improve our sites and our services, and to grow our business.
we use your contact information to respond to your inquiries or to provide information to you.
b.
your control of our use of your pii.
you have the right to control the use of your pii.
if you do not want to receive general communications from us, you may opt-out of receiving such communications, and we ask that you please indicate your preferences.
you can add, update or delete your personal information.
and, if you are a customer or subscriber, you can delete your account registration.
please know that when you update or delete your information, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records, but never in a manner that would identify you personally.
2.
pii automatically gathered.
we automatically collect some information which gets recorded in our server logs when you visit the sites.
this pii includes your device’s ip address, location, browser and operating system, and statistics about how you use the sites.
if you connect to our sites using a mobile device we may also collect information about your device including the operating system and browser used and a unique device identification number.
we also collect “cookie” information.
“cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your browser or device that allow us to recognize your browser or device and tell us how and when pages and features in our sites are visited and by how many people.
a.
how we use pii automatically gathered.
we generally use the automatically gathered pii only in aggregate form, and not in a manner that would identify you personally (“non-pii”), because its value lies in allowing us to do quantitative analyses of the behavior and activities of large numbers of users.
for example, non-pii aggregate data can tell us how often users use a particular feature of the services, and we can use that knowledge to make the services more efficient, and to make them as useful to as many users as possible.
we also use non-pii for internal research and development purposes, to improve our products, and to improve and test the features and functions of our sites.
3.
other uses of pii.
we may, from time to time, use pii in a variety of other ways that relate to our business purposes.
a.
marketing and events.
we may use pii to deliver marketing and event communications to you across various platforms, such as email, telephone, text messaging, direct mail, and online via our sites.
if we send you a marketing email, it will include instructions on how to opt out of receiving these emails in the future.
please remember that even if you opt out of receiving marketing emails, we may still send you important information related to your account or to the services.
b.
surveys.
we may invite you to participate in a survey or take a questionnaire relating to some aspect of our business.
if you choose to participate in a ouster survey, any pii you provide may be used in non-pii form for marketing or market research purposes.
c.
social media.
some of our services may include social media features for communications among friends and information exchange purposes.
depending upon the service component, the pii you choose to post, share, upload, or make available is and will be public, non-confidential, and visible to others who use those services (unless we provide you affirmative communication that your communication is secure and private).
you should never post or share any information that is confidential or about others unless you have permission to do so.
we may use information you provide in social media contexts to personalize your experience and to make content and peer connection recommendations.
d.
legal obligations.
we may be required to use and retain pii for legal and compliance reasons, such as the following.
to prevent, detect, or investigate a crime such as fraud or identity theft.
to prevent loss of confidential information.
to meet our internal and external audit requirements.
to provide security.
to respond to requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities.
to enforce our terms and conditions.
to respond to any other necessary compliance circumstances under applicable laws.
and, to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, or those of other persons.
to help us achieve these lawful purposes, we reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information that we believe is necessary for us to comply with law or with an order from a court or regulatory agency, to enforce our agreements, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our employees, our visitors and subscribers, or others.
b.
pii and children.
coppa requires that online service providers obtain parental consent before they knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children who are under 13.
we do not knowingly collect or solicit pii from children under 13.
if you are a child under 13, please do not attempt to register with ouster or send any personal information about yourself to us through our sites.
if we learn we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible as may be required by coppa and other laws.
if you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us personal information without parental consent, please contact us at .
c.
pii and third parties.
as indicated above, we neither rent nor sell your pii to anyone.
however, we may share your pii with third parties as described in this section.
1.
contracts with vendors.
we may enter into contracts with other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf, and so we may need to share your pii with them to provide products or services to you.
for example, we may use a payment processing company to receive and process your credit card transactions for us.
these vendors do not have any right to use the pii we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us, and their agreements bind them to confidentiality obligations in regard to your pii.
2.
marketing and california’s shine the light law.
we may engage with a service provider for marketing and promotional purposes, and effective marketing may require us to provide some pii to the marketing service provider.
under california civil code sections 1798.
83-1798.
84, california residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of pii, which we share with any third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties.
if you are a california resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to .
3.
business asset transfers.
we may choose to buy or sell business assets.
in these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that would be transferred.
also, if we (or our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, pii could be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
in any transaction of this sort, strict confidentiality and non-disclosure provisions would bind the parties to an obligation to preserve the confidentiality of your pii.
4.
aggregate non-pii transfers.
we may anonymize your pii so that you are not individually identified, combine it with anonymized information of many other sites visitors, and then provide that non-pii information in aggregate form to our partners, who may perform various analytics on our sites or may use the aggregated information to develop their own marketing for their own business purposes.
in such circumstances, we never disclose aggregate information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally, as an individual.
d.
california online privacy protection act.
because we have customers in california, our privacy policy complies with the california online privacy protection act (“caloppa”).
two aspects of caloppa deserve special emphasis.
first, please know that you have the right to change, edit, or delete any of the pii we have collected from you during your use of our sites and our services.
if you desire to make such changes, please contact use at  second, please know that if you use a popular browser (such as, but not limited to, safari, chrome, or firefox) you can set the “do not track” (or dnt) preference setting on your browser to opt-out of online behavioral tracking, which is done by various companies, particularly by those that provide targeted advertising, and your right to opt-out of such tracking is protected under caloppa.
we do not track our site visitors over time and across third-party websites to provide targeted advertising, and, therefore, we do not respond to do not track (dnt) signals.
however, some third-party websites do track your browsing activities, which enables them to send you targeted advertising.
if you are visiting such third-party websites, your web browser allows you to set the dnt signal so that advertisers know you do not want to be tracked.
e.
additional policy information.
1.
no guarantee of complete security.
although we use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with industry standards to keep your pii secure, we cannot guarantee complete security.
if you are a ouster subscriber, your account is protected by a password for your privacy and security.
you bear the responsibility and obligation to prevent unauthorized access to your account and your pii by selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.
2.
policy updates.
we might make revisions or updates to this privacy policy.
if we make such an update or revision, we will also update the effective date above, and we will alert you to changes by placing a notice on our sites, and/or by emailing you, and/or by some other means.
please note that if you do not read new updates to the policy, those updates, once noticed and published, will still govern your use of the sites, and you are still responsible for understanding any update.
if you use one of the sites after any changes to the privacy policy have been posted (as indicated by the effective date above), that means you agree to all of the changes.
3.
product data policy.
ouster has a policy statement regarding ouster’s collection, use, and retention of environmental information gathered by the ouster system.
4.
questions.
if you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please send us a detailed message to and we will try to resolve your concerns.
