falls sie fragen haben, kontaktieren sie uns gerne hier.
falls sie fragen haben, kontaktieren sie uns gerne hier.
portal.
english deutsch español français italiano polski português.
english.
deutsch.
español.
français.
italiano.
polski.
português.
login.
portal.
english deutsch español français italiano polski português.
english.
deutsch.
español.
français.
italiano.
polski.
português.
data protection declaration.
1) information on the collection of personal data and contact details of the controller.
1.
1 we are pleased that you are visiting our website and thank you for your interest.
on the following pages, we inform you about the handling of your personal data when using our website.
personal data is all data with which you can be personally identified.
1.
2 the controller in charge of data processing on this website, within the meaning of the general data protection regulation (gdpr), is paj ug (haftungsbeschränkt), am wieschen 1, 51570 windeck, deutschland, tel.
+49 (0) 2292 39 499 59, e-mail.
the controller in charge of the processing of personal data is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data.
1.
3 the controller has designated a data protection officer for this website.
he can be reached as follows.
"johannes schmitz, am wieschen 1, 51570 windeck, +49 (0) 2292 3949959, .
1.
4 this website uses ssl or tls encryption for security reasons and to protect the transmission of personal data and other confidential content (e.
g.
orders or inquiries to the controller).
you can recognize an encrypted connection by the character string https.
// and the lock symbol in your browser line.
2) data collection when you visit our website.
when using our website for information only, i.
e.
if you do not register or otherwise provide us with information, we only collect data that your browser transmits to our server (so-called "server log files").
when you visit our website, we collect the following data that is technically necessary for us to display the website to you.
our visited website.
date and time at the moment of access.
amount of data sent in bytes.
source/reference from which you came to the page.
browser used.
operating system used.
ip address used (if applicable.
in anonymized form).
data processing is carried out in accordance with art.
6 (1) point f gdpr on the basis of our legitimate interest in improving the stability and functionality of our website.
the data will not be passed on or used in any other way.
however, we reserve the right to check the server log files subsequently, if there are any concrete indications of illegal use.
3) cookies.
in order to make your visit to our website attractive and to enable the use of certain functions, we use so-called cookies on various pages.
these are small text files that are stored on your end device.
some of the cookies we use are deleted after the end of the browser session, i.
e.
after closing your browser (so-called session cookies).
other cookies remain on your terminal and enable us or our partner companies (third-party cookies) to recognize your browser on your next visit (persistent cookies).
if cookies are set, they collect and process specific user information such as browser and location data as well as ip address values according to individual requirements.
persistent cookies are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may vary depending on the cookie.
you can check the duration of the respective cookie storage in the overview of the cookie settings of your web browser.
in some cases, cookies are used to simplify the ordering process by saving settings (e.
g.
remembering the content of a virtual shopping basket for a later visit to the website).
if personal data are also processed by individual cookies set by us, the processing is carried out in accordance with art.
6 (1) point b gdpr either for the execution of the contract or in accordance with art.
6 (1) point f gdpr to safeguard our legitimate interests in the best possible functionality of the website and a customer-friendly and effective design of the page visit.
we work together with advertising partners who help us to make our website more interesting for you.
for this purpose, cookies from partner companies are also stored on your hard drive when you visit our website (third-party cookies).
you will be informed individually and separately about the use of such cookies and the scope of the information collected in each case within the following sections.
please note that you can set your browser in such a way that you are informed about the setting of cookies and you can decide individually about their acceptance or exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or generally.
each browser differs in the way it manages the cookie settings.
this is described in the help menu of each browser, which explains how you can change your cookie settings.
you will find these for the respective browsers under the following links.
– internet explorer.
.
– firefox.
.
– chrome.
.
– safari.
.
– opera.
.
please note that the functionality of our website may be limited if cookies are not accepted.
4) contacting us.
when you contact us (e.
g.
via contact form or e-mail), personal data is collected.
which data is collected in the case of a contact form can be seen from the respective contact form.
this data is stored and used exclusively for the purpose of responding to your request or for establishing contact and for the associated technical administration.
the legal basis for processing data is our legitimate interest in responding to your request in accordance with art.
6 (1) point f gdpr.
if your contact is aimed at concluding a contract, the additional legal basis for the processing is art.
6 (1) point b gdpr.
your data will be deleted after final processing of your enquiry.
this is the case if it can be inferred from the circumstances that the facts in question have been finally clarified, provided there are no legal storage obligations to the contrary.
5) data processing when opening a customer account and for contract processing.
pursuant to art.
6 (1) point b gdpr, personal data will continue to be collected and processed if you provide it to us for the execution of a contract or when opening a customer account.
which data is collected can be seen from the respective input forms.
it is possible to delete your customer account at any time.
this can be done by sending a message to the above-mentioned address of the controller.
we store and use the data provided by you for contract processing.
after complete processing of the contract or deletion of your customer account, your data will be blocked in consideration of tax and commercial retention periods and deleted after expiry of these periods, unless you have expressly consented to further use of your data or a legally permitted further use of data has been reserved by our site, about which we will inform you accordingly below.
6) commentary function.
as a user you can subscribe to the follow-up comments.
you will receive a confirmation e-mail to ensure that you are the owner of the specified e-mail address (double opt-in procedure).
the legal basis for data processing in the case of subscribing to comments is art.
6 (1) point a gdpr.
you can unsubscribe from current comment subscriptions at any time with effect for the future.
please refer to the confirmation e-mail for further information on the option for unsubscribing.
7) use of client data for direct advertising.
7.
1 if you subscribe to our e-mail newsletter, we will send you regular information about our offers.
the only mandatory information for sending the newsletter is your e-mail address.
the indication of additional possible data is voluntary and is used to allow us to address you personally.
we use the so-called double opt-in procedure for sending newsletters.
this means that we will not send you an e-mail newsletter, unless you have expressly confirmed to us that you agree to the sending of such a newsletter.
we will then send you a confirmation e-mail asking you to confirm that you wish to receive future newsletters by clicking on an appropriate link.
by activating the confirmation link, you give us your consent to the use of your personal data in accordance with art.
6 (1) point a gdpr.
when you register for the newsletter, we store your ip address entered by the internet service provider (isp) as well as the date and time of registration so that we can trace any possible misuse of your e-mail address at a later time.
the data collected by us when you register for the newsletter will be used exclusively for the purpose of advertising by means of the newsletter.
you can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time via the link provided in the newsletter or by sending a message to the responsible person named above.
after your cancellation, your e-mail address will immediately be deleted from our newsletter distribution list, unless you have expressly consented to further use of your data or we reserve the right to use data in excess thereof, which is permitted by law and about which we inform you in this declaration.
7.
2 our e-mail newsletters are sent via the technical service provider, the rocket science group, llc d/b/a mailchimp, 675 ponce de leon ave ne, suite 5000, atlanta, ga 30308, usa ( to whom we pass on the data you provided when registering for the newsletter.
this disclosure is made in accordance with art.
6 (1) point f gdpr and serves our legitimate interest in the use of an effective, secure and user-friendly newsletter system.
please note that your data is usually transferred to a mailchimp server in the usa and stored there.
mailchimp uses this information to send and statistically evaluate the newsletter on our behalf.
for evaluation purposes, the e-mails sent contain so-called web beacons or tracking pixels, which represent single-pixel image files stored on our website.
this allows us to determine whether a newsletter message has been opened and which links have been clicked on.
in addition, technical information is recorded (e.
g.
time of retrieval, ip address, browser type and operating system).
the data is raised exclusively in a pseudonymized format and is not linked with other personal data from you.
a direct personal relationship is excluded.
this data is used exclusively for statistical analysis of newsletter campaigns.
the results of these analyses can be used to better adapt future newsletters to the interests of the recipients.
if you wish to object to the data analysis for statistical evaluation purposes, you must unsubscribe from the newsletter.
furthermore, mailchimp can use this data according to art.
6 (1) point f gdpr even on the basis of its own legitimate interest in the demand-oriented design and optimization of the service as well as for market research purposes, for example to determine from which countries recipients come.
however, mailchimp does not use the data of our newsletter recipients to address those recipients or pass that data on to third parties.
to protect your data in the usa, we have concluded a data processing agreement ("data-processing-agreement") with mailchimp on the basis of the standard contractual clauses of the european commission to enable the transmission of your personal data to mailchimp.
if you are interested in viewing this data processing agreement, you can do so at the following internet link.
.
mailchimp’s privacy policy can be viewed at.
.
7.
3 notification by e-mail of stock availabilityif our online shop provides the possibility of informing you by e-mail about the time of availability for selected, temporarily unavailable items, you can subscribe to our e-mail notification service for product availability.
if you register for our e-mail notification service for product availability, we will send you a one-time message by e-mail about the availability of the article you have selected.
the only mandatory information needed to send this notification is your e-mail address.
the indication of further data is voluntary and is used if appropriate, in order to be able to address you personally.
we use the so-called double opt-in procedure when sending this notification.
this means that we will only send you a corresponding notification after you have expressly confirmed that you agree to receive such a message.
we will then send you a confirmation e-mail asking you to click on a link to confirm that you wish to receive such notification.
by activating the confirmation link, you consent to the use of your personal data in accordance with art.
6 (1) point a gdpr.
when you register for our e-mail notification service for product availability, we store your ip address as registered by the internet service provider (isp) as well as the date and time of registration in order to be able to track any possible misuse of your e-mail address at a later time.
the data collected by us when you register for our e-mail notification service regarding the availability of goods is used exclusively for the purpose of informing you about the availability of a particular item in our online shop.
you can cancel the e-mail notification service for the availability of goods at any time by sending a corresponding message to the controller in charge of data processing named at the beginning.
after you have unsubscribed, your e-mail address will be deleted immediately from our distribution list, unless you have expressly consented to the further use of your data or unless we reserve the right to make further use of your data in accordance with the law about which we inform you in this declaration.
8) processing of data for the purpose of order handling.
8.
1 insofar as necessary for the processing of the contract for delivery and payment purposes, the personal data collected by us will be passed on to the commissioned transport company and the commissioned credit institution in accordance with art.
6 (1) lit.
b gdpr.
if we owe you updates for goods with digital elements or for digital products on the basis of a corresponding contract, we will process the contact data (name, address, e-mail address) provided by you when placing the order in order to inform you personally by suitable means of communication (e.
g.
by post or e-mail) about upcoming updates within the legally stipulated period of time within the framework of our statutory duty to inform pursuant to art.
6 (1) lit.
c gdpr.
your contact details will be used strictly for the purpose of informing you about updates owed by us and will only be processed by us for this purpose to the extent necessary for the respective information.
in order to process your order, we also work together with the following service provider(s), who support us in whole or in part in the execution of concluded contracts.
certain personal data is transmitted to these service providers in accordance with the following information.
8.
2 passing on personal data to shipping service providers.
– dhlif delivery of goods takes place by the transport service provider dhl (deutsche post ag, charles-de-gaulle-straße 20, 53113 bonn), we will pass on your e-mail address to dhl in accordance with art.
6 (1) point a gdpr, prior to delivery of the goods, for the purpose of coordinating a date of delivery or of a notice about the shipment status, only if you have given your express consent during the ordering process.
otherwise, only the name of the recipient and the delivery address will be passed on to dhl for the purpose of delivery in accordance with art.
6 (1) point b gdpr.
the data will only be passed on if this is necessary for the delivery of the goods.
in this case, prior agreement on the delivery date with dhl or transmission of status information for shipment delivery is not possible.
the consent can be revoked for future deliveries at any time, either with the controller or with the transport service provider dhl.
8.
3 use of payment service providers.
– amazon payif you choose the "amazon pay" payment method, payment will be processed by the payment service provider amazon payments europe s.
c.
a.
, 38 avenue john f.
kennedy, l-1855 luxembourg (hereinafter referred to as "amazon payments"), to whom we will pass on the information you provided during the order process together with the information about your order in accordance with art.
6 (1) point b gdpr.
your data will only be passed on for the purpose of payment processing with the payment service provider amazon payments and only to the extent necessary.
for more information about amazon payments’ privacy policy, please visit  klarnaif the payment method "klarna invoice purchase" or (if offered) the payment method "klarna installment purchase" is selected, payment is processed by klarna ab (publ), sveavägen 46, 111 34 stockholm, sweden (hereinafter "klarna").
to enable payment to be processed, your personal data (first and last name, street, house number, postcode, city, gender, e-mail address, telephone number and ip address) as well as data related to the order (e.
g.
b.
invoice amount, article, delivery type) is forwarded to klarna for the purpose of identity and creditworthiness check, provided you have expressly consented to this in accordance with art.
6 (1) point a gdpr within the ordering process.
you can view to which credit agencies your data may be forwarded at.
credit report can contain probability values (so-called score values).
if score values are included in the result of the credit report, they are based on recognized scientific, mathematical-statistical methods.
the calculation of the score values includes, but is not limited to, address data.
klarna uses the information received on the statistical probability of non-payment for a balanced decision on the establishment, implementation or termination of the contractual relationship.
you can revoke your consent at any time by sending a message to the controller responsible for data processing or to klarna.
however, klarna may still be entitled to process your personal data if this is necessary to process payments in accordance with the contract.
your personal data will be treated in accordance with the applicable data protection regulations and in accordance with klarna’s privacy policy regarding data subjects located in germany  regarding data subjects located in austria  paypalwhen you pay via paypal, credit card via paypal, direct debit via paypal or – if offered – "purchase on account" or "payment by instalments" via paypal, we transmit your payment data to paypal (europe) s.
a.
r.
l.
et cie, s.
c.
a.
, 22-24 boulevard royal, l-2449 luxembourg (hereinafter "paypal").
the transfer takes place in accordance with art.
6 (1) point b gdpr and only insofar as this is necessary for payment processing.
paypal reserves the right to carry out credit checks for the payment methods credit card via paypal, direct debit via paypal or, if offered, "purchase on account" or "payment by installments" via paypal.
for this purpose, your payment data may be passed on to credit agencies on the basis of paypal’s legitimate interest in determining your solvency pursuant to art.
6 (1) point f gdpr.
paypal uses the result of the credit assessment in relation to the statistical probability of non-payment for the purpose of deciding on the provision of the respective payment method.
the credit report can contain probability values (so-called score values).
if score values are included in the result of the credit report, they are based on recognized scientific, mathematical-statistical methods.
the calculation of the score values includes, but is not limited to, address data.
for further information on data protection law, including the credit agencies used, please refer to paypal’s data protection declaration at.
can object to this processing of your data at any time by sending a message to paypal.
however, paypal may still be entitled to process your personal data if this is necessary for contractual payment processing.
– sofortif you select the "sofort" payment method, payment will be processed by the payment service provider sofort gmbh, theresienhöhe 12, 80339 munich, germany (hereinafter "sofort"), to whom we will pass on your information provided during the order process together with the information about your order in accordance with art.
6 (1) point b gdpr.
sofort is part of the klarna group (klarna bank ab (publ), sveavägen 46, 11134 stockholm, sweden).
your data will only be passed on for the purpose of payment processing with the payment service provider sofort and only to the extent necessary.
sofort’s privacy policy can be viewed at.
stripeif you choose a stripe payment method, payment is processed by the payment service provider stripe payments europe ltd.
, 1 grand canal street lower, grand canal dock, dublin, ireland, to whom we pass on your information provided during the order process together with the information about your order (name, address, account number, bank code, bank code if applicable, credit card number, invoice amount, currency and transaction number) in accordance with art.
6 (1) point b gdpr.
your data will only be passed on for the purpose of payment processing with the payment service provider stripe payments europe ltd.
and only to the extent necessary.
for more information about stripe’s privacy policy, please visit.
.
9) use of videos.
use of youtube videos.
this website uses the youtube embedding function for display and playback of videos offered by the provider youtube, which belongs to google ireland limited, gordon house, 4 barrow st, dublin, d04 esw5, ireland ("google").
to this end, the extended data protection mode is used to ensure, according to provider information, that user information will only be stored once the playback function of the video is started.
when the playback of embedded youtube videos is started, the provider sets "youtube" cookies in order to collect information about user behavior.
according to indications from youtube, the use of those cookies is intended, among other things, to record video statistics, to improve user-friendliness and to avoid improper actions.
if you are logged in to google, your information will be directly associated with your account when you click on a video.
if you do not wish to be associated with your profile on youtube, you must log out before activating the button.
google saves your data (even for users who are not logged in) as usage profiles and evaluates them.
such an evaluation takes place in particular according to art.
6 (1) point f gdpr, on the basis of the legitimate interests of google in the insertion of personalized advertising, market research and/or demand-oriented design of its website.
you have the right to object to the creation of these user profiles, whereby you must contact youtube to exercise this right.
when using youtube, personal data may also be transmitted to the servers of google llc.
in the usa.
regardless of whether the embedded video is played back, a connection to the google network "double click" is established when visiting this website.
this may trigger further data processing beyond our control.
further information on youtube’s privacy policy can be found in the provider’s data protection declaration at.
.
to the extent required by law, we have obtained your consent to the processing of your data as described in accordance with art.
6 (1) point a gdpr.
you can withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future.
in order to exercise your right of withdrawal, please follow the procedure described above.
10) online-marketing.
google ads conversion tracking.
this website uses the online advertising program "google ads" and the conversion tracking within the framework of google ads, operated by google ireland limited, gordon house, 4 barrow st, dublin, d04 esw5, ireland ("google").
we use the program of google ads to draw attention to our attractive offers with the help of advertising materials (so-called google adwords) on external websites.
we can determine, in relation to the advertising campaigns data, how successful the individual advertising measures are.
we are interested in showing you advertisements that are of interest to you.
we want to make our website more interesting for you and to achieve a fair calculation of advertising costs.
the conversion tracking cookie is set on a user’s browser, if he clicks on an ad delivered by google.
cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer system.
these cookies usually lose their validity after 30 days and are not used for personal identification.
if the user visits a certain page of this website and if the cookie has not yet expired, google and we will be able to recognize that the user clicked on the ad and was forwarded to this page.
each google ads customer gets a different cookie.
thus, cookies cannot be traced via the website of google ads customers.
the information collected by the conversion cookies is used to provide aggregate conversion statistics to google ads customers who have opted-in for conversion tracking.
customers are informed about the total number of users who clicked on the ad and were forwarded to a conversion tracking tag page.
however, they do not get any information enabling them to identify users personally.
details on the processing operations initiated and on google’s handling of data collected from websites can be found here.
.
if you do not want to participate in the tracking program, you can refuse the use of this program by deactivating the google conversion tracking cookie via your internet browser through the user settings.
in this case, you will not be included in the conversion tracking statistics.
we use google ads on the basis of our legitimate interest in targeted advertising in accordance with art.
6 (1) point f gdpr.
when using google ads, personal data may also be transmitted to the servers of google llc.
in the usa.
for more information about google’s privacy policy, please visit.
.
you can permanently deactivate cookies for advertising preferences by blocking them via a respective setting of your browser software or by downloading and installing the browser plug-in, available under the following link.
please note that certain functions of this website may not be used, or may be used only to a limited extent, if you have deactivated the use of cookies.
to the extent required by law, we have obtained your consent to the processing of your data as described in accordance with art.
6 (1) point a gdpr.
you can withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future.
in order to exercise your right of withdrawal, please follow the procedure described above.
11) web analysis services.
google (universal) analytics with google signalsthis website uses google (universal) analytics, a web analytics service provided by google ireland limited, gordon house, 4 barrow st, dublin, d04 e5w5, ireland ("google").
google (universal) analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site.
the information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including the abbreviated ip address) is usually transferred to a google server and stored there, and may also be transferred to the servers of google llc.
in the usa.
this website uses google (universal) analytics exclusively with the extension "_anonymizeip()", which ensures anonymization of the ip address by shortening it and excludes the possibility of direct personal reference.
through the extension, your ip address will be shortened by google within member states of the european union or in other signatory states of the agreement on the european economic area before.
only in exceptional cases will the full ip address be transferred to a server of google llc.
in the usa and shortened there.
on our behalf, google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on the website activities and to provide us with further services related to the use of the website and the internet.
the ip address transmitted by your browser within the framework of google (universal) analytics is not combined with other google data.
via a special function called "demographics", google analytics also enables the compilation of statistics with statements about the age, gender and interests of site visitors based on an evaluation of interest-related advertising and with the use of third-party information.
this allows the definition and differentiation of user groups of the website for the purpose of target-group-optimized marketing measures.
however, data sets collected via "demographics" cannot be assigned to a specific person.
details on the processing operations initiated and on google’s handling of data collected from websites can be found here.
the processing described above, in particular the setting of google analytics cookies for reading information on the terminal device used, is only carried out if you have given us your express consent in accordance with art.
6 para.
1 letter a gdpr.
without this consent, the use of google analytics during your visit to our website will not take place.
you can withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future.
to exercise your right of withdrawal of consent, please deactivate this service in the "cookie-consent-tool" provided on the website.
we have concluded a data processing agreement with google for the use of google analytics, which obliges google to protect the data of our site visitors and not to pass it on to third parties.
for the transmission of data from the eu to the usa, google relies on so-called standard data protection clauses of the european commission, which are intended to ensure compliance with the european data protection level in the usa.
further information about google (universal) analytics can be found here.
website also uses the google signals service as an extension of google analytics.
with google signals, we can have google generate cross-device reports (so-called "cross device tracking").
if you have activated "personalized ads" in your settings in your google account and you have linked your internet-capable devices to your google account, google can analyze user behavior across devices and create database models based on this, provided that you have given the appropriate consent for the use of google analytics in accordance with art.
6 para.
1 letter a gdpr (see above).
the registrations and device types of all visitors to the site who were logged into a google account and have performed a conversion are taken into account.
the data shows, among other things, on which device you clicked on a display for the first time and on which device the corresponding conversion took place.
we do not receive any personal data from google, but only statistics based on google signals.
you have the option of deactivating the "personalized ads" function in the settings of your google account and thus turn off the cross-device analysis.
to do so, follow the instructions on this page.
information about google signals can be found here.
.
12) retargeting/remarketing/ referral advertising.
google ads remarketingour website uses the functions of google ads remarketing, which enable us to advertise our website in google search results, as well as on third-party websites.
the provider is google ireland limited, gordon house, 4 barrow st, dublin, d04 e5w5, ireland ("google").
to this end, google places a cookie in the browser of your terminal device, which automatically uses a pseudonymous cookie id on the basis of pages you visited to allow interest-based advertising.
processing is based on our legitimate interest in the optimal marketing of our website in accordance with art.
6 (1) point f gdpr.
any additional processing will only take place if you have agreed with google that your google internet and app browsing history will be linked to your google account and information from your google account will be used for personalized ads you view on the web.
if you are logged in to google while visiting our website, google will use your data in connection with google analytics data to create and define target group lists for cross-device remarketing.
to this end, google temporarily links your personal data with google analytics data to create target groups.
when using google ads, personal data may also be transmitted to the servers of google llc.
in the usa.
details on the processing operations initiated and on google’s handling of data collected from websites can be found here.
can permanently disable the setting of cookies for advertising preferences.
you may download and install the browser plug-in available at the following link.
you can contact the digital advertising alliance at  to find out how to set cookies and to make the relevant settings.
finally, you can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and decide individually whether to accept them, or whether to exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general.
if cookies are not accepted, the functionality of our website may be limited.
further information and google’s privacy policy regarding advertising can be viewed at.
the extent required by law, we have obtained your consent to the processing of your data as described in accordance with art.
6 (1) point a gdpr.
you can withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future.
in order to exercise your right of withdrawal, please follow the procedure described above.
13) tools and miscellaneous.
13.
1 borlabsthis website uses the cookie consent tool borlabs of the provider mr.
benjamin a.
bornschein, georg-wilhelm-str.
17, 21107 hamburg, germany ("borlabs"), which sets two technically necessary cookies ("borlabscookie" and "borlabscookieunblockcontent") to store your cookie preferences.
the aforementioned processing takes place in accordance with art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f gdpr on the basis of our legitimate interest in the provision of a cookie preference management system for website visitors.
the "borlabscookie" does not process any personal data.
the "borlabscookie" stores your selected preference, which you selected upon opening the website.
the "borlabscookieunblockcontent" cookie stores which (external) media/content you always want to have automatically unblocked.
if you wish to revoke these settings, simply delete the cookies in your browser.
when you reenter/reload the website, you will be asked again for your cookie preferences.
13.
2 google customer reviews (formerly google certified dealer program).
we cooperate with google llc in the framework of the "google customer reviews" program.
the provider is google ireland limited, gordon house, 4 barrow st, dublin, d04 e5w5, ireland ("google").
the program offers us the opportunity to obtain customer reviews from users of our website.
after making a purchase on our website, you will be asked whether you would like to participate in a google e-mail survey.
if you give your consent pursuant to art.
6 (1) point a gdpr, we transmit your e-mail address to google.
you will receive an email from google customer reviews asking you to rate the shopping experience on our site.
the feedback you provide will then be combined with our other reviews and displayed in our google customer reviews logo and merchant center dashboard and will also be used for google seller reviews.
when using google customer reviews, personal data may also be transmitted to the servers of google llc.
in the usa.
you can revoke your consent at any time by sending a message to the controller responsible for data processing or to google.
for more information about google’s privacy practices with google customer reviews, please visit  more information about google seller ratings’ privacy practices, visit this link.
.
13.
3 applications for job advertisements by e-mail.
on our website, we advertise current vacancies in a separate section, for which interested parties can apply by e-mail using the contact address provided.
if applicants want to be included in the application process, they must provide us with all personal details required for a well-founded and informed assessment and selection in conjunction with their application by e-mail.
the required data should include general personal information (name, address, telephone or electronic contact) as well as performance-specific evidence showing the qualifications required for the advertised position.
in addition, health-related information may be required, which in the interest of social protection must be given special attention to regarding the applicant’s person according to labor and social law.
the components an application must contain to be considered and the form in which these components must be sent by e-mail can be found in the respective job advertisement.
after receipt of the application sent using the e-mail contact address supplied, the applicant data will be stored by us and evaluated exclusively for the purpose of processing the application.
in the event of queries arising in the course of processing the application, we will use either the e-mail address supplied by the applicant with his application or a telephone number supplied, at our discretion.
the legal basis for such processing, including the contacting of applicants for queries, is basically art.
6 (1) point b gdpr in conjunction with art.
26 (1) federal data protection act.
according to these provisions, the completion of the application procedure is deemed to be the initiation of an employment contract.
if special categories of personal data within the meaning of art.
9 (1) gdpr (e.
g.
health data such as information on severely disabled status) are requested from applicants as part of the application procedure, processing will take place in accordance with art.
9 (2) point b gdpr, so as to enable us to exercise the rights arising from labor law, social security and social protection law and to fulfil our obligations in this regard.
the processing of special categories of data may also be based cumulatively or alternatively on art.
9 (1) point h gdpr if it is used for the purposes of health care or occupational medicine, for the assessment of the applicant’s ability to work, for medical diagnostics, health or social care or for the management of systems and services in the health or social sector.
if, in the course of the evaluation described above, the applicant is not selected or if an applicant withdraws his application prematurely, his data transmitted by e-mail as well as all electronic correspondence including the original application e-mail will be deleted at the latest after 6 months following a corresponding notification.
this period shall be determined on the basis of our legitimate interest in being able to answer any follow-up questions regarding the application and, if necessary, to comply with our obligation to provide evidence under the regulations governing the equal treatment of applicants.
in the event of a successful application, the data provided will be processed on the basis of art.
6 (1) point b gdpr in conjunction with art.
26 (2) federal data protection act for the purposes of implementing the employment relationship.
13.
4 trusted shops trustbadge.
the trusted shops trustbadge is included on this website to display our trusted shops seal of approval and to offer trusted shops membership to buyers after placing an order.
in this way, our legitimate interests in an optimal marketing of our offer are protected, within the meaning of art.
6 (1) point f gdpr.
the trustbadge and the services advertised with it are a service of trusted shops gmbh, subbelrather str.
15c, 50823 cologne.
when the trust badge is called up, the web server automatically stores a so-called server log file, which contains e.
g.
your ip address, date and time of the call, transferred data volume, the requesting provider (access data), and it documents the call.
this access data is not evaluated and is automatically overwritten at the latest seven days after the end of your page visit.
further personal data will only be transferred to trusted shops if you decide to use trusted shops products after completing an order or if you have already registered for use.
in this case, the contractual agreement between you and trusted shops applies.
14) rights of the data subject.
14.
1 the applicable data protection law grants you the following comprehensive rights of data subjects (rights of information and intervention) vis-à-vis the data controller with regard to the processing of your personal data.
– right of access by the data subject pursuant to art.
15 gdpr.
you shall have the right to receive the following information.
the personal data processed by us.
the purposes of the processing.
the categories of processed personal data.
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed.
the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period.
the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing personal data concerning the data subject or to object to such processing.
the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
where the personal are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source.
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling and at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
the appropriate safeguards pursuant to article 46 when personal data is transferred to a third country.
– right to rectification pursuant to art.
16 gdpr.
you have the right to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you and/or the right to have incomplete personal data completed which are stored by us.
– right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) pursuant to art.
17 gdpr.
you have the right to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning you if the conditions of art.
17 (2) gdpr are fulfilled.
however, this right will not apply for exercising the freedom of expression and information, for compliance with a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
– right to restriction of processing pursuant to art.
18 gdpr.
you have the right to obtain from the controller restriction of processing your personal data for the following reasons.
as long as the accuracy of your personal data contested by you will be verified.
if you oppose the erasure of your personal data because of unlawful processing and you request the restriction of their use instead.
if you require the personal data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, once we no longer need those data for the purposes of the processing.
if you have objected to processing on grounds relating to your personal situation pending the verification whether our legitimate grounds override your grounds.
– right to be informed pursuant to art.
19 gdpr.
if you have asserted the right of rectification, erasure or restriction of processing against the controller, he is obliged to communicate to each recipient to whom the personal date has been disclosed any rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing, unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort.
you have the right to be informed about those recipients.
– right to data portability pursuant to art.
20 gdpr.
you shall have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to require that those data be transmitted to another controller, where technically feasible.
– right to withdraw a given consent pursuant to art.
7 (3) gdpr.
you have the right to withdraw your consent for the processing of personal data at any time with effect for the future.
in the event of withdrawal, we will immediately erase the data concerned, unless further processing can be based on a legal basis for processing without consent.
the withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
– right to lodge a complaint pursuant to art.
77 gdpr.
without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if you consider that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes the gdpr.
14.
2 right to object.
if, within the framework of a consideration of interests, we process your personal data on the basis of our predominant legitimate interest, you have the right at any time to object to this processing with effect for the future on the grounds that arise from your particular situation.
if you exercise your right to object, we will stop processing the data concerned.
however, we reserve the right to further processing if we can prove compelling reasons worthy of protection for processing which outweigh your interests, fundamental rights and freedoms, or if the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
if we process your personal data for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data which are used for direct marketing purposes.
you may exercise the objection as described above.
if you exercise your right to object, we will stop processing the data concerned for direct advertising purposes.
15) duration of storage of personal data.
the duration of the storage of personal data is based on the respective legal basis, the purpose of processing and – if relevant – on the respective legal retention period (e.
g.
commercial and tax retention periods).
if personal data is processed on the basis of an express consent pursuant to art.
6 (1) point a gdpr, this data is stored until the data subject revokes his consent.
if there are legal storage periods for data that is processed within the framework of legal or similar obligations on the basis of art.
6 (1) point b gdpr, this data will be routinely deleted after expiry of the storage periods if it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or the initiation of the contract and/or if we no longer have a justified interest in further storage.
when processing personal data on the basis of art.
6 (1) point f gdpr, this data is stored until the data subject exercises his right of objection in accordance with art.
21 (1) gdpr, unless we can provide compelling grounds for processing worthy of protection which outweigh the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
if personal data is processed for the purpose of direct marketing on the basis of art.
6 (1) point f gdpr, this data is stored until the data subject exercises his right of objection pursuant to art.
21 (2) gdpr.
unless otherwise stated in the information contained in this declaration on specific processing situations, stored personal data will be deleted if it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed.
docid.
##itk-70455e22617c54df7aec08c2f62894d0##.
version.
202112201040.
+49 (0) 2292 39 499 59.
finder-portal.
paj localization portal.
manuals.
costless testing.
reasons for paj.
about the company.
career.
press.
faq.
blog.
shipping & delivery.
payment methods.
return.
device comparison.
paj finder app.
paj finder app.
login.
finder portal subscription.
to use your paj gps tracker, you must select a subscription model for activation.
the debit is made monthly in advance.
monthly cancelling.
automatically renews for one month at a time until you cancel.
30-day money-back guarantee.
the debit is made once a year in advance.
annually cancellable.
automatically renews for one year at a time until you cancel.
30-day money-back guarantee.
you save 24€ compared to the 1-month license (about 3 months).
debiting is made every 2 years in advance.
can be cancelled every 2 years.
automatically renews for 2 years at a time until you cancel.
30-day money-back guarantee.
you save 67,77€ compared to the 1-month license (approx.
9 months).
$7,99  per monthunlock now.
$69,99  per yearunlock now.
$119,99  every 2 yearsunlock now.
information on the 30-day money-back guarantee can be found here.
where can i find the identification number of my finder.
on the outside of the finder.
the finder id can be found on a label sticked on the outside of the device.
login.
username or email address *.
password *.
remember me log in.
lost your password.
