பறம்பு தமிழ்ச் சங்கம்.
வேள்பாரியால் இணைந்தோம்.
முகப்பு.
இலக்கியம்கதைகவிதைகட்டுரைசிறார்.
கதை.
கவிதை.
கட்டுரை.
சிறார்.
இயற்கை.
காட்சிக் கூடம்.
நிகழ்வுகள்.
அறிவிப்புகள்.
உறுப்பினர் படிவம்.
copyright & privacy policy.
who we are.
suggested text.
our website address is.
.
comments.
suggested text.
when visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s ip address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
an anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the gravatar service to see if you are using it.
the gravatar service privacy policy is available here.
after approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
media.
suggested text.
if you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (exif gps) included.
visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
cookies.
suggested text.
if you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies.
these are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment.
these cookies will last for one year.
if you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies.
this cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
when you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices.
login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year.
if you select “remember me”, your login will persist for two weeks.
if you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
if you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser.
this cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post id of the article you just edited.
it expires after 1 day.
embedded content from other websites.
suggested text.
articles on this site may include embedded content (e.
g.
videos, images, articles, etc.
).
embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
these websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
who we share your data with.
suggested text.
if you request a password reset, your ip address will be included in the reset email.
how long we retain your data.
suggested text.
if you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely.
this is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
for users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile.
all users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username).
website administrators can also see and edit that information.
what rights you have over your data.
suggested text.
if you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us.
you can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you.
this does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
where we send your data.
suggested text.
visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
நிகழ்வுகள்.
there are no upcoming events.
recent posts.
மீளா வட்டங்கள்.
மரப்பாச்சியின் முதுகு.
அவள் அவளாகத் தான் இருக்கிறாள்.
வல்லரசு எப்போது.
எண்ணிக்கை 75.
categories.
spotlight.
uncategorized.
அறிவிப்புகள்.
இயற்கை.
இலக்கியம்.
கட்டுரை.
கதை.
கவிதை.
காட்சிக் கூடம்.
சுதந்திர தினக் கவிதைகள்.
புத்தக விமர்சனம்.
மகளிர் தினக் கவிதைகள்.
meta.
log in.
entries feed.
comments feed.
wordpress.
org.
பறம்புத் தமிழ்ச் சங்கம்.
சங்கம் பற்றிய விபரங்கள்.
பறம்பு தமிழ்ச் சங்கம்.
சங்கம் பதிவு விபரங்கள்.
சங்க நிர்வாகம்.
உறுப்பினராக சேர.
copyright & privacy policy.
தொடர்பு கொள்ள.
பறம்பு தமிழ்ச் சங்கம்c/o ம.
ரவிச்சந்திரன்197 நான்காவது மெயின் ரோடுவி.
ஜி.
பி.
செல்வா நகர்வேளச்சேரி, சென்னை.
.
சமூக வலைத்தளங்களில் சந்திப்போம்.
copyright © 2022 | wordpress theme by mh themes.
