solutions.
customers.
pricing.
library.
support.
blog.
login.
sign upsign up.
privacy statement.
what information do we collect.
we collect information from you that you provide when you use the contact form and when you register on the site.
when ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your.
name or e-mail address.
you may also visit our site anonymously.
google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to track statistics for our site.
users may opt out of the use of the google cookie by visiting the google ad and content network privacy policy.
what do we use your information for.
any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways.
to personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs).
to improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you).
how do we protect your information.
we implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
do we use cookies.
yes (cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
we may use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits.
do we disclose any information to outside parties.
we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
this does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
we may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
however, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
third party links.
occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website.
these third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
we therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
online privacy policy only.
this online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
your consent.
by using our site, you consent to our website's privacy policy.
changes to our privacy policy.
if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the privacy policy modification date below.
this policy was last modified 25 february 2013.
contacting us.
if there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us here.
solutions.
digital stamp card solution.
digital coupons solution.
membership and loyalty card solution.
the passkit api.
membership solutions.
hospitality solutions.
travel retail solutions.
insurance solutions.
resources.
library.
case studies.
sample passes.
developer documentation.
loopy loyalty blog.
support center.
company.
about.
press.
blog.
legal.
contact us.
© copyright 2012-2022 passkit, inc.
all rights reserved.
