english		  							čeština				 							english.
čeština.
english.
homenavigate the futureabout uswhat do we doour rootshistory.
navigate the future.
about us.
what do we do.
our roots.
history.
company policycorporate philosophycompany management policypuregms policypurecsrrba & pegatron statement.
corporate philosophy.
company management policy.
puregms policy.
purecsr.
rba & pegatron statement.
synopsisloginregisters/n status.
login.
register.
s/n status.
join usemployees' benefitsemployee health and safetyvacancies.
employees' benefits.
employee health and safety.
vacancies.
reach usaddresscontactsmap.
address.
contacts.
map.
pegaservice.
navigate the future.
towards success.
effectively.
with benefits.
to reach your goal.
with support, always.
hw producerrepair servicesservice solution consultingconfidentiality policymonitor your project onlinerefurbishmentmaterial supportbga serviceslogistic solutionreplacement programwarehouse services.
repair services.
service solution consulting.
confidentiality policy.
monitor your project online.
refurbishment.
material support.
bga services.
logistic solution.
replacement program.
warehouse services.
operatorlogistic solutionrefurbishmentwarehouse servicesservice solution consultingconfidentiality policymonitor your project onlinematerial supportreplacement programrepair servicesbga services.
logistic solution.
refurbishment.
warehouse services.
service solution consulting.
confidentiality policy.
monitor your project online.
material support.
replacement program.
repair services.
bga services.
small enterprisereplacement programlogistic solutionwarehouse servicesrefurbishmentmaterial supportbga servicesservice solution consultingmonitor your project onlinerepair servicesconfidentiality policy.
replacement program.
logistic solution.
warehouse services.
refurbishment.
material support.
bga services.
service solution consulting.
monitor your project online.
repair services.
confidentiality policy.
privacy policy.
pegatron privacy policy.
this website, “ (the “website”), is a website operated and maintained by pegatron czech s.
r.
o.
(id.
267 30 847, based in na rovince 862, ostrava-hrabová, zip code.
720 00) (hereinafter referred to as “we”, “pegatron” or “us”).
this pegatron privacy policy provides you with information regarding the type of personal information pegatron collects and processes, the purpose and basis for such collection and processing, how such personal information is processed, for how long such personal information will be retained, and your rights to such information.
collection and protection of personal information.
in general, you are not required to provide any personal information for purpose of browsing through the website.
personal information will only be required when you choose to contact us through the online contact form on the website.
pegatron collects your personal information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select.
we may use your personal information to provide you with our services, to process your requests or as otherwise may be necessary to perform the contract between you and pegatron, to manage our services, to inform you of services or promotions we may offer.
in order to fulfill the purposes described above, we may also transfer your business contact information outside of eu to our parent company which is located in taiwan.
all personal information pegatron collects from you will be stored on a secured server.
the personal information that you provide in connection with registering yourself as a pegatron website user is classified as registration information.
registration information is protected in several ways.
access by you to your registration information is available through a password and unique customer id selected by you.
this password is encrypted.
since we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur, we recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone.
if you are sharing a computer with others, you should always choose to log out before leaving a site of service to protect access to your information from subsequent users.
in addition, we encrypt your registration information and thereby prevent unauthorized parties from viewing such information when it is transmitted to us, e.
g.
the secure socket layer (ssl) security technology used as a data transmission encryption mechanism.
if the personal information you provide is not registration information, such information is only accessible by authorized personnel of pegatron via password.
since this personal information is not accessible from outside of pegatron, you will not be asked to select a password in order to view or modify such information.
your rights.
unless otherwise required by applicable law, you are entitled to the following rights with regard to your personal information we collect and process.
object to the processing of your personal information based on grounds other than your express consent.
impose restriction on processing of your personal information, such as turning down the processing for marketing purpose.
search, review your personal information.
copy your personal information.
transfer your personal information that has been provided by you to pegatron in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to a third party or a device as designated by you.
demand rectification of incorrect or incomplete data.
and.
require deletion or removal of your personal information.
we will process your request pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations.
except as otherwise required by applicable law, we will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for us to fulfill the purposes for which such information is collected.
thereafter, we will destroy or delete your personal information or make it anonymous such that it cannot be identified or traced back to you.
use of cookies.
in order to improve our website, we use "cookies" to track your visit.
a cookie is small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you.
it functions as your identification card, recording your passwords, purchases, and preferences.
it cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses.
most browsers are initially set to accept cookies.
you can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it.
since our web pages require user authorization, cookies are not optional.
users choosing not to accept cookies will probably not be able to access those pages.
we use cookies to track your visit to our website and log the ip/internet address of your computer.
cookies we use.
links to third-party website.
this website may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information.
if you access those links, you would be leaving this website.
we do not control those websites or their privacy practices, which may differ from that of the website.
we do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites.
personal information you choose to give to unrelated third parties is not covered by this policy.
we encourage you to review the privacy policy of any such third-party websites before submitting your personal information thereon.
children's policy.
we do not knowingly collect personal information from children without appropriate parental or guardian consent.
if you believe that we may have collected personal information from someone under the applicable age of consent without proper consent, please contact us through webmaster contact ( and we will take appropriate measures to investigate and address the issue promptly.
changes to this privacy policy.
we may change the terms of this privacy policy from time to time as required.
in the event of any change or update to this privacy policy, we will post such change/update on this website.
we endeavor to ensure that your online privacy is protected.
contact us.
if you have any concerns as to how your personal information is collected or processed or should you wish to exercise your rights regarding your personal information, you can contact us through our webmaster contact ( you have the right to lodge a complaint with the office of data protection should you believe that we have violated your privacy right through inappropriate use of your personal information and fail to cure such breach promptly upon notification.
pegatron menu.
home.
company policy.
join us.
reach us.
the web site operator pegatron czech s.
r.
o.
, as a personal data manager, processes cookies on this site to improve website environments, for analytical purposes, and for targeted advertising.
by further browsing this site, you agree to their use.
more information.
© pegatron czech s.
r.
o.
2017.
webmaster contact.
