metos by pessl instruments.
sectorsagriculture – cropsagriculture – livestocksmart cityoem.
agriculture – crops.
agriculture – livestock.
smart city.
oem.
productshardwarestations & dataloggersimetos vwsminimetos soillorathlorainnmetosµmetos nb-iotμmetos soil loraμmetos clima loraimetos 3.
3imetos ica10 nb-iotiscout®cropview®imetos worktrackimetos mobilabdualeximetos soilguardsolantennametos® aossensorssoftware & appsservicessatellite licenseimetos vwsweather monitoringweather forecastwater managementdisease modelsinsect monitoringremote field monitoringresource managementnutrition managementspray quality assessmentcrop solutions.
hardwarestations & dataloggersimetos vwsminimetos soillorathlorainnmetosµmetos nb-iotμmetos soil loraμmetos clima loraimetos 3.
3imetos ica10 nb-iotiscout®cropview®imetos worktrackimetos mobilabdualeximetos soilguardsolantennametos® aossensors.
stations & dataloggersimetos vwsminimetos soillorathlorainnmetosµmetos nb-iotμmetos soil loraμmetos clima loraimetos 3.
3imetos ica10 nb-iotiscout®cropview®imetos worktrackimetos mobilabdualeximetos soilguardsolantennametos® aos.
imetos vws.
minimetos soil.
lorath.
lorain.
nmetos.
µmetos nb-iot.
μmetos soil lora.
μmetos clima lora.
imetos 3.
3.
imetos ica10 nb-iot.
iscout®.
cropview®.
imetos worktrack.
imetos mobilab.
dualex.
imetos soilguard.
solantenna.
metos® aos.
sensors.
software & apps.
servicessatellite licenseimetos vwsweather monitoringweather forecastwater managementdisease modelsinsect monitoringremote field monitoringresource managementnutrition managementspray quality assessment.
satellite license.
imetos vws.
weather monitoring.
weather forecast.
water management.
disease models.
insect monitoring.
remote field monitoring.
resource management.
nutrition management.
spray quality assessment.
crop solutions.
supportsupportreturn policymanuals & firmwarelearning.
support.
return policy.
manuals & firmware.
learning.
contactcontactdistributorsjoin the team.
contact.
distributors.
join the team.
about usteamhistory.
team.
history.
blog.
language.
english deutsch italiano español português do brasil русский українська français polski turkish.
english.
deutsch.
italiano.
español.
português do brasil.
русский.
українська.
français.
polski.
turkish.
pessl instruments gmbh – privacy policy.
overview.
last update.
may 2018.
this website is operated by pessl instruments gmbh.
throughout the site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to pessl instruments gmbh and all its brands, branches, services and products offered being the principal ones listed in annex i.
pessl instruments gmbh offers these websites, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated.
by visiting our site and/ or purchasing something from us, you engage in our “service” and agree to be bound by the following privacy policy (“privacy policy”, “data policy”), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink.
these privacy policy apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/ or contributors of content.
please read these policy carefully before accessing or using our website.
by accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these data policy.
if you do not agree to all the terms of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any services.
if these terms of service are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms of service.
any new features or tools which are added to the current store/platform/site shall also be subject to the terms of service.
you can review the most current version of the terms of service at any time on this page.
we reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these privacy policy by posting updates and/or changes to our website.
it is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes.
your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
pessl instruments gmbh is committed to respecting the personal privacy of individuals who use the pessl instruments gmbh website or related services.
this privacy statement describes pessl instruments gmbh’s current policies and practices with regard to personal information collected by pessl instruments gmbh through this site.
this privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘personally identifiable information’ (pii) is being used online.
please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your personally identifiable information in accordance with our website.
section 1 – applicability.
the privacy policy applies to all our websites, apps, services, features, software and platform, (together, services) unless specified otherwise and/or specific conditions exist for a specific website.
annex i contains not limited to all the main sites and softwares offered by us.
agreeing to these privacy policy, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
you may not use our products and/or services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
you must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature.
a breach or violation of any of the policy will result in an immediate termination of your services.
our privacy policy link includes the word ‘privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above.
section 2 – personal information.
section 2.
1 – personal information we collectwe may collect personal identification information from users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when users visit our site, register on the site fill out a form subscribe to the newsletter and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our site.
users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, address, phone number, credit card information, among others.
we will collect personal identification information from users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us.
users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain site related activities.
section 2.
2 –other information we collectwe call other information or other data all information collected different than personal information.
we collect other data through variety of sources.
one of our sources is fieldclimate – we collect the following information and other information of a similar nature.
the name of your internet service provider, its ip address, and the name of its server.
your operating system (windows, macintosh, unix, and so on).
and your browser type (netscape, internet explorer, firefox and so on).
this information does not identify you personally or your company and is not linked to your username or password.
pessl instruments gmbh uses this information to improve our site and make it more compatible with the technology used by our visitors.
the website shares some web site traffic information about web site visitors who have clicked on an online banner with a reputable third-party advertising company for the purpose of targeting future campaigns and upgrading visitor information used in reporting statistics.
for this purpose, we and our third-party advertising company note some of the pages you visit on our web site through the use of pixel tags (also called clear gifs).
the information collected by our third-party advertising company through the use of these pixel tags is not personally identifiable.
we call also other agricultural data to all the information obtained through weather stations and other sensors that collect data from fields regarding temperatures, soil conditions, wind, water level, among others.
all this information generated by the use of our websites and our services as described in our terms of use.
section 2.
3 – when we collect informationwe collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
provide us with feedback on our products or services.
pessl instruments gmbh collects the personal information you supply when you use this site, for example, the information you provide when you register to use this site, when you download software, or when you personalize this site to meet your specific needs.
this information includes, for example, your name, the name of your company, your or your company’s mailing address, your e-mail address, and information about your interests.
section 2.
4 – how do we collect informationwe may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways.
to personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
•	to improve our website in order to better serve you.
•	to allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
•	to administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
•	to quickly process your transactions.
•	to ask for ratings and reviews of services or products•	to follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries).
pessl instruments gmbh uses the personal information you supply to provide the information, services and products you request and to personalize this site to meet your specific needs.
for example, we use address information to provide local weather information to you.
we use information about your business to provide news articles that will be of interest to you.
we use your e-mail address to respond to your comments and questions.
we use name, contact, and other information to identify you personally and determine your legal capacity and authority to enter into binding contracts, such as the user agreement or a software license.
pessl instruments gmbh also uses the personal information collected through this site to improve the content and functionality of this site, to better understand our customers and markets, to improve our products and services and to market our products and services to our customers and potential customers, including those who are registered users of this site.
from time to time, we may contact you with offers and information about agricultural products and services we believe will be of interest to you.
if you do not want us to contact you for such purposes please send us an e-mail to .
use of agriculture datawe use the other agriculture data anonymously as weather degrees, soil conditions and other agricultural data obtained through our products to improve our services and products, and better understand trends and changes in the climate and how weather and agriculture metrics and changes are affecting globally.
section 2.
5 – how do we protect this informationour website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
in addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via secure socket layer (ssl) technology.
we implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
all transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
section 2.
6 – disclosure of personal infomationpessl instruments gmbh shares information collected through this site with its affiliates, who may use the information to respond to inquiries, fulfil orders, respond to support queries and other business purposes.
both pessl instruments gmbh and its affiliates share information collected through this site with third-party vendors who act for or on behalf of pessl instruments gmbh and/or its affiliates, for example, companies that provide support services to us or that help us market our products and services.
these companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions.
these companies are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose.
in addition, there may be some other, limited circumstances in which pessl instruments gmbh or its affiliates may share or transfer the information in their databases to an unrelated third party, for example, to comply with a legal requirement, for the administration of justice, to protect your or your company’s vital interests, or in the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event.
where appropriate, before disclosing personal information to a third party, pessl instruments gmbh will contractually require the third party to take adequate precautions to protect that data against unauthorized use or disclosure.
section 2.
7 – disclosure of other agricultural informationboth pessl instruments gmbh and its affiliates might share non personal information and only other information collected through this site with third-parties, for example and not limited to, companies that provide support services to us or that help us market our products and services.
in the case that other agriculture information is shared, this information could be shared anonymously and does not identify you personally or your company and is not linked to your username or password.
section 3 – cookies.
section 3.
1 – do we use cookies.
yes.
cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
for instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart.
they are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services.
we also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
section 3.
2 – we use cookies for.
compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
we may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies.
you do this through your browser settings.
since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
if you turn cookies off, some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.
it won’t affect the user’s experience that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
section 3.
3 list of cookies.
section 4 – third parties.
section 4.
1 – third-parties disclosurewe do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide users with advance notice.
this does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
we may also release information when it’s release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.
however, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
section 4.
2 – third-parties linksusers may find advertising or other content on our site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties.
we do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our site.
in addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing.
these sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies.
browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
section 4.
3 – google advertisingwe, along with third-party vendors such as google, use first-party cookies (such as the google analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the doubleclick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
section 5 – other topics.
section 5.
1 – coppa (children online privacy protection act)pessl instruments gmbh does not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of eighteen.
if you are under eighteen, please do not give us any personal data.
if you have reason to believe that a child has provided personal data to pessl instruments gmbh, and we will endeavour to delete that information from our databases.
when it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the children’s online privacy protection act (coppa) puts parents in control.
the federal trade commission, united states’ consumer protection agency, enforces the coppa rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
section 5.
2 –  fair practicesin order to be in line with fair information practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur.
we will notify you via email within 2 weeks.
we also agree to the individual redress principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law.
this principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
section 5.
3 –  acceptance of termsyour acceptance of these termsby using this site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service.
if you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site.
your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
section 5.
4 –  changespessl instruments gmbh has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time.
if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our services.
we encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.
you acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
you will be notified of any privacy policy changes.
• on our privacy policy page.
section 5.
5 –  data access and correctionsif you wish to access or correct personal information collected through this site, please write our data protection officer at pessl instruments gmbh, werksweg 107, 8160 weiz, austria.
please provide enough information to permit us to identify your personal information.
we will respond to your requests in a prompt and proper manner.
if we can accommodate your request without incurring significant expense, we will attempt to do so.
pessl instruments gmbh does not charge for complying with a correction request.
however, for all other requests, pessl instruments gmbh may charge a small fee to cover its costs.
requests to correct or delete personal data are subject to any applicable legal and ethical reporting or document retention obligations imposed on pessl instruments gmbh.
section 5.
6 –  governing lawthis privacy policy forms part of the pessl instruments terms of use and as such shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of austria.
section 5.
7 –  spamwe collect your email address in order to.
•	send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions•	process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
•	send you additional information related to your product and/or service•	market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
to be in accordance with spam regulations, we agree to the following.
•	not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
•	identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
•	include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
•	monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
•	honour opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
•	allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
if at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us.
follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from all correspondence.
contacting usif you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at.
pessl instruments gmbh 107, weiz.
8160 – austria+43 31 72 55 .
projects.
distributors.
careers.
press releases.
terms of use.
impressum.
jadeberg partners.
