productspharos cloudprint insightsdirect printsecure releaseprint-at-homemobile printingblueprintuniprint.
pharos cloudprint insightsdirect printsecure releaseprint-at-homemobile printing.
print insights.
direct print.
secure release.
print-at-home.
mobile printing.
blueprint.
uniprint.
solutionswhat is print management.
enterprise print managementinsurance & financialgovernment agencieshealthcarehigher educationsupported printers and mfds.
what is print management.
enterprise print management.
insurance & financial.
government agencies.
healthcare.
higher education.
supported printers and mfds.
resourcesblogeventscase studiesebooks, whitepapers, and guidesreportsvideo librarycommunity.
blog.
events.
case studies.
ebooks, whitepapers, and guides.
reports.
video library.
community.
companyabout ussustainabilityour partnerscareersnewscontact.
about us.
sustainability.
our partners.
careers.
news.
contact.
support.
request a demo.
productspharos cloudprint insightsdirect printsecure releaseprint-at-homemobile printingblueprintuniprint.
pharos cloudprint insightsdirect printsecure releaseprint-at-homemobile printing.
print insights.
direct print.
secure release.
print-at-home.
mobile printing.
blueprint.
uniprint.
solutionswhat is print management.
enterprise print managementinsurance & financialgovernment agencieshealthcarehigher educationsupported printers and mfds.
what is print management.
enterprise print management.
insurance & financial.
government agencies.
healthcare.
higher education.
supported printers and mfds.
resourcesblogeventscase studiesebooks, whitepapers, and guidesreportsvideo librarycommunity.
blog.
events.
case studies.
ebooks, whitepapers, and guides.
reports.
video library.
community.
companyabout ussustainabilityour partnerscareersnewscontact.
about us.
sustainability.
our partners.
careers.
news.
contact.
support.
request a demo.
privacy policy.
having invented secure pull printing technology (the first of its kind to tackle security and confidentiality concerns around printers), protecting your privacy is very important to us at pharos.
we know you care about how any personal data we receive about you is used and shared, so this privacy policy explains the types of information we collect, how we collect it, what we do with it, how we keep it safe, and what you can do if you have questions or concerns.
definitions.
(just to make sure we are all on the same page about who’s who).
we are pharos systems international.
when we say “we”, “us”, “our” or “pharos”, we are referring to ourselves.
when we mention “you”, “your”, or “user”, we’re referring to people who use or engage with the pharos brand, products and services.
it also refers to people visiting our sites including engaging in social media.
trusted partners – manufacturers, value-added resellers (vars), and distributors.
when we mention our “sites”, we are collectively referring to the following.
“domains”.
websites operated by us, from which you are accessing this privacy notice.
“apps”.
software applications made available by us for use on or through computers and mobile devices, through our social media pages and apps, and other services provided by us both online and offline.
as well as through email messages that we send to you that link to this privacy notice.
“domains”.
websites operated by us, from which you are accessing this privacy notice.
“apps”.
software applications made available by us for use on or through computers and mobile devices, through our social media pages and apps, and other services provided by us both online and offline.
as well as through email messages that we send to you that link to this privacy notice.
what types of information does pharos collect.
in a nutshell, the type of information we collect will depend on your interactions with pharos.
it may include.
personal data.
“personal data” is information that, directly or indirectly, identifies you or another individual and which may include.
name, title, company name, job function, expertise, postal address, telephone number, email address, browser and device information (including ip address), user names and passwords, and information collected through cookies and other similar technologies.
if you submit any personal data relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with the sites, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this privacy notice.
event registration information.
we may collect registration information related to your attendance at pharos events, including travel info, scheduling information, food preferences or allergies, accessibility requests and others.
third party data.
we may receive your personal information from third party suppliers or partners.
if you connect with pharos accounts on third party social networking sites, we may receive information about your social networking accounts, for example, your name, user name or display name, public profile, and email address.
we may combine information you provide with data we collect automatically and with data we receive from third parties.
certain third parties, including analytics companies, advertisers and ad networks, may automatically collect information about you through our websites using cookies, web beacons, and device identifiers, including personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites, devices, online channels and applications.
images, video and recordings.
pictures, videos or audio recordings may be collected by pharos.
for example, if you attend a pharos event, your image may be captured in a photo or video.
other information.
“other information” is any information that does not and cannot be used to reveal your identity or that of another individual, such as information which has been fully and permanently anonymized and aggregated or encrypted and masked.
we use this information to facilitate our operation of the sites and for other purposes described below.
if you decline to provide your personal information or ask us to delete it, we may be unable to continue to provide or support our products or services.
how does pharos collect information.
this personal information is collected through a variety of ways.
for example, we collect personal information through the registration and use of our software and mobile apps, whether downloaded or accessed through a cloud-based service.
we also collect personal information when you use or visit pharos websites, attend a pharos hosted or sponsored event, or participate in the pharos community.
we may receive your personal information if you are a pharos supplier, partner or reseller.
we may also receive your information from third party partners.
if you have other agreements with pharos, then those agreements control with regard to the subject matter they cover.
through the sites.
we collect information through the sites, e.
g.
, when you request a demo, register for a webinar, contact us, subscribe to our email newsletter, download content (e.
g.
whitepapers), or register to use our sites.
offline.
we collect information from you offline, such as when you attend one of our events, during phone calls with sales representatives, or when you contact a pharos representative.
through you.
pharos collects information such as your location or your preferred means of communication when you voluntarily provide it.
unless combined with personal data, this information does not personally identify you or any other user of the sites.
information from other sources.
in order to enhance our ability to provide relevant marketing, offers, and services to you, we obtain information about you from other sources, such as partners, social media platforms, as well as from other third parties.
through your browser or device.
certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your media access control (mac) address, computer type (windows or macintosh), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, internet browser type and version, and the name and version of the sites (such as the apps) you are using.
your “ip address” is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your internet service provider (isp).
an ip address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever you access the sites, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that you visited.
collecting ip addresses is standard practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services.
through cookies and other similar technologies.
“cookies” include commonly used pieces of information in the form of small files that are placed on an individual’s device to enable the individual to more easily communicate and interact with the sites.
when you visit our sites, we may send one or more cookies to your device.
they enable us to store information about your device which helps us, among other things, to provide you with a good experience when you browse our sites and enhance the level of services and functions provided.
we also use third parties to serve advertisements on other websites that may be of interest to you, based on information collected about your use of our sites and other websites.
to do so, these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie or similar on your browser.
pharos recognizes automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include ‘do not track’ instructions.
by aggregating information.
aggregated personal data does not personally identify you or any other user of the sites (for example, we may aggregate personal data to calculate the percentage of our users who live in a particular state).
how does pharos use personal data.
we use personal data to.
provide and deliver products or services, including software updates.
operate and improve our operations, systems, products, and services.
understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience.
respond to your comments and questions, fulfill your requests, and provide customer service.
send you service-related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages (transactional information).
communicate with you and your referrals about promotions, upcoming events, and news about products and services offered by pharos and our selected partners.
link or combine information about you with other personal information we get from third parties, to help understand your needs and provide you with better and more personalized service.
to send you marketing communications, including email in compliance with applicable laws and in accordance with your preferences, that we believe may be of interest to you.
for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products, enhancing, improving or modifying our sites and services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities.
enforce our terms and conditions or protect our business, partners, or users.
or.
protect against, investigate, and deter fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.
how will pharos share personal data it receives.
pharos blog and social media pages.
personal data may also be disclosed by you through the sites, on forums, chat, profile pages and blogs and other services to which you are able to post information and materials (including, without limitation, our pharos blog, at  and social media pages).
this information can appear in public ways, such as through search engines or other publicly available platforms, and can be “crawled” or searched by third parties.
please do not post any information that you do not want to reveal to the public at large.
profiling and automated decision-making.
pharos combines data obtained by the methods described above to help us determine what products and services might be of interest to you and when you might be ready to make a purchase based on repeated interaction with pharos websites, emails, and content.
pharos marketing and sales personnel are involved in this process and no automated decisions are made that would result in legal effects or similarly significantly affect an individual.
how does pharos use and disclose other information.
we use and disclose other information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law.
if we are required to treat other information as personal data under applicable law, then we would use or disclose it in the same way that we use and disclose personal data.
in some instances, we may combine other information with personal data (such as combining your name with the name of your organization).
if that combination permits you to be identified, we will treat the combined information as personal data for as long as it is combined.
how does pharos secure personal data about me.
we have implemented appropriate organizational, technical, and administrative measures to protect personal data within our organization, including security controls to prevent unauthorized access to our systems.
while we take reasonable steps to secure your personal data from loss, misuse, interference and unauthorized access, modification and disclosure, you should be aware no security procedures or protocols are ever guaranteed to be 100 percent secure from intrusion or hacking, and there is therefore always some risk assumed by sharing personal data online.
if there is a high risk of harm in the event of a breach we will report to our data protection authority as soon as possible after becoming aware of the breach and to the data subjects as soon as possible.
if you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of your account has been compromised), please immediately notify us in accordance with the “questions, concerns and complaints” section below.
third party sites.
the sites permit you to link to other websites on the internet through direct links or through applications such as “share” or “like” buttons, and other websites likewise may contain links to the sites.
the information practices or content of such other websites is governed by the privacy statements of those websites and not by this privacy notice.
we encourage you to review the privacy policies found on such other websites, services, and applications to understand how your information is collected and used by them.
similarly, please note that we are not responsible for the collection, use and disclosure policies and practices (including the data security practices) of other organizations, such as apple,  facebook, google, linkedin, microsoft, rim, twitter or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer, including any personal data you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the apps or the social media pages.
sensitive information.
we ask that you not send us or disclose any sensitive personal data (e.
g.
, social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, sexual orientation, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background, or trade union membership) on or through the sites or via other means.
what choices do i have.
you can always opt not to disclose information, or withdraw consent at any time where you have previously provided your consent for us to use your personal information.
please note that withdrawal of consent may prevent us from being able to provide products or services to you.
you can opt-out of receiving marketing messages from pharos by unsubscribing through the unsubscribe or opt-out link in an email, or by sending an email to we will comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practical.
please note that if you opt-out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we will still send you transactional emails.
transactional emails include emails about your accounts and our business dealings with you, such as renewals and updates, and, as allowed by applicable law, requests for your participation in surveys.
you can contact us at to access, correct or request deletion of any of your personal information that we store.
when you use our websites, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies from our servers.
if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our sites.
you may have the legal right, depending on which country you reside in, to ask us to provide a copy of the personal information we hold about you (provided that we may ask you for proof of your identity).
you may also have the legal right to ask us to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information or to ask us to delete it.
we will consider these requests regardless of where you live.
additional rights for individuals in the european economic area.
the european union general data protection regulation (regulation (eu) 2016/679), together with any additional implementing legislation, rules or regulations that are issued by applicable supervisory authorities, affords certain additional rights to persons located in the european economic area.
we take measures designed to secure and protect your personal data, and by visiting using our website and/or providing your personal data to us, you consent to our collection, storage, and use of your personal data in accordance with this privacy policy, including our collection, storage, and use of your personal data in the united states or other countries which have not been recognized by the european commission as having local laws providing an adequate level of protection for personal data.
in addition to the choices and rights described in this section, if you are located in the eu and accessing our sites, then you also have the right to ask us to.
confirm whether or not personal information about you is being processed.
provide you with details about how we process your personal information.
consider your valid objection to the processing of your personal information (including the right to object to processing on grounds relating to your particular situation where we are relying on our legitimate interests as a legal basis for processing your personal information).
update or delete personal information which we hold about you.
restrict the way we process your personal information.
consider your valid request to transfer your personal information to a third party provider of services (data portability).
and.
ask us to treat your consent as withdrawn if you have previously provided us with consent to process your personal information and we rely on it as our legal basis for processing.
if you need help or wish to exercise any of the above rights or have questions about them, please contact us at we will consider all such requests and provide our response as soon as we can.
please note, however, that personal information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, which may include circumstances where we need to keep processing your personal information for our legitimate interests or to comply with a legal obligation.
we may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity.
how can i access, correct, amend or remove information about me.
if you would like to access, correct, amend, remove or limit the use or disclosure of any personal data about you that has been collected and stored by pharos, please notify us at so that we may consider and respond to your request in accordance with applicable law.
if you would like to object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes, please use the mechanisms outlined above (“what choices do i have.
”).
for your protection, we only implement requests with respect to the personal data associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we need to verify your identity before implementing your request.
we will respond to your request within 30 days.
please note that we need to retain certain information for record-keeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting such access, change or deletion.
changes to this privacy notice.
pharos may amend this privacy notice from time to time.
any changes to this privacy notice will become effective when we post the revised privacy notice on the sites.
questions, concerns & complaints.
we value your trust and want you to feel confident about your data.
if we ever send you something you find annoying, just email us and let us know.
there is always someone real at our end that reads your email and we do take action on requests, comments and complaints.
please contact us at or at.
pharos systems international attn.
office of the ceo 4545 east river road, suite 210 west henrietta, ny 14586 usa.
feel free to check out additional legal information we share openly on our pharos community, including products eulas and more, in our legal center.
×.
60-day trial of pharos beacon  register here and we will contact you within a few business days to get you started.
thank you.
hi there.
like most sites, we use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience on our website.
by clicking ok or continuing to browse our site, you accept our use of cookies per our privacy policy.
×.
start here to make your office printing more secure, efficient, cost-effective, and sustainable.
request a demo or a free trial of our software.
prefer to speak to us now.
call 585 939 7000 ext.
2.
name*   first    last.
company / organization*.
email*.
phone.
country*afghanistanåland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darrussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos islandscolombiacomoroscongo, democratic republic of thecongo, republic of thecook islandscosta ricacôte d'ivoirecroatiacubacuraçaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaeswatini (swaziland)ethiopiafalkland islandsfaroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard and mcdonald islandsholy seehondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaumacedoniamadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesiamoldovamonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorth koreanorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestine, state ofpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarréunionromaniarussiarwandasaint barthélemysaint helenasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martinsaint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maartenslovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgiasouth koreasouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayen islandsswedenswitzerlandsyriataiwantajikistantanzaniathailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited statesuruguayus minor outlying islandsuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuelavietnamvirgin islands, britishvirgin islands, u.
s.
wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe.
state*alabamaalaskaarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawaredistrict of columbiafloridageorgiahawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniarhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvermontvirginiawashingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyoming.
province*albertabritish columbiamanitobanew brunswicknewfoundland and labradornorthwest territoriesnova scotianunavutontarioprince edward islandquebecsaskatchewanyukon.
comments / details.
captcha.
hiddenlead sourceadvertisementeventinboundpartner referralother referralsalesinside salessocial mediawebsiteexisting customer.
hiddenlead source - detailinformation request form.
δ.
careers|.
privacy|.
contact us|.
about us|.
community|.
