solutionsenterprisedxbuilding viewbuilding intelligencedemand managercarbon manageralarm managercommand managerschedule managerbuilding monitoringproactive analytics.
enterprisedx.
building view.
building intelligence.
demand manager.
carbon manager.
alarm manager.
command manager.
schedule manager.
building monitoring.
proactive analytics.
who we serveenergyfacilitysustainabilityfinance and procurementiot and digital transformationsafety and compliance.
energy.
facility.
sustainability.
finance and procurement.
iot and digital transformation.
safety and compliance.
industriesretailgrocery/convenience storeshealthcareentertainmentpublic sector.
retail.
grocery/convenience stores.
healthcare.
entertainment.
public sector.
partnersdemand response partnerssolution partnerspartner spotlight - microsoftpartner spotlight - servicechannelbecome a partner.
demand response partners.
solution partners.
partner spotlight - microsoft.
partner spotlight - servicechannel.
become a partner.
resourcesblogcase studieswhitepapers and guidesenergy management for groceryguide to adaptive energy managementguide to building management technologiesmaintenance program options & implementationoptimizing buildings for comfort and safetypress releasesevents.
blog.
case studies.
whitepapers and guidesenergy management for groceryguide to adaptive energy managementguide to building management technologiesmaintenance program options & implementationoptimizing buildings for comfort and safety.
energy management for grocery.
guide to adaptive energy management.
guide to building management technologies.
maintenance program options & implementation.
optimizing buildings for comfort and safety.
press releases.
events.
about usleadershiphow we connectour differenceawardscareers.
leadership.
how we connect.
our difference.
awards.
careers.
contact us.
online privacy policy agreement.
phoenix energy technologies's website is not directed to, and does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from, children under the age of thirteen (13).
if it is determined that such information has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of thirteen (13), we shall immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system's database, or in the alternative, that verifiable parental consent is obtained for the use and storage of such information.
anyone under the age of thirteen (13) must seek and obtain parent or guardian permission to use this website.
unsubscribe or opt-out.
all users and visitors to our website have the option to discontinue receiving communications from us by way of email or newsletters.
to discontinue or unsubscribe from our website pleases end an email that you wish to unsubscribe to if you wish to unsubscribe or opt-out from any third-party websites, you must go to that specific website to unsubscribe or opt-out.
phoenix energy technologies will continue to adhere to this policy with respect to any personal information previously collected.
links to other websites.
our website does contain links to affiliate and other websites.
phoenix energy technologies does not claim nor accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of other such websites.
therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of every website that collects personally identifiable information.
this privacy policy agreement applies only and solely to the information collected by our website.
notice to european union users.
phoenix energy technologies's operations are located primarily in the united states.
if you provide information to us, the information will be transferred out of the european union (eu) and sent to the united states.
(the adequacy decision on the eu-us privacy became operational on august 1, 2016.
this framework protects the fundamental rights of anyone in the eu whose personal data is transferred to the united states for commercial purposes.
it allows the free transfer of data to companies that are certified in the us under the privacy shield.
) by providing personal information to us, you are consenting to its storage and use as described in this policy.
security.
phoenix energy technologies takes precautions to protect your information.
when you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
wherever we collect sensitive information (e.
g.
credit card information), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.
you can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
while we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline.
only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
the computers and servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
this is all done to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of the user's personal information under our control.
the company also uses secure socket layer (ssl) for authentication and private communications to build users' trust and confidence in the internet and website use by providing simple and secure access and communication of credit card and personal information.
acceptance of terms.
by using this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the privacy policy agreement.
if you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you should refrain from further use of our sites.
in addition, your continued use of our website following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you agree and acceptance of such changes.
how to contact us.
if you have any questions or concerns regarding the privacy policy agreement related to our website, please feel free to contact us at the following email, telephone number or mailing address.
email.
.
telephone number.
877.
340.
8855.
mailing address.
phoenix energy technologies.
26840 aliso viejo pkwy ste 110.
aliso viejo, california.
9265.
gdpr disclosure.
if you answered "yes" to the question does your website comply with the general data protection regulation("gdpr").
then the privacy policy above includes language that is meant to account for such compliance.
nevertheless,in order to be fully compliant with gdpr regulations your company must fulfill other requirements such as.
(i) doing an assessment of data processing activities to improve security.
(ii) have a data processing agreement with any third party vendors.
(iii) appoint a data protection officer for the company to monitor gdpr compliance.
(iv) designate are presentative based in the eu under certain circumstances.
and (v) have a protocol in place to handle a potential data breach.
for more details on how to make sure your company is fully compliant with gdpr, please visit the official website at  form swift and its subsidiaries are in no way responsible for determining whether or not your company is in fact compliant with gdpr and takes no responsibility for the use you make of this privacy policy or for any potential liability your company may face in relation to any gdpr compliance issues.
coppa compliance disclosure.
this privacy policy presumes that your website is not directed at children under the age of 13 and does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from them or allow others to d o the same through your site.
if this is not true for your website or online service and you do collect such information (or allow others to do so), please be aware that you must be compliant with all coppa regulations and guidelines in order to avoid violations which could lead to law enforcement actions, including civil penalties.
in order to be fully compliant with coppa your website or online service must fulfill other requirements such as.
(i)posting a privacy policy which describes not only your practices, but also the practices of any others collecting personal information on your site or service — for example, plug-ins or ad networks.
(ii) include a prominent link to your privacy policy anywhere you collect personal information from children.
(iii) include a description of parental rights (e.
g.
that you won't require a child to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary, that they can review their child's personal information, direct you to delete it, and refuse to allow any further collection or use of the child's information,and the procedures to exercise their rights).
(iv) give parents "direct notice" of your information practices before collecting information from their children.
and (v) obtain the parents' "verifiable consent" before collecting, using or disclosing personal information from a child.
for more information on the definition of these terms and how to make sureyour website or online service is fully compliant with coppa please visit  form swift and its subsidiaries are in noway responsible for determining whether or not your company is in fact compliant with coppa and takes no responsibility for the use you make of this privacy policy or for any potential liability your company may face in relation to any coppa compliance issues.
solutionsenterprisedx®monitoringanalytics.
enterprisedx®.
monitoring.
analytics.
industriesretailgroceryhealthcarepublic sector.
retail.
grocery.
healthcare.
public sector.
resourcesblogeventspress releases.
blog.
events.
press releases.
companyleadershipcareerscontact.
leadership.
careers.
contact.
© copyright 2020 phoenix energy technologies privacy policy.
