a wisetech global business.
aboutwho we are.
who we are.
transtream.
partners.
developers.
resources.
news.
contact.
request a demo.
.
privacy policy.
protecting your privacy is our priority.
if you are accessing our website, this privacy policy applies to you and governs our data collection, usage and protection of information you provide to us.
by using our website, you consent to the privacy policies described in this privacy policy statement.
we may collect personal information you provide to us through the website and also anonymous information.
this information you provide is used to provide you with information about our products and services.
we may also collect information about your computer hardware and software.
this information may include your ip address, browser type, domain names, access times, and referring website addresses.
this information is used to improve the operation of the website, to maintain quality of service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of our website.
we may gather additional personal and non-personal information in the future.
we encourage you to review the privacy policy statements of websites you choose to link to from our website so you can understand how those websites collect, use, and share information.
we are not responsible for those websites, their policy statements, or other content provided outside of the we website.
we use your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the information, products, and services you requested.
we may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products and services available from we or our affiliates.
we may also contact you, or request you to participate in surveys related to your opinion about our products and services.
we may send you emails, postal mail, customer support, or arrange for deliveries.
we do not sell, lease, or rent customer lists to third parties.
we may on occasion contact you on behalf of external business partners about a product or service offering that may be of interest to you.
in those cases, your unique personally identifiable information may be transferred to a third party.
we may share information with trusted third parties to help perform statistical analysis.
all such third parties will be prohibited from using your personally identifiable information except to provide these services to you, and they are required by non-disclosure agreements to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
we may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit to determine what services they are interested in.
this data will be used to improve the website and related advertising to website visitors who are interested in a particular subject matter.
we will only disclose personally identifiable information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that we are required to do so to a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on we or our website, b) protect and defend we property, or c) to protect the personal safety of users of the we website or the public.
we secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information about children under the age of thirteen.
if you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parents or guardians for permission to use this website.
we respect your privacy and give you the opportunity to opt out of receiving announcements from us.
you may opt out of receiving information from us by contacting us.
email.
.
phone.
508-630-1224.
you should also contact us if you believe we have not adhered to the policies described in this statement.
we will occasionally update this privacy policy statement without notice to reflect our policies and customer feedback.
we encourage you to periodically review this statement to understand how we are using and protecting your information.
recent news.
thoughts on cross-border parcel shipping.
omnichannel fulfillment.
the changing face of retail space.
pitney bowes parcel index shows big volume growth.
same-day delivery drives retailers to crowdsourcing carriers.
today’s shippers need to take final-mile planning and optimization to the next level.
© 2022 pierbridge, inc - part of the wisetech global group 2022.
general.
home.
about.
resources.
news.
contact.
privacy policy.
quality policy.
sitemap.
transtream.
overview.
personal shipping.
finance.
customer service.
regulatory compliance.
suppliers.
stores.
home office.
warehouse.
mail center.
office.
purchasing.
ecommerce.
order entry.
enterprise management.
developers.
overview.
opdimizer.
back to top.
