company      about us     contact     career     news     trade shows     videos.
about us.
contact.
career.
news.
trade shows.
videos.
products      nanopositioning     scanius-line     piezo actuators      stack type actuators     ring actuators     hermetically insulated actuators     x/xy nanopositioner – nanox®     x nanopositionier     z nanopositioner     xy nanopositioner     xyz nanopositioner - tritor®     xyz+tip/tilt nanopositioner – pentor     microscope objective positioner - series mipos®     mirror tilting systems     shutter/piezo slit systems     fiber positioning system     micrometer screw positioner - mici     piezo gripper     piezo rotary stage - rotor       piezo-controller/piezo-amplifier     piezo controller      analogue system env     digital system d-drive     digital system d-drive pro     piezo controller 1 channel version     piezo controller 3 channel version       fiber switches     motion control      scanius line       piezocomposite/ hpower      products     applications for hpower       oem solutions.
nanopositioning.
scanius-line.
piezo actuators      stack type actuators     ring actuators     hermetically insulated actuators     x/xy nanopositioner – nanox®     x nanopositionier     z nanopositioner     xy nanopositioner     xyz nanopositioner - tritor®     xyz+tip/tilt nanopositioner – pentor     microscope objective positioner - series mipos®     mirror tilting systems     shutter/piezo slit systems     fiber positioning system     micrometer screw positioner - mici     piezo gripper     piezo rotary stage - rotor.
stack type actuators.
ring actuators.
hermetically insulated actuators.
x/xy nanopositioner – nanox®.
x nanopositionier.
z nanopositioner.
xy nanopositioner.
xyz nanopositioner - tritor®.
xyz+tip/tilt nanopositioner – pentor.
microscope objective positioner - series mipos®.
mirror tilting systems.
shutter/piezo slit systems.
fiber positioning system.
micrometer screw positioner - mici.
piezo gripper.
piezo rotary stage - rotor.
piezo-controller/piezo-amplifier.
piezo controller      analogue system env     digital system d-drive     digital system d-drive pro     piezo controller 1 channel version     piezo controller 3 channel version.
analogue system env.
digital system d-drive.
digital system d-drive pro.
piezo controller 1 channel version.
piezo controller 3 channel version.
fiber switches.
motion control      scanius line.
scanius line.
piezocomposite/ hpower      products     applications for hpower.
products.
applications for hpower.
oem solutions.
news      newsletter     news archive     trade shows old.
newsletter.
news archive.
trade shows old.
trade shows.
applications.
piezopedia      piezo theory/piezoline     terms & annotations     questions & answers.
piezo theory/piezoline.
terms & annotations.
questions & answers.
downloads & publications      technical information      user manuals     drivers and programs     notes for mounting       marketing material      catalog     brochures     application notes     unternehmenspolitik       research publications      physics & material science     optics     interferometry & spectroscopy     biophysics     biotech & microscopy     imaging     chemistry     list all       certifications.
technical information      user manuals     drivers and programs     notes for mounting.
user manuals.
drivers and programs.
notes for mounting.
marketing material      catalog     brochures     application notes     unternehmenspolitik.
catalog.
brochures.
application notes.
unternehmenspolitik.
research publications      physics & material science     optics     interferometry & spectroscopy     biophysics     biotech & microscopy     imaging     chemistry     list all.
physics & material science.
optics.
interferometry & spectroscopy.
biophysics.
biotech & microscopy.
imaging.
chemistry.
list all.
certifications.
company      about us     contact & distributors    career    news    trade shows    videos.
about us.
contact & distributors.
career.
news.
trade shows.
videos.
products      nanopositioning    piezo actuators    stack type actuators    series n    series p    series pa    series phl    series pahl    series pa/t    series p/s      ring actuators    series r/ra      hermetically insulated actuators    series p/s       x/xy nanopositioner – nanox®    nanox 200    nanox 400    nanosx 400    nanosx 800    nanosxy 120    nanosxy 400    nanox 240 sg      x nanopositionier    pu 40    pu 90    pu 100    pu 65 hr    px 38    px 50    px 100    px 200    px 300    px 400    px 500    px 1500      z nanopositioner    pz 8 d12    pz 10    pz 16    pz 20 d12    pz 38    pz 100    pz 200 oem    pz 250 sg    pz 250 cap wl    pz 300 ap    pz 400    pz 400 oem    pz 700 si      xy nanopositioner    pxy d12    pxy 15 cdt    pxy 16 oem    pxy 36    pxy 38    scanxy 40    pxy 100    pxy 102    pxy 200    pxy 201    pxy 400      xyz nanopositioner - tritor®    microtritor    minitritor    tritor 38    tritor 50    tritor 100    tritor 101    tritor 102    tritor 320    tritor 400      xyz+tip/tilt nanopositioner – pentor     microscope objective positioner - series mipos®    mipos 20    mipos 100    mipos 250    mipos 500    mipos 600 sg oem    mipos lfa    nanomipos 400    mipos r 120    mipos 16    mipos accessories      mirror tilting systems    psh 1-4    psh 8    psh 25 oem    psh 35    psh 4/1    psh 15/1 & psh 30/1    psh x/2    pks 1      shutter/piezo slit systems    pzs 1 (230 µm slit)    pzs 2 (60 µm slit)    pzs 3 (1500 µm slit)    pzs 4 (300 µm slit)      fiber positioning system    micrometer screw positioner - mici    mici 80    mici 140    mici 200      piezo gripper    grippy series    fiber gripper series      piezo rotary stage - rotor      piezo controller    analogue system env    env amplifier modules    ent main supply modules    casing       digital system d-drive    amplifier series evd    interface eds    casing    30dv50 oem digital controller    30dv300 digital oem controller      digital system d-drive pro     piezo controller 1 channel version    nv 40/1 cle    nv 120/1 cle    nano box    nano box usb    12v40 oem controller    30v300 oem controller    24dv40 digital piezo controller    nv100/d net digital piezo controller    nv200/d net digital piezo controller    30dv50 oem digital controller    30dv300 digital oem-controller      piezo controller 3 channel version    nv 40/3    nv 40/3 cle        fiber switches        motion control   scanius line    scanius one    scanius two    controller lc3.
nanopositioning.
piezo actuators    stack type actuators    series n    series p    series pa    series phl    series pahl    series pa/t    series p/s      ring actuators    series r/ra      hermetically insulated actuators    series p/s       x/xy nanopositioner – nanox®    nanox 200    nanox 400    nanosx 400    nanosx 800    nanosxy 120    nanosxy 400    nanox 240 sg      x nanopositionier    pu 40    pu 90    pu 100    pu 65 hr    px 38    px 50    px 100    px 200    px 300    px 400    px 500    px 1500      z nanopositioner    pz 8 d12    pz 10    pz 16    pz 20 d12    pz 38    pz 100    pz 200 oem    pz 250 sg    pz 250 cap wl    pz 300 ap    pz 400    pz 400 oem    pz 700 si      xy nanopositioner    pxy d12    pxy 15 cdt    pxy 16 oem    pxy 36    pxy 38    scanxy 40    pxy 100    pxy 102    pxy 200    pxy 201    pxy 400      xyz nanopositioner - tritor®    microtritor    minitritor    tritor 38    tritor 50    tritor 100    tritor 101    tritor 102    tritor 320    tritor 400      xyz+tip/tilt nanopositioner – pentor     microscope objective positioner - series mipos®    mipos 20    mipos 100    mipos 250    mipos 500    mipos 600 sg oem    mipos lfa    nanomipos 400    mipos r 120    mipos 16    mipos accessories      mirror tilting systems    psh 1-4    psh 8    psh 25 oem    psh 35    psh 4/1    psh 15/1 & psh 30/1    psh x/2    pks 1      shutter/piezo slit systems    pzs 1 (230 µm slit)    pzs 2 (60 µm slit)    pzs 3 (1500 µm slit)    pzs 4 (300 µm slit)      fiber positioning system    micrometer screw positioner - mici    mici 80    mici 140    mici 200      piezo gripper    grippy series    fiber gripper series      piezo rotary stage - rotor.
stack type actuators    series n    series p    series pa    series phl    series pahl    series pa/t    series p/s.
series n.
series p.
series pa.
series phl.
series pahl.
series pa/t.
series p/s.
ring actuators    series r/ra.
series r/ra.
hermetically insulated actuators    series p/s.
series p/s.
x/xy nanopositioner – nanox®    nanox 200    nanox 400    nanosx 400    nanosx 800    nanosxy 120    nanosxy 400    nanox 240 sg.
nanox 200.
nanox 400.
nanosx 400.
nanosx 800.
nanosxy 120.
nanosxy 400.
nanox 240 sg.
x nanopositionier    pu 40    pu 90    pu 100    pu 65 hr    px 38    px 50    px 100    px 200    px 300    px 400    px 500    px 1500.
pu 40.
pu 90.
pu 100.
pu 65 hr.
px 38.
px 50.
px 100.
px 200.
px 300.
px 400.
px 500.
px 1500.
z nanopositioner    pz 8 d12    pz 10    pz 16    pz 20 d12    pz 38    pz 100    pz 200 oem    pz 250 sg    pz 250 cap wl    pz 300 ap    pz 400    pz 400 oem    pz 700 si.
pz 8 d12.
pz 10.
pz 16.
pz 20 d12.
pz 38.
pz 100.
pz 200 oem.
pz 250 sg.
pz 250 cap wl.
pz 300 ap.
pz 400.
pz 400 oem.
pz 700 si.
xy nanopositioner    pxy d12    pxy 15 cdt    pxy 16 oem    pxy 36    pxy 38    scanxy 40    pxy 100    pxy 102    pxy 200    pxy 201    pxy 400.
pxy d12.
pxy 15 cdt.
pxy 16 oem.
pxy 36.
pxy 38.
scanxy 40.
pxy 100.
pxy 102.
pxy 200.
pxy 201.
pxy 400.
xyz nanopositioner - tritor®    microtritor    minitritor    tritor 38    tritor 50    tritor 100    tritor 101    tritor 102    tritor 320    tritor 400.
microtritor.
minitritor.
tritor 38.
tritor 50.
tritor 100.
tritor 101.
tritor 102.
tritor 320.
tritor 400.
xyz+tip/tilt nanopositioner – pentor.
microscope objective positioner - series mipos®    mipos 20    mipos 100    mipos 250    mipos 500    mipos 600 sg oem    mipos lfa    nanomipos 400    mipos r 120    mipos 16    mipos accessories.
mipos 20.
mipos 100.
mipos 250.
mipos 500.
mipos 600 sg oem.
mipos lfa.
nanomipos 400.
mipos r 120.
mipos 16.
mipos accessories.
mirror tilting systems    psh 1-4    psh 8    psh 25 oem    psh 35    psh 4/1    psh 15/1 & psh 30/1    psh x/2    pks 1.
psh 1-4.
psh 8.
psh 25 oem.
psh 35.
psh 4/1.
psh 15/1 & psh 30/1.
psh x/2.
pks 1.
shutter/piezo slit systems    pzs 1 (230 µm slit)    pzs 2 (60 µm slit)    pzs 3 (1500 µm slit)    pzs 4 (300 µm slit).
pzs 1 (230 µm slit).
pzs 2 (60 µm slit).
pzs 3 (1500 µm slit).
pzs 4 (300 µm slit).
fiber positioning system.
micrometer screw positioner - mici    mici 80    mici 140    mici 200.
mici 80.
mici 140.
mici 200.
piezo gripper    grippy series    fiber gripper series.
grippy series.
fiber gripper series.
piezo rotary stage - rotor.
piezo controller    analogue system env    env amplifier modules    ent main supply modules    casing       digital system d-drive    amplifier series evd    interface eds    casing    30dv50 oem digital controller    30dv300 digital oem controller      digital system d-drive pro     piezo controller 1 channel version    nv 40/1 cle    nv 120/1 cle    nano box    nano box usb    12v40 oem controller    30v300 oem controller    24dv40 digital piezo controller    nv100/d net digital piezo controller    nv200/d net digital piezo controller    30dv50 oem digital controller    30dv300 digital oem-controller      piezo controller 3 channel version    nv 40/3    nv 40/3 cle.
analogue system env    env amplifier modules    ent main supply modules    casing.
env amplifier modules.
ent main supply modules.
casing.
digital system d-drive    amplifier series evd    interface eds    casing    30dv50 oem digital controller    30dv300 digital oem controller.
amplifier series evd.
interface eds.
casing.
30dv50 oem digital controller.
30dv300 digital oem controller.
digital system d-drive pro.
piezo controller 1 channel version    nv 40/1 cle    nv 120/1 cle    nano box    nano box usb    12v40 oem controller    30v300 oem controller    24dv40 digital piezo controller    nv100/d net digital piezo controller    nv200/d net digital piezo controller    30dv50 oem digital controller    30dv300 digital oem-controller.
nv 40/1 cle.
nv 120/1 cle.
nano box.
nano box usb.
12v40 oem controller.
30v300 oem controller.
24dv40 digital piezo controller.
nv100/d net digital piezo controller.
nv200/d net digital piezo controller.
30dv50 oem digital controller.
30dv300 digital oem-controller.
piezo controller 3 channel version    nv 40/3    nv 40/3 cle.
nv 40/3.
nv 40/3 cle.
fiber switches.
motion control.
scanius line    scanius one    scanius two    controller lc3.
scanius one.
scanius two.
controller lc3.
piezocomposite/ hpower.
products    stack type actuators    ring actuators    shock generators    shaker    piezo amplifier    analog amplifiers    analog power amplifiers    high-power switching amplifiers    feedback control amplifiers    high voltage pulsers.
stack type actuators.
ring actuators.
shock generators.
shaker.
piezo amplifier    analog amplifiers    analog power amplifiers    high-power switching amplifiers    feedback control amplifiers    high voltage pulsers.
analog amplifiers.
analog power amplifiers.
high-power switching amplifiers.
feedback control amplifiers.
high voltage pulsers.
applications for hpower.
oem solutions.
applications.
piezopedia      piezo theory/piezoline    terms & annotations    questions & answers.
piezo theory/piezoline.
terms & annotations.
questions & answers.
downloads & publications      technical information    user manuals    drivers and programs    notes for mounting      marketing material    catalog    brochures    application notes    unternehmenspolitik      research publications    physics & material science    optics    interferometry & spectroscopy    biophysics    biotech & microscopy    imaging    chemistry    list all      certifications.
technical information    user manuals    drivers and programs    notes for mounting.
user manuals.
drivers and programs.
notes for mounting.
marketing material    catalog    brochures    application notes    unternehmenspolitik.
catalog.
brochures.
application notes.
unternehmenspolitik.
research publications    physics & material science    optics    interferometry & spectroscopy    biophysics    biotech & microscopy    imaging    chemistry    list all.
physics & material science.
optics.
interferometry & spectroscopy.
biophysics.
biotech & microscopy.
imaging.
chemistry.
list all.
certifications.
privacy policy.
privacy policy.
general.
the following gives a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when you visit our website.
personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified.
detailed information on the subject of data protection can be found in our privacy policy found below.
data collection on our website.
who is responsible for the data collection on this website.
the data collected on this website are processed by the website operator.
the operator's contact details can be found in the website's required legal notice.
how do we collect your data.
some data are collected when you provide it to us.
this could, for example, be data you enter on a contact form.
other data are collected automatically by our it systems when you visit the website.
these data are primarily technical data such as the browser and operating system you are using or when you accessed the page.
these data are collected automatically as soon as you enter our website.
what do we use your data for.
part of the data is collected to ensure the proper functioning of the website.
other data can be used to analyze how visitors use the site.
what rights do you have regarding your data.
you always have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge.
you also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted.
you can contact us at any time using the address given in the legal notice if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection.
you may also, of course, file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities.
analytics and third-party tools.
when visiting our website, statistical analyses may be made of your surfing behavior.
this happens primarily using cookies and analytics.
the analysis of your surfing behavior is usually anonymous, i.
e.
we will not be able to identify you from this data.
you can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools.
detailed information can be found in the following privacy policy.
you can object to this analysis.
we will inform you below about how to exercise your options in this regard.
2.
general information and mandatory information.
data protection.
the operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously.
we treat your personal data as confidential and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.
if you use this website, various pieces of personal data will be collected.
personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified.
this privacy policy explains what information we collect and what we use it for.
it also explains how and for what purpose this happens.
please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.
g.
via email communication) may be subject to security breaches.
complete protection of your data from third-party access is not possible.
notice concerning the party responsible for this website.
the party responsible for processing data on this website is.
piezosystem jena gmbhstockholmer str.
12d 07747 jena / thür.
telefon.
(+49) 3641 66 88-0telefax.
(+49) 3641 66 88 66email.
sales(at)piezojena.
com.
the responsible party is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (names, email addresses, etc.
).
revocation of your consent to the processing of your data.
many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent.
you may revoke your consent at any time with future effect.
an informal email making this request is sufficient.
the data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
right to file complaints with regulatory authorities.
if there has been a breach of data protection legislation, the person affected may file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities.
the competent regulatory authority for matters related to data protection legislation is the data protection officer of the german state in which our company is headquartered.
a list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found at the following link.
.
right to data portability.
you have the right to have data which we process based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract automatically delivered to yourself or to a third party in a standard, machine-readable format.
if you require the direct transfer of data to another responsible party, this will only be done to the extent technically feasible.
ssl or tls encryption.
this site uses ssl or tls encryption for security reasons and for the protection of the transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries you send to us as the site operator.
you can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser's address line when it changes from " to " and the lock icon is displayed in your browser's address bar.
if ssl or tls encryption is activated, the data you transfer to us cannot be read by third parties.
information, blocking, deletion.
as permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with information free of charge about any of your personal data that is stored as well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed.
you also have the right to have this data corrected, blocked or deleted.
you can contact us at any time using the address given in our legal notice if you have further questions on the topic of personal data.
opposition to promotional emails.
we hereby expressly prohibit the use of contact data published in the context of website legal notice requirements with regard to sending promotional and informational materials not expressly requested.
the website operator reserves the right to take specific legal action if unsolicited advertising material, such as email spam, is received.
data protection officer.
statutory data protection officer.
we have appointed a data protection officer for our company.
e-mail.
dsv(at)piezojena.
com.
data collection on our website.
cookies.
some of our web pages use cookies.
cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses.
cookies help make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure.
cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.
most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies.
" they are automatically deleted after your visit.
other cookies remain in your device's memory until you delete them.
these cookies make it possible to recognize your browser when you next visit the site.
you can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie.
alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser.
disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
cookies which are necessary to allow electronic communications or to provide certain functions you wish to use (such as the shopping cart) are stored pursuant to art.
6 paragraph 1, letter f of dsgvo.
the website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure an optimized service provided free of technical errors.
if other cookies (such as those used to analyze your surfing behavior) are also stored, they will be treated separately in this privacy policy.
server log files.
the website provider automatically collects and stores information that your browser automatically transmits to us in "server log files".
these are.
browser type and browser version.
operating system used.
referrer url.
host name of the accessing computer.
time of the server request.
ip address.
these data will not be combined with data from other sources.
the basis for data processing is art.
6 (1) (f) dsgvo, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract.
contact form.
should you send us questions via the contact form, we will collect the data entered on the form, including the contact details you provide, to answer your question and any follow-up questions.
we do not share this information without your permission.
we will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with your consent per art.
6 (1)(a) dsgvo.
you may revoke your consent at any time.
an informal email making this request is sufficient.
the data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
we will retain the data you provide on the contact form until you request its deletion, revoke your consent for its storage, or the purpose for its storage no longer pertains (e.
g.
after fulfilling your request).
any mandatory statutory provisions, especially those regarding mandatory data retention periods, remain unaffected by this provision.
processing of data (customer and contract data).
we collect, process, and use personal data only insofar as it is necessary to establish, or modify legal relationships with us (master data).
this is done based on art.
6 (1) (b) dsgvo, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract.
we collect, process and use your personal data when accessing our website (usage data) only to the extent required to enable you to access our service or to bill you for the same.
collected customer data shall be deleted after completion of the order or termination of the business relationship.
legal retention periods remain unaffected.
social media.
facebook plugins (like & share buttons).
our website includes plugins for the social network facebook, facebook inc.
, 1 hacker way, menlo park, california 94025, usa.
the facebook plugins can be recognized by the facebook logo or the like button on our site.
for an overview of facebook plugins, see    .
when you visit our site, a direct connection between your browser and the facebook server is established via the plugin.
this enables facebook to receive information that you have visited our site from your ip address.
if you click on the facebook "like button" while you are logged into your facebook account, you can link the content of our site to your facebook profile.
this allows facebook to associate visits to our site with your user account.
please note that, as the operator of this site, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted to facebook or of how facebook uses these data.
for more information, please see facebook's privacy policy at    .
if you do not want facebook to associate your visit to our site with your facebook account, please log out of your facebook account.
twitter plugin.
functions of the twitter service have been integrated into our website and app.
these features are offered by twitter inc.
, 1355 market street, suite 900, san francisco, ca 94103, usa.
when you use twitter and the “retweet” function, the websites you visit are connected to your twitter account and made known to other users.
in doing so, data will also be transferred to twitter.
we would like to point out that, as the provider of these pages, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or how it will be used by twitter.
for more information on twitter's privacy policy, please go to    .
your privacy preferences with twitter can be modified in your account settings at    .
google+ plugin.
our pages use google+ functions.
it is operated by google inc.
, 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa.
collection and disclosure of information.
using the google +1 button allows you to publish information worldwide.
by means of the google+ button, you and other users can receive custom content from google and our partners.
google stores both the fact that you have +1'd a piece of content and information about the page you were viewing when you clicked +1.
your +1 can be displayed together with your profile name and photo in google services, for example in search results or in your google profile, or in other places on websites and advertisements on the internet.
google records information about your +1 activities to improve google services for you and others.
to use the google + button, you need a globally visible, public google profile that must contain at least the name chosen for the profile.
this name is used by all google services.
in some cases, this name may also replace a different name that you have used to share content via your google account.
the identity of your google profile can be shown to users who know your email address or other information that can identify you.
use of collected data.
in addition to the uses mentioned above, the information you provide is used in accordance with the applicable google data protection policies.
google may publish summary statistics about users' +1 activity or share it with users and partners, such as publishers, advertisers, or affiliate websites.
xing plugin.
our website uses features provided by the xing network.
the provider is xing ag, dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 hamburg, germany.
each time one of our pages containing xing features is accessed, your browser establishes a direct connection to the xing servers.
to the best of our knowledge, no personal data is stored in the process.
in particular, no ip addresses are stored nor is usage behavior evaluated.
for more information about data protection and the xing share button, please see the xing privacy policy at    .
analytics and advertising.
google analytics.
this website uses google analytics, a web analytics service.
it is operated by google inc.
, 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa.
google analytics uses so-called "cookies".
these are text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you.
the information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a google server in the usa and stored there.
google analytics cookies are stored based on art.
6 (1) (f) dsgvo.
the website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both its website and its advertising.
ip anonymization.
we have activated the ip anonymization feature on this website.
your ip address will be shortened by google within the european union or other parties to the agreement on the european economic area prior to transmission to the united states.
only in exceptional cases is the full ip address sent to a google server in the us and shortened there.
google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity, and to provide other services regarding website activity and internet usage for the website operator.
the ip address transmitted by your browser as part of google analytics will not be merged with any other data held by google.
browser plugin.
you can prevent these cookies being stored by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser.
however, we wish to point out that doing so may mean you will not be able to enjoy the full functionality of this website.
you can also prevent the data generated by cookies about your use of the website (incl.
your ip address) from being passed to google, and the processing of these data by google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link.
.
objecting to the collection of data.
you can prevent the collection of your data by google analytics by clicking on the following link.
an opt-out cookie will be set to prevent your data from being collected on future visits to this site.
disable google analytics.
for more information about how google analytics handles user data, see google's privacy policy.
.
outsourced data processing.
we have entered into an agreement with google for the outsourcing of our data processing and fully implement the strict requirements of the german data protection authorities when using google analytics.
demographic data collection by google analytics.
this website uses google analytics' demographic features.
this allows reports to be generated containing statements about the age, gender, and interests of site visitors.
this data comes from interest-based advertising from google and third-party visitor data.
this collected data cannot be attributed to any specific individual person.
you can disable this feature at any time by adjusting the ads settings in your google account or you can forbid the collection of your data by google analytics as described in the section "refusal of data collection".
google analytics remarketing.
our websites use the features of google analytics remarketing combined with the cross-device capabilities of google adwords and doubleclick.
this service is provided by google inc.
, 1600 amphitheater parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa.
this feature makes it possible to link target audiences for promotional marketing created with google analytics remarketing to the cross-device capabilities of google adwords and google doubleclick.
this allows advertising to be displayed based on your personal interests, identified based on your previous usage and surfing behavior on one device (e.
g.
your mobile phone), on other devices (such as a tablet or computer).
once you have given your consent, google will associate your web and app browsing history with your google account for this purpose.
that way, any device that signs in to your google account can use the same personalized promotional messaging.
to support this feature, google analytics collects google-authenticated ids of users that are temporarily linked to our google analytics data to define and create audiences for cross-device ad promotion.
you can permanently opt out of cross-device remarketing/targeting by turning off personalized advertising in your google account.
follow this link.
.
the aggregation of the data collected in your google account data is based solely on your consent, which you may give or withdraw from google per art.
6 (1) (a) dsgvo.
for data collection operations not merged into your google account (for example, because you do not have a google account or have objected to the merge), the collection of data is based on art.
6 (1) (f) dsgvo.
the website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing anonymous user behavior for promotional purposes.
for more information and the google privacy policy, go to.
.
google adwords and google conversion tracking.
this website uses google adwords.
adwords is an online advertising program from google inc.
, 1600 amphitheater parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, united states ("google").
as part of google adwords, we use so-called conversion tracking.
when you click on an ad served by google, a conversion tracking cookie is set.
cookies are small text files that your internet browser stores on your computer.
these cookies expire after 30 days and are not used for personal identification of the user.
should the user visit certain pages of the website and the cookie has not yet expired, google and the website can tell that the user clicked on the ad and proceeded to that page.
each google adwords advertiser has a different cookie.
thus, cookies cannot be tracked using the website of an adwords advertiser.
the information obtained using the conversion cookie is used to create conversion statistics for the adwords advertisers who have opted for conversion tracking.
customers are told the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a conversion tracking tag page.
however, advertisers do not obtain any information that can be used to personally identify users.
if you do not want to participate in tracking, you can opt-out of this by easily disabling the google conversion tracking cookie by changing your browser settings.
in doing so, you will not be included in the conversion tracking statistics.
conversion cookies are stored based on art.
6 (1) (f) dsgvo.
the website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both its website and its advertising.
for more information about google adwords and google conversion tracking, see the google privacy policy.
.
you can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie.
alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser.
disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
newsletter.
newsletter data.
if you would like to receive our newsletter, we require a valid email address as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the owner of the specified email address and that you agree to receive this newsletter.
no additional data is collected or is only collected on a voluntary basis.
we only use this data to send the requested information and do not pass it on to third parties.
we will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with your consent per art.
6 (1) (a) dsgvo.
you can revoke consent to the storage of your data and email address as well as their use for sending the newsletter at any time, e.
g.
through the "unsubscribe" link in the newsletter.
the data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
the data provided when registering for the newsletter will be used to distribute the newsletter until you cancel your subscription when said data will be deleted.
data we have stored for other purposes (e.
g.
email addresses for the members area) remain unaffected.
plugins and tools.
youtube.
our website uses plugins from youtube, which is operated by google.
the operator of the pages is youtube llc, 901 cherry ave.
, san bruno, ca 94066, usa.
if you visit one of our pages featuring a youtube plugin, a connection to the youtube servers is established.
here the youtube server is informed about which of our pages you have visited.
if you're logged in to your youtube account, youtube allows you to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile.
you can prevent this by logging out of your youtube account.
youtube is used to help make our website appealing.
this constitutes a justified interest pursuant to art.
6 (1) (f) dsgvo.
further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of youtube under    .
google web fonts.
for uniform representation of fonts, this page uses web fonts provided by google.
when you open a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly.
for this purpose your browser has to establish a direct connection to google servers.
google thus becomes aware that our web page was accessed via your ip address.
the use of google web fonts is done in the interest of a uniform and attractive presentation of our website.
this constitutes a justified interest pursuant to art.
6 (1) (f) dsgvo.
if your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font is used by your computer.
further information about handling user data, can be found at    and in google's privacy policy at    .
google maps.
this site uses the google maps map service via an api.
it is operated by google inc.
, 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa.
to use google maps, it is necessary to save your ip address.
this information is generally transmitted to a google server in the usa and stored there.
the provider of this site has no influence on this data transfer.
the use of google maps is in the interest of making our website appealing and to facilitate the location of places specified by us on the website.
this constitutes a justified interest pursuant to art.
6 (1) (f) dsgvo.
further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of google at    .
contactpiezosystem jena gmbhstockholmer str.
1207747 jena.
tel.
+49 3641 66 88 0fax +49 3641 66 88 66.
e-mail.
info(at)piezojena.
com.
piezosystem jena, inc.
(usa)1 cabot road, suite 240hudson, ma 01749usa.
tel.
+1 (508)634-6688fax.
+1 (508)634-6868.
e-mail.
contact(at)psj-usa.
com.
distributorstrade showsnewssubscribe to our newsletter.
copyright © 2004 – 2015 piezosystem jena gmbh.
alle rechte vorbehalten.
terms & conditions.
|.
privacy policy.
|.
disclaimer.
|.
sitemap.
|.
notice.
+1 (508) 634-6688u.
s.
office.
+49 (3641)-6688 0german office.
please contact our technical staff for further assistance.
together with you we will find a solution for your needs.
e-mail address.
.
quick contact.
we will get in touch with you as soon as possible.
