global monitoring, daily  insight.
high frequency, global coverage.
rapid revisit, global intelligence.
current, complete, and analysis-ready mosaics.
quantify the changes in dynamic systems.
transforming imagery to insights.
automated, scalable, api-first.
insights for your  industry.
accelerate your time to  value.
planet ecosystem.
using space to help life on  earth.
privacy policy.
fill intelligence gaps, prioritize resources, and act  decisively.
planet was founded to improve our understanding of the earth and to benefit the life it sustains.
our respect for the inhabitants of the earth extends to safeguarding individual privacy.
this policy describes what information we collect from you through our website, why we collect it, and what we do with it.
© 2022, planet labs pbc.
all rights reserved.
planet labs pbc.
privacy  policy.
we at planet labs know you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously.
please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
the terms “planet labs,” “we” and “us” include planet labs pbc.
and our subsidiaries.
by using or accessing the planet labs website(s), products, services and applications (the “services”) in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this privacy policy.
remember that your use of planet labs’ services is at all times subject to the terms of use, which incorporate this privacy policy.
any terms we use in this privacy policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the terms of use.
what does this privacy policy  cover.
this privacy policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information ("personal information") that we gather when you are accessing or using our services, but not the practices of companies we don’t own or control, or people that we don’t manage.
we gather various types of personal information from our users, as explained in more detail below, and we use this personal information for a variety of business and commercial purposes, including.
in connection with our services, including to personalize, provide, and improve our services, to allow you to set up a user account and profile, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, and to analyze how you use the services.
to provide you with information about the services, manage your registration for and attendance at our events or office visits, provide you with customer support or otherwise communicate with you.
for security and fraud prevention.
to process your billing information in connection with your purchase of our products and services.
to comply with our legal obligations under applicable laws and cooperate with public and government authorities.
and.
in collaboration with our partners.
in certain cases, we may also share some personal information with third parties, but only as described below.
as noted in the terms of use, we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 16.
if you are under 16, please do not attempt to register for the services or send any personal information about yourself to us.
if we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
if you believe that a child under 16 may have provided us personal information, please contact the planet labs legal department by email at .
will planet labs ever change this privacy  policy.
we’re constantly trying to improve our services, so we may need to change this privacy policy from time to time as well, but we will alert you to changes by updating the privacy policy webpage, and as otherwise required by law.
if you wish to continue using the services after any changes to the privacy policy have been posted, we may request and require your agreement to the changes.
what information does planet labs  collect.
we collect personal information directly from you, and automatically from your device and browser when you use our services, and have collected personal information from these categories of sources over the past 12 months.
in the past 12 months, we received and stored, and continue to receive and store the following categories of personal information.
i.
identifiers, such as your name, email address, phone number and unique personal identifier.
ii.
demographic information, such as your address.
iii.
commercial information, such as your purchase history.
iv.
internet or other electronic network activity information, including information about your ip address and browser when you access our services.
v.
geolocation data.
vi.
professional or employment-related information, such as your job title and the name of your employer.
vii.
education information.
viii.
inferences drawn from any of the information identified above.
certain information may be required to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features.
however, we will request and require your explicit consent before processing any personal information, where required to do so by applicable law.
planet labs does not process or seek to collect special categories of personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person’s sexual orientation.
entry of any special categories of personal data by you is strictly prohibited and constitutes a breach of this privacy policy and terms of use.
you should also be aware that planet labs may process personal information, in some cases without your express consent, to the extent one of the following applies.
processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with planet labs to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract.
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which planet labs as the controller is subject.
processing is necessary in order to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person.
processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in planet labs as the controller.
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by planet labs as the controller or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data, in particular where the data subject is a child.
we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so and given your explicit consent.
for example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers on behalf of other businesses, or email you about your use of the services.
if you do not want to receive communications from us, please indicate your preference by either utilizing the “unsubscribe” functionality or sending a request to .
information collected automatically.
whenever you interact with our services, we seek to automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser or device, which may include your ip address, geolocation data, device identification, “cookie” information, the type of browser and/or device you’re using to access our services, and the page or feature you requested.
“cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your browser or device that allow us to recognize your browser or device and tell us how and when pages and features in our services are visited and by how many people.
please note you may change the preferences on your browser or device to prevent or limit your device’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our features.
we do not recognize do not track signals.
to learn more about do not track, please visit allaboutdnt.
com.
if you click on a link to a third-party website or service, such third party may also transmit cookies to you.
again, this privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies on sites operated by third parties, and we aren’t responsible for their privacy policies and practices.
please be aware that cookies placed by third parties may continue to track your activities online even after you have left our services, and those third parties may not honor “do not track” requests you have set using your browser or device.
we may use this data to customize content for you that we think you might like, based on your usage patterns.
we may also use it to improve the services - for example, this data can tell us how often users use a particular feature of the services, and we can use that knowledge to make the services interesting to as many users as possible.
cookie settings.
minors.
as noted in the terms of use, you must be an individual of legal age to use the services.
we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 16.
will planet labs share any of the personal information it  receives.
we neither rent nor sell your personal information in personally identifiable form to anyone.
however, we may share your personal information from any of the categories we collect with third parties as described in this section.
if we use third-party processors, planet will endeavor to ensure adequate technical and organizational measures exist at those subprocessors to safeguard personal information.
a list of third-party processors may be viewed here.
information that’s no longer personally identifiable.
we may anonymize your personal information so that you are not individually identified, and provide that information to our partners.
we may also provide aggregate usage information to our partners, who may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our services, so that they, too, can provide you with an optimal online experience.
however, we never disclose aggregate information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally, as an individual.
affiliated businesses.
in certain situations, businesses or third-party websites we’re affiliated with may sell or provide products or services to you through or in connection with the services (either alone or jointly with us).
you can recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will share your personal information with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is related to such transaction or service.
our agents.
we may employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them.
these include.
third-party processors that process personal information on our behalf for it and system administration and hosting, credit card processing, research and analytics, marketing, customer support, data enrichment.
sponsors or event managers of events for which you register.
and.
professional advisors of ours that provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
partners.
we may share information about how you use our services with our business partners, such as resellers who sell our services to you.
.
business transfers.
we may choose to buy or sell assets.
in these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that would be transferred.
also, if we (or our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, personal information could be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
in these cases, if you do not wish to have your personal information transferred, you may request erasure of your personal information by contacting .
protection of planet labs and others.
please keep in mind planet labs may process personal information for compliance with a legal obligation to which planet labs is subject.
we reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information that we believe is necessary to comply with law or court order.
enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements.
or protect the rights, property, or safety of planet labs, our employees, our users, or others.
international transfers.
planet labs, its affiliated business and agents described above may collect, transfer or store personal information in the united states or other countries where their operations are based.
as a result, your personal information may be processed outside your jurisdiction, including in countries that are not subject to an adequacy decision pursuant to the european union’s general data protection regulation (“gdpr”) and that may not provide for the same level of data protection as your jurisdiction.
we ensure that the recipient of your personal information offers an adequate level of protection and security, e.
g.
through contractual safeguards and, if required, standard contractual clauses or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the european commission (art.
46 gdpr) or other applicable regulator.
where required by applicable law, we will only share, transfer or store your personal information outside of your jurisdiction with your prior consent.
is personal information about me  secure.
your account is protected by a password for your privacy and security.
you must prevent unauthorized access to your account and personal information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
we endeavor to protect the privacy of your account and other personal information we hold in our records through appropriate technical and organizational measures based on industry standards, but unfortunately, we cannot guarantee complete security.
unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.
what personal information can i  access.
through your account settings, you may access, and, in some cases, edit or delete information you’ve provided to us, including your name and password, email address and user profile information, including images you have uploaded to the site.
you have the right to obtain from planet labs confirmation as to whether or not personal information concerning you is being processed, and, if that is the case, access to the following information.
the purposes of the processing.
the categories of personal information concerned.
the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal information have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organizations.
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal information will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period.
the existence of the right to request from planet labs, as the controller, rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing of personal information concerning you or to object to such processing.
the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
where the personal information are not collected from you, any available information as to their source.
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for you.
if you have any questions about accessing personal information we have on file about you, please contact us at .
under california civil code sections 1798.
83-1798.
84, california residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties.
what choices do i  have.
you can always opt not to disclose information to us, but keep in mind some information may be needed to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features.
you may be able to add, update, or delete information as explained above.
when you update information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records.
you may, of course, request deletion of your account and personal information by emailing planet labs will then undertake measures to effect deletion of your personal information, unless we are required by law to preserve the information.
if you are a california resident, you may have similar or additional rights under california law, including.
the right to access your personal information that we have collected in the prior 12 months.
the right to know the categories and sources of personal information we collected in the past 12 months, and the categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose in the past 12 months.
and.
the right to deletion.
note that in some cases, these rights may be subject to exceptions, as permitted by applicable law.
we will not discriminate against you on the basis of your exercise of the above-listed rights.
to exercise the above listed rights, you may submit a request by email to if you do not have an account with us, please provide your full name and email address.
once we receive a request, we will review the request and attempt to verify your identity by comparing the information you submit to the information in our records.
please note that in some cases we may need to request additional information to verify your request.
if your identity is verified, we will identify responsive records and take the requested actions, subject to any exceptions permitted by applicable law.
you may also exercise the above listed rights via an authorized agent.
to submit a request via an authorized agent, the agent should email and indicate that they are acting as an authorized agent and whether the agent has power of attorney pursuant to california probate sections 4121 to 4130.
where the agent does not have that power of attorney, we require that the authorized agent provide proof that you gave the agent signed permission to submit a request on your behalf.
we may also require that you verify your identity with us or confirm that the authorized agent is acting on your behalf.
what if i have questions about this  policy.
if you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy and data protection principles, please send a detailed message to and we will try to resolve your concerns.
if you are a resident of the european economic area and have a question specific to the gdpr, please contact our data protection officer via email to .
effective may 12, 2021.
© 2022 planet labs pbc.
all rights reserved.
| privacy policy | terms of use  | art at planet.
