summary.
my playhome  apps do not collect any personal information.
there are no 3rd party advertisements, links to web sites or any social media.
some basic usage information is sent to microsoft app center.
this information contains what type of device you are using and information for our programmers in the event that the app crashes.
we use this information exclusively to track down problems with the app.
however, to repeat, no personal information is transmitted or stored for this.
microsoft's privacy statement is here.
.
the app also contacts our server to get an image with news about our other apps.
the only data that is sent to our servers is which of our apps you currently have installed in order that we don't send an advertisement for a my playhome app that you already have.
there now follows a more formal statement for those of you that like legalise.
privacy policy.
last updated.
june 25, 2020.
this privacy policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your information when you use the service and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
we use your personal data to provide and improve the service.
by using the service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this privacy policy.
interpretation and definitions.
interpretation.
the words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions.
the following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
definitions.
for the purposes of this privacy policy.
you means the individual accessing or using the service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the service, as applicable.
under gdpr (general data protection regulation), you can be referred to as the data subject or as the user as you are the individual using the service.
you means the individual accessing or using the service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the service, as applicable.
under gdpr (general data protection regulation), you can be referred to as the data subject or as the user as you are the individual using the service.
company (referred to as either "the company", "we", "us" or "our" in this agreement) refers to playhome software ltd, bet shemesh.
for the purpose of the gdpr, the company is the data controller.
company (referred to as either "the company", "we", "us" or "our" in this agreement) refers to playhome software ltd, bet shemesh.
for the purpose of the gdpr, the company is the data controller.
application means the software program provided by the company downloaded by you on any electronic device, named my playhome.
affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
account means a unique account created for you to access our service or parts of our service.
service refers to the application.
country refers to.
israel.
service provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the company.
it refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the company to facilitate the service, to provide the service on behalf of the company, to perform services related to the service or to assist the company in analyzing how the service is used.
for the purpose of the gdpr, service providers are considered data processors.
service provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the company.
it refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the company to facilitate the service, to provide the service on behalf of the company, to perform services related to the service or to assist the company in analyzing how the service is used.
for the purpose of the gdpr, service providers are considered data processors.
third-party social media service refers to any website or any social network website through which a user can log in or create an account to use the service.
facebook fan page is a public profile named "my playhome - an app for kids" specifically created by the company on the facebook social network, accessible from .
personal data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
for the purposes for gdpr, personal data means any information relating to you such as a name, an identification number, location data, online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
for the purposes of the ccpa, personal data means any information that identifies, relates to, describes or is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you.
personal data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
for the purposes for gdpr, personal data means any information relating to you such as a name, an identification number, location data, online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
for the purposes of the ccpa, personal data means any information that identifies, relates to, describes or is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you.
device means any device that can access the service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
usage data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the service or from the service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
data controller, for the purposes of the gdpr (general data protection regulation), refers to the company as the legal person which alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data.
do not track (dnt) is a concept that has been promoted by us regulatory authorities, in particular the u.
s.
federal trade commission (ftc), for the internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites.
business, for the purpose of the ccpa (california consumer privacy act), refers to the company as the legal entity that collects consumers' personal information and determines the purposes and means of the processing of consumers' personal information, or on behalf of which such information is collected and that alone, or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of consumers' personal information, that does business in the state of california.
consumer, for the purpose of the ccpa (california consumer privacy act), means a natural person who is a california resident.
a resident, as defined in the law, includes (1) every individual who is in the usa for other than a temporary or transitory purpose, and (2) every individual who is domiciled in the usa who is outside the usa for a temporary or transitory purpose.
sale, for the purpose of the ccpa (california consumer privacy act), means selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer's personal information to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
collecting and using your personal data.
types of data collected.
usage data.
usage data.
usage data is collected automatically when using the service.
usage data may include information such as your device's internet protocol address (e.
g.
ip address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
when you access the service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique id, the ip address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
we may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our service or when you access the service by or through a mobile device.
information collected while using the application.
while using our application, in order to provide features of our application, we may collect, with your prior permission.
we use this information to provide features of our service, to improve and customize our service.
the information may be uploaded to the company's servers and/or a service provider's server or it be simply stored on your device.
retention of usage data.
the company will retain usage data for internal analysis purposes.
usage data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
detailed information on the processing of your personal data.
service providers have access to your personal data only to perform their tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
analytics.
we may use third-party service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our service.
microsoft app centerwe use microsoft app center to collect anonymous data relating to the quality of the services (for example crashes, behaviour).
if you want to learn more of microsoft’s privacy policy, please see .
microsoft app center.
we use microsoft app center to collect anonymous data relating to the quality of the services (for example crashes, behaviour).
if you want to learn more of microsoft’s privacy policy, please see .
facebook fan page.
data controller for the facebook fan page.
the company is the data controller of your personal data collected while using the service.
as operator of the facebook fan page ( the company and the operator of the social network facebook are joint controllers.
the company has entered into agreements with facebook that define the terms for use of the facebook fan page, among other things.
these terms are mostly based on the facebook terms of service.
.
visit the facebook privacy policy  for more information about how facebook manages personal data or contact facebook online, or by mail.
facebook, inc.
attn, privacy operations, 1601 willow road, menlo park, ca 94025, united states.
facebook insights.
we use the facebook insights function in connection with the operation of the facebook fan page and on the basis of the gdpr, in order to obtain anonymized statistical data about our users.
for this purpose, facebook places a cookie on the device of the user visiting our facebook fan page.
each cookie contains a unique identifier code and remains active for a period of two years, except when it is deleted before the end of this period.
facebook receives, records and processes the information stored in the cookie, especially when the user visits the facebook services, services that are provided by other members of the facebook fan page and services by other companies that use facebook services.
for more information on the privacy practices of facebook, please visit facebook privacy policy here.
.
ccpa privacy.
your rights under the ccpa.
under this privacy policy, and by law if you are a resident of california, you have the following rights.
the right to notice.
you must be properly notified which categories of personal data are being collected and the purposes for which the personal data is being used.
the right to access / the right to request.
the ccpa permits you to request and obtain from the company information regarding the disclosure of your personal data that has been collected in the past 12 months by the company or its subsidiaries to a third-party for the third party's direct marketing purposes.
the right to say no to the sale of personal data.
you also have the right to ask the company not to sell your personal data to third parties.
you can submit such a request by visiting our "do not sell my personal information" section or web page.
the right to know about your personal data.
you have the right to request and obtain from the company information regarding the disclosure of the following.
the categories of personal data collectedthe sources from which the personal data was collectedthe business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal datacategories of third parties with whom we share personal datathe specific pieces of personal data we collected about you.
the right to know about your personal data.
you have the right to request and obtain from the company information regarding the disclosure of the following.
the categories of personal data collected.
the sources from which the personal data was collected.
the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal data.
categories of third parties with whom we share personal data.
the specific pieces of personal data we collected about you.
the right to delete personal data.
you also have the right to request the deletion of your personal data that have been collected in the past 12 months.
the right not to be discriminated against.
you have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of your consumer's rights, including by.
denying goods or services to youcharging different prices or rates for goods or services, including the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penaltiesproviding a different level or quality of goods or services to yousuggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
the right not to be discriminated against.
you have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of your consumer's rights, including by.
denying goods or services to you.
charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties.
providing a different level or quality of goods or services to you.
suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
do not sell my personal information.
we do not collect or sell personal information.
however, the service providers we partner with (for example, our analytics partners) may use technology on the service that "sells" personal information as defined by the ccpa law.
if you wish to opt out of the use of your personal information for interest-based advertising purposes and these potential sales as defined under ccpa law, you may do so by following the instructions below.
please note that any opt out is specific to the browser you use.
you may need to opt out on every browser that you use.
mobile devices.
your mobile device may give you the ability to opt out of the use of information about the apps you use in order to serve you ads that are targeted to your interests.
"opt out of interest-based ads" or "opt out of ads personalization" on android devices.
"limit ad tracking" on ios devices.
you can also stop the collection of location information from your mobile device by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
"do not track" policy as required by california online privacy protection act (caloppa).
our service does not respond to do not track signals.
however, some third party websites do keep track of your browsing activities.
if you are visiting such websites, you can set your preferences in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
you can enable or disable dnt by visiting the preferences or settings page of your web browser.
children's privacy.
the service contains content appropriate for children under the age of 13.
information collected from children under the age of 13.
the company may collect and store persistent identifiers such as cookies or ip addresses from children without parental consent for the purpose of supporting the internal operation of the service.
for further details on the information we might collect, you can refer to the "types of data collected" section of this privacy policy.
we follow our standard privacy policy for the disclosure of personal information collected from and about children.
your california privacy rights (california's shine the light law).
under california civil code section 1798 (california's shine the light law), california residents with an established business relationship with us can request information once a year about sharing their personal data with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes.
if you'd like to request more information under the california shine the light law, and if you are a california resident, you can contact us using the contact information provided below.
california privacy rights for minor users (california business and professions code section 22581).
california business and professions code section 22581 allow california residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, services or applications to request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted.
to request removal of such data, and if you are a california resident, you can contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account.
be aware that your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances.
links to other websites.
our service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by us.
if you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site.
we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of every site you visit.
we have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
changes to this privacy policy.
we may update our privacy policy from time to time.
we will notify you of any changes by posting the new privacy policy on this page.
we will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "last updated" date at the top of this privacy policy.
you are advised to review this privacy policy periodically for any changes.
changes to this privacy policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
contact us.
if you would like any further clarifications, please contact us at [email protected].
