solutions.
capabilities.
ai-cloud.
case studies.
about.
news & events.
blog.
contact.
careers.
support.
privacy policy.
privacy policy.
data protection statement.
the operators of these pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously.
we treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with legal data protection regulations as well as this data protection statement.
the use of our website is normally possible without giving personal data.
if personal data (e.
g.
name, address or e-mail addresses) are collected on our pages, this is always as far as possible done on a voluntary basis.
this data will not be passed on to third parties without your expressed consent.
we would like to point out that data transmission on the internet (for example, when communicating via e-mail) can present security gaps.
a complete protection of the data from third parties is not possible when it is in transit on the internet.
cookies.
some of our internet pages use cookies.
cookies do not damage your computer and contain no viruses.
cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, effective and safer.
cookies are small text files which are stored on your computer and which your browser saves.
most of the cookies we use are so called “session cookies”.
they are automatically deleted after your visit.
other cookies remain on your device until you delete them.
these cookies allow us to recognize your browser by the next visit.
you can set your browser to inform you about setting for cookies and to allow cookies only in individual cases, to exclude the acceptance of cookies for specific cases or in general, and to activate the automatic deletion of cookies when the browser is closed.
the functionality of this website may be restricted when cookies are deactivated.
server-log-files.
the provider of our web page services automatically collects and saves information which your browser automatically transmits to us in server log files.
these are.
browsing type / browser version.
operating system used.
referrer url.
hostname of the accessing computer.
time of the server request.
these data cannot be attributed to specific persons.
this data is not merged with other data sources.
we reserve the right to review these data at a later date, if concrete indications of unlawful use become known to us.
contact form.
if you send us inquiries by means of a contact form, your information from the inquiry form, including the contact data you provide there, will be saved by us for the purpose of processing the inquiry and for the case of connection questions.
we do not pass on this data without your consent.
information, deletion, blocking.
you are always entitled to free information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipient, the purpose of the data processing and a right to correct, block or delete this data.
to this end, as well as to further questions regarding the subject of personal data, you can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint.
contradiction advertising mails.
we hereby object to the use of contact data published within the scope of the imprint obligation for the transmission of advertising and information material not expressly requested.
the operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal steps in the event of the unsolicited sending of advertising information, for example by spam e-mails.
our clients love us.
from originators to servicers, bpos and external due diligence firms trust paradatec to streamline document processing.
we asked a number of vendors, including the paradatec team, to help us perform an extensive due diligence process that included an out-of-the-box, blind test with our own loan samples and proof of concept test.
paradatec was the clear winner based on our comprehensive vetting process.
mark tinkham shares some thought’s on our v8 release with mark hollmer of mpamag.
com.
version 8.
0 delivers touchless results for document classification with new ai and machine learning enhancements and data extraction output options.
former fiserv executive hired to support client relations and product expansion for ai-based document classification and data extraction technology provider.
solutions.
capabilities.
ai-cloud.
case studies.
about.
news & events.
blog.
contact.
careers.
support.
written and produced by strategic vantage.
