practicesdue diligencepre-transactionreputationalthird partyaml/kycpre-employmentinvestigationslitigation supportinternal investigationsthreat investigationscyberexecutive digital protectionthreat monitoring & attributiondeep & dark web intelligenceproactive servicescyber consultingdigital forensics & incident response (dfir)intelligence.
due diligencepre-transactionreputationalthird partyaml/kycpre-employment.
pre-transaction.
reputational.
third party.
aml/kyc.
pre-employment.
investigationslitigation supportinternal investigationsthreat investigations.
litigation support.
internal investigations.
threat investigations.
cyberexecutive digital protectionthreat monitoring & attributiondeep & dark web intelligenceproactive servicescyber consultingdigital forensics & incident response (dfir).
executive digital protection.
threat monitoring & attribution.
deep & dark web intelligence.
proactive services.
cyber consulting.
digital forensics & incident response (dfir).
intelligence.
insightsblogcase studiessolutions.
blog.
case studies.
solutions.
about uswho we arecareers.
who we are.
careers.
contact.
comply portal login.
call us.
312-667-0870.
what information do we collect.
we collect information from you when you place an order or fill out a form.
when ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number and/or credit card information.
you may, however, visit our site anonymously.
what do we use your information for.
any of the information we collect from you may be used in one or more of the following ways.
to process transactions.
your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
to send periodic emails.
the email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
how do we protect your information.
we implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit or access your personal information.
we offer the use of a secure server.
all supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via secure socket layer (ssl) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway provider’s database, only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems (all authorized users are required to keep the information confidential).
after a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.
) will not be kept on file for more than 30 days.
do we use cookies.
we do not use cookies.
do we disclose any information to outside parties.
we do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to outside parties.
this does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
we may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or to protect ours/others’ rights, property or safety.
however, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising or other uses.
third-party links.
occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
these third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
therefore, we have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
california online privacy protection act compliance.
because we value your privacy, we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the california online privacy protection act.
therefore, we will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
childrens online privacy protection act compliance.
we are in compliance with the requirements of coppa (childrens online privacy protection act).
we do not collect information from anyone under 13 years of age.
our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
right to be forgotten.
under article 17 of the general data protection regulation (gdpr), you can make a request for erasure of personal data.
for auditing purposes, the preferred method of a request is in writing, via an email to however, you reserve the right to make a request verbally.
you must provide adequate proof of identity when filing a request.
once confirmed, we will work with you to remove data without undue delay, unless there are legal obligations we must comply with that include, but are not limited to, the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims.
additionally, we reserve the right to refuse to comply with a request if it is unwarranted, or unfounded.
online privacy policy only.
this online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website, and not to information collected offline.
your consent.
by using our site, you consent to our website privacy policy.
changes to our privacy policy.
if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the privacy policy modification date below.
this policy was last modified on march 15, 2018.
contacting us.
if there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
n.
stetson ave.
suite 2625, chicago, il 60601phone.
.
prescient is a global risk management and intelligence services firm with four practice areas.
due diligence, investigations, cyber, and intelligence.
our practices help corporate stakeholders, law firms, and financial institutions mitigate risk and uncover mission-critical information.
learn more.
licensed private detective agency #117001731.
chicago.
180 n.
stetson ave.
, suite 2625 chicago, il 60601.
phone.
312-667-6580.
email.
.
mclean.
7925 jones branch drive, suite 2300 mclean, va 22102.
email.
.
dublin.
suite 103, citywest business centre3013 lake drive citywestdublin 24 ireland.
phone.
+353 1 469 3143.
email.
.
web.
.
new york.
228 e.
45th street, suite 507  new york, ny 10017.
email.
.
los angeles.
10250 constellation blvd.
los angeles, ca 90067.
email.
.
