request a consultation.
316.
927.
4290.
login & payments asset integrity managementassessment managemententerprise risk managementdocument managementtraining managementonline account payment.
asset integrity management.
assessment management.
enterprise risk management.
document management.
training management.
online account payment.
home.
servicesoverviewadvanced non-destructive testingconventional non-destructive testingenvironmentalheat treatment & stress reliefindustrial hygiene (ih)insurance program managementleak detection and repair (ldar)materials testingpipeline integrity (pli)safetysoftwaretraining.
overview.
advanced non-destructive testing.
conventional non-destructive testing.
environmental.
heat treatment & stress relief.
industrial hygiene (ih).
insurance program management.
leak detection and repair (ldar).
materials testing.
pipeline integrity (pli).
safety.
software.
training.
industriesaerospacebiofuelsconstructionfood & beveragemanufacturingpipelinepower generationpulp & paperrefining, petrochemical, & chemical.
aerospace.
biofuels.
construction.
food & beverage.
manufacturing.
pipeline.
power generation.
pulp & paper.
refining, petrochemical, & chemical.
resourcesvideosarticlescase studiescost of employee injury calculator.
videos.
articles.
case studies.
cost of employee injury calculator.
companyabout usleadershipcareers.
about us.
leadership.
careers.
careers.
contactcontact usall locationsnewsletter signup.
contact us.
all locations.
newsletter signup.
privacy policy.
privacy policy.
protecting your private information is our priority.
this statement of privacy applies to protect.
llc and protect the company and governs data collection and usage.
for the purposes of this privacy policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to protect include protect.
llc.
protect website is a company information site.
by using the protect website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
collection of your personal information.
protect may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name.
protect may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your location.
we may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by protect .
this information can include.
your ip address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses.
this information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the protect website.
protect encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from protect so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information.
protect is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the protect website.
use of your personal information.
protect collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
protect may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from protect and its affiliates.
protect may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
protect does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
protect may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries.
all such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to protect , and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
protect may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within protect , in order to determine what protect services are the most popular.
this data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within protect to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
protect will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to.
(a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on protect or the site.
(b) protect and defend the rights or property of protect .
and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of protect , or the public.
security of your personal information.
protect secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
children under thirteen.
protect does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen.
if you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
opt-out & unsubscribe.
we respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information.
users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from protect by contacting us here.
– web page.
protect.
llc.
changes to this statement.
protect will occasionally update this statement of privacy to reflect company and customer feedback.
protect encourages you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how protect is protecting your information.
contact information.
protect welcomes your questions or comments regarding this statement of privacy.
if you believe that protect has not adhered to this statement, please contact protect.
effective as of january 1, 2020.
how can we help.
safety, reliability, and compliance obligations can be the difference between a sustainable and profitable business and one that is not.
copyright © 2022 protect.
privacy policy.
website by cb{d}.
