home.
products.
solution.
cases.
service.
about us                                    company profilenews.
contact us.
home.
products                                                                                                crystal material                                                                                                                    windows                                                                                                                    laser lenses                                                                                                                    lenses                                                                                                                    prism                                                                                                                    infrared optics                                                                                                                    coating                                                                                                                    optics                                                                                                                    others                                                                                                                    icc mall.
crystal material.
windows.
laser lenses.
lenses.
prism.
infrared optics.
coating.
optics.
others.
icc mall.
solution.
cases                                                                                                optical design and assembly                                                                                                                    ultraviolet flame detector                                                                                                                    optical lens                                                                                                                    analysis and detection                                                                                                                    machine vision.
optical design and assembly.
ultraviolet flame detector.
optical lens.
analysis and detection.
machine vision.
service.
about us                                                                                    company profile                                                                                            news.
company profile.
news.
contact us.
privacy policy.
on  ( from now on, will be referred as  as visitor privacy is of our serious concern.
this privacy policy page describes what kind of personal information may be received and collected by  and how the information will be used.
social and search engine ads.
as many other professional sites,  invest on the internet advertisement.
our advertise partners include facebook ads and google ds.
in order to maximize online advertising roi and to find target clients,  applied some tracking codes generated by those search engines to record user ips and page viewing flows.
business contact data.
we collect all the business contact data sent through emails or web forms on  from visitors.
the visitor identification and contact related data entered will be kept strictly for  internal use.
will ensure the safety and proper usage of those data.
information usage.
we will only use your personally identifiable information as described below, unless you have specifically consented to another type of use, either at the time the personally identifiable information is collected from you or through some other form of consent from you.
we will use personally identifiable information to complete any orders you have placed.
we will use personally identifiable information to provide you with the specific services that you have requested, such as to reach a retailer.
we will use your personally identifiable information to respond to questions that you send to us.
we will use your personally identifiable information to send you emails from time to time, such as newsletters and notices about our promotions.
we may disclose personally identifiable information as required by law or legal process.
we may disclose personally identifiable information to investigate suspected fraud, harassment or other violations of any law, rule or regulation, or the terms or policies for the web site.
opt out/corrections.
upon your request, we will (a) correct or update your personal information.
(b) stop sending emails to your email address.
and/or (c) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account.
you can make these requests at the customer information section, or by telephoning, or emailing your request.
customer support department at please do not email your credit card number or other sensitive information.
terms and conditions.
1.
application and acceptance of the terms.
welcome to our site.
this document is a legally binding agreement between you as the user(s) of the site (referred to as "you", "your" or "user" hereinafter) and  -- owner of the site .
1.
1 your use of  's services, and products (collectively the as the "services" hereinafter) is subject to the terms and conditions contained in this document as well as the privacy policy and any other rules and policies of  that may be published by from time to time.
this document and such other rules and policies of  are collectively referred to below as the "terms".
by accessing  or using the services, you agree to accept and be bound by the terms.
please do not use the services or  if you do not accept all of the terms.
1.
2 you may not use the services and may not accept the terms if (a) you are not of legal age to form a binding contract with  or (b) you are not permitted to receive any services under the laws of pr china or other countries / regions including the country / region in which you are resident or from which you use the services.
1.
3 you acknowledge and agree that  may amend any terms at any time by posting the relevant amended and restated terms on  by continuing to use the services or  you agree that the amended terms will apply to you.
2.
users generally.
2.
1 as a condition of your access to and use of  or services, you agree that you will comply with all applicable laws and regulations when using  or services.
2.
2 you must read  privacy policy which governs the protection and use of personal information about users in the possession of  and our affiliates.
you accept the terms of the privacy policy and agree to the use of the personal information about you in accordance with the privacy policy.
2.
3 you agree not to undertake any action to undermine the integrity of the computer systems or networks of  and/or any other user nor to gain unauthorized access to such computer systems or networks.
2.
4 you agree not to take any advantage in using the information listed on  or received from any representatives of  in the activities including.
setting price levels, or quotations of products and services which are not purchased from  preparing website contents, writing contract or agreements which are without  ’s participation.
3.
products and prices.
3.
1 since we are continuously developing and upgrading our products and service, any technical, non-technical specification, including but not limited to web pages, reports tables, figures, images, videos or audios of any of products of  may be altered or completely changed in formats and contents without a prior notification either online or offline.
3.
2 prices listed on  or provided by any representatives of  are subject to change without a prior notice.
4.
limitation of liability.
4.
1 any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through  is done at each user's sole discretion and risk and each user is solely responsible for any damage to  's computer system or loss of data that may result from the download of any such material.
contact us                                        tel .
+86-335-7064518 .
+86-335-7513879                                                                            email .
address .
xihu road 1,haigang district, hebei province,china 066000.
address .
xihu road 1,haigang district, hebei province,china 066000.
product                                                    crystal material                                                                                                    windows                                                                                                    laser lenses                                                                                                    lenses                                                                                                    prism                                                                                                    infrared optics                                                                                                    coating                                                                                                    optics                                                                                                    others                                                                                                    icc mall.
about us                                        company profile                                                                            development path                                                                            certifications                                                                            factory introduction                                                                            news.
service                                        r & d strength                                                                            service advantage                                                                            after sales service                                                                            faq.
product.
product.
cases.
cases.
message.
message.
contact.
contact.
