contact us.
customer login.
productsdpi & ip classification technologytraffic intelligence expertisedpi enginedevice classificationprobe solutioncustomer support.
dpi & ip classification technology.
traffic intelligence expertise.
dpi engine.
device classification.
probe solution.
customer support.
securitysecurity solutions overviewsse (security service edge)sase (secure access service edge)next generation firewallsztna (zero trust network access)swg (secure web gateways)extended threat detection & responsesuricata ids/ipsmalware protection & dlpthreat hunting & forensicscyber defense for critical networks.
security solutions overview.
sse (security service edge).
sase (secure access service edge).
next generation firewalls.
ztna (zero trust network access).
swg (secure web gateways).
extended threat detection & response.
suricata ids/ips.
malware protection & dlp.
threat hunting & forensics.
cyber defense for critical networks.
networkingnetworking solutions overviewsd-wanperformance management & policyservice assurancenext generation network packet brokers5g user plane function (upf).
networking solutions overview.
sd-wan.
performance management & policy.
service assurance.
next generation network packet brokers.
5g user plane function (upf).
servicesconsulting services.
consulting services.
resourcesresource centeruse case hubsqosmos tvqosmos blog.
resource center.
use case hubs.
qosmos tv.
qosmos blog.
about usenea qosmoscustomersnewseventscareerscontact us.
enea qosmos.
customers.
news.
events.
careers.
contact us.
home.
>.
cookie policy.
cookie policy.
qosmos tech, sas (hereafter “qosmos”, “us”, “we”, or “our”) uses cookies on the  website (the “website”).
our cookies policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third-parties we collaborate with may use cookies on the website, how other general links to external websites that you can find on our website work, and how you can refuse or opt-out of cookies.
what are cookies.
cookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser by a website you visit.
a cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the website or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the website more useful to you.
cookies can be “persistent” or “session” cookies.
how qosmos uses cookies.
when you use and access the website, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser.
we use cookies to enable certain functions of the website and to provide analytics.
we use both session and persistent cookies on the website and we use different types of cookies to run the website.
strictly necessary cookies.
phpsessid.
this cookie only contains a reference to a session stored on the web server.
no information is stored in your browser and this cookie can only be used by the website.
it expires when you close your browser.
bc_bandwidth.
this cookie is used to display some videos on our website.
it detects bandwidth available to manage progressive download of video to your browser.
it expires when you close your browser.
analytics cookies.
our website uses google analytics, which creates a number of first-party cookies.
__utma contains a unique and anonymous identifying id, which allows us to ensure that subsequent visits to our website are recorded as belonging to the same (unique) visitor.
this cookie expires after two years.
__utmb used to establish and continue a unique user session.
each time you request another page from the website the cookie is updated to expire after 30 minutes.
__utmc works with __utmb to determine when to create a new session for a visitor of our website.
this is a session cookie and it expires when you close your browser.
__utmt is used to throttle request rate.
this cookie expires after 10 minutes.
__utmz tracks how you found our website and is used to calculate traffic and navigation within this website.
this cookie expires after 6 months.
full details of the cookies which google analytics uses can be found in cookies & google analytics in documentation for google’s analytics tracking code.
you can also read google’s privacy policy for google analytics.
we don’t share the data that google analytics collects.
we use the data that is collected to report, in aggregate, how our visitors find and use our website and to understand overall visitor behavior.
third-party cookies.
in addition to our first-party cookies, one or more third-party cookies may be stored on your device during your visit to our website.
third party cookies are cookies created by an external service when you use a page on our website.
these cookies are specific to the third-party’s domain and accordingly the data held in them can be seen and managed by the third party and not by qosmos.
we control whether or not we use the third-party service with our website, and how it is integrated and presented on our website.
we do not have control over the cookies themselves.
youtube.
youtube is used by the website to store and show video content.
these cookies are set by youtube to track usage of its services.
the youtube cookies are only installed when you press play on a video.
pref.
this cookie stores your preferences and other information, in particular preferred language, how many search results you wish to be shown on your page, and whether or not you wish to have google’s safesearch filter turned on.
this cookie expires after 2 years.
visitor_info1_live.
a cookie that youtube sets that measures your bandwidth to determine whether you get the new player interface or the old.
this cookie expires after 8 months.
use_hitbox.
this cookie increments the ‘views’ counter on the youtube video.
this cookie expires after 8 months.
ysc.
this cookie is set by the youtube video service on pages with embedded youtube video.
this cookie expires when you close your browser.
other general links to external websites.
when you browse our website, you are provided with the option to navigate to a variety of external websites where qosmos may have a presence.
when you select the option to view the content from these websites, you are taken away from the qosmos website and to the other site, where a variety of cookies may be used throughout your visit.
qosmos is not responsible for any cookies used once you have left the qosmos website.
linkedin.
refer to privacy policy at linkedin.
twitter.
refer to privacy policy at twitter.
youtube.
refer to privacy policy at youtubeqosmos tv is hosted by youtube, hence when you click on our website on the link “watch qosmos tv on youtube” or a similar link, you leave our website and are redirected to the youtube website.
google maps.
refer to cookies policy at googlegoogle maps is used to display qosmos’ locations on a map.
consequently, when you click on our website on the link “see on google maps” or a similar link, you leave our website and are redirected to the google maps website.
how you can refuse or opt-out cookies.
to opt out of our use of google analytics you may wish to consider using the google analytics opt-out browser add-on.
most browsers are set by default to accept cookies automatically, but usually you can alter the settings of your browser to prevent automatic acceptance and prompt you every time a cookie is sent to you or to allow you to choose not to receive cookies at all.
if you would like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
for more information about managing cookies, please see aboutcookies.
org.
please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
privacy overview.
contact us.
would you like to receive more information or get a free evaluation of qosmos dpi engine.
contact us.
follow us.
legal notice.
privacy policy.
cookie policy.
copyright.
code of ethics.
we use cookies to improve and personalize your browsing experience.
this site may also include cookies from third parties.
by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of these cookies.
you can decline the use of all cookies, except for the strictly necessary cookies needed to operate the core functions of our website, by clicking “refuse all”.
for more information, read our cookie policy.
