main navigation.
item 1portfolio######open and disaggregated accessconnect ran portfolio connect 5gconnect 4gtrillium software portfolioconnect open broadband portfolio connect broadband access controller (cbac)connect optical line terminals (olts)connect optical network terminals (onts)radisys management system (rms)digital engagement products video assistantengage media serverengage digital platformdigital endpoints			reach smart home		reach smart homereach smart feature phoneembeddedmedical imaging hardwareturnkey network hardwareservices network servicescustom development servicessolutions######business solutions programmable video & analytics			for communication service providers, contact centers, system integrators & isvs		 programmable voice & analytics			for communication service providers, contact centers, system integrators & isvs		uc & collaborationaudio & video conferencingimmersive media applicationsdigital customer carebrand engagementteam collaboration			for healthcare		medical imagingnetwork solutions			for communication service providers, system integrators & oems		open ransmall cellsprivate and cbrs networksmulti access edgeresidential broadbandcommercial broadbandrdofvolte/vowifi/vilte/vonrtranscodingservices 			for communication service providers, system integrators & oems		network servicescustom development servicesglobal supportservices & support ######.
network servicescustom development servicesglobal supportcontact supportresources######.
resource homeblogpress releasesin the newsawards & recognitioneventswebinars & videoswhitepaperssolution briefsdatasheetspartners######.
partner program overview & benefitspartner solutionspartner showcaseabout us######.
about radisyscontact usexecutive teamcareerscorporate responsibilitylocations.
portfolio######open and disaggregated accessconnect ran portfolio connect 5gconnect 4gtrillium software portfolioconnect open broadband portfolio connect broadband access controller (cbac)connect optical line terminals (olts)connect optical network terminals (onts)radisys management system (rms)digital engagement products video assistantengage media serverengage digital platformdigital endpoints			reach smart home		reach smart homereach smart feature phoneembeddedmedical imaging hardwareturnkey network hardwareservices network servicescustom development services.
######.
open and disaggregated accessconnect ran portfolio connect 5gconnect 4gtrillium software portfolioconnect open broadband portfolio connect broadband access controller (cbac)connect optical line terminals (olts)connect optical network terminals (onts)radisys management system (rms).
connect ran portfolio connect 5g.
connect 4g.
trillium software portfolio.
connect open broadband portfolio connect broadband access controller (cbac).
connect optical line terminals (olts).
connect optical network terminals (onts).
radisys management system (rms).
digital engagement products video assistantengage media serverengage digital platform.
engage video assistant.
engage media server.
engage digital platform.
digital endpoints			reach smart home		reach smart homereach smart feature phoneembeddedmedical imaging hardwareturnkey network hardware.
reach smart home		reach smart home.
reach smart feature phone.
embeddedmedical imaging hardware.
turnkey network hardware.
services network servicescustom development services.
network services.
custom development services.
solutions######business solutions programmable video & analytics			for communication service providers, contact centers, system integrators & isvs		 programmable voice & analytics			for communication service providers, contact centers, system integrators & isvs		uc & collaborationaudio & video conferencingimmersive media applicationsdigital customer carebrand engagementteam collaboration			for healthcare		medical imagingnetwork solutions			for communication service providers, system integrators & oems		open ransmall cellsprivate and cbrs networksmulti access edgeresidential broadbandcommercial broadbandrdofvolte/vowifi/vilte/vonrtranscodingservices 			for communication service providers, system integrators & oems		network servicescustom development servicesglobal support.
######.
business solutions programmable video & analytics			for communication service providers, contact centers, system integrators & isvs		 programmable voice & analytics			for communication service providers, contact centers, system integrators & isvs		uc & collaborationaudio & video conferencingimmersive media applicationsdigital customer carebrand engagementteam collaboration			for healthcare		medical imaging.
programmable video & analytics.
for communication service providers, contact centers, system integrators & isvs		 programmable voice & analytics.
for communication service providers, contact centers, system integrators & isvs		uc & collaboration.
audio & video conferencing.
immersive media applications.
digital customer care.
brand engagement.
team collaboration.
for healthcare		medical imaging.
network solutions			for communication service providers, system integrators & oems		open ransmall cellsprivate and cbrs networksmulti access edgeresidential broadbandcommercial broadbandrdofvolte/vowifi/vilte/vonrtranscoding.
for communication service providers, system integrators & oems		open ran.
small cells.
private and cbrs networks.
multi access edge.
residential broadband.
commercial broadband.
rdof.
volte/vowifi/vilte/vonr.
transcoding.
services 			for communication service providers, system integrators & oems		network servicescustom development servicesglobal support.
for communication service providers, system integrators & oems		network services.
custom development services.
global support.
services & support ######.
network servicescustom development servicesglobal supportcontact support.
######.
network servicescustom development servicesglobal supportcontact support.
network services.
custom development services.
global support.
contact support.
resources######.
resource homeblogpress releasesin the newsawards & recognitioneventswebinars & videoswhitepaperssolution briefsdatasheets.
######.
resource homeblogpress releasesin the newsawards & recognitioneventswebinars & videoswhitepaperssolution briefsdatasheets.
resource home.
blog.
press releases.
in the news.
awards & recognition.
events.
webinars & videos.
whitepapers.
solution briefs.
datasheets.
partners######.
partner program overview & benefitspartner solutionspartner showcase.
######.
partner program overview & benefitspartner solutionspartner showcase.
partner program overview & benefits.
partner solutions.
partner showcase.
about us######.
about radisyscontact usexecutive teamcareerscorporate responsibilitylocations.
######.
about radisyscontact usexecutive teamcareerscorporate responsibilitylocations.
about radisys.
contact us.
executive team.
careers.
corporate responsibility.
locations.
qucell selects radisys for 5g small cells.
radisys connect ran software selected by celona for integration within its critically acclaimed 5g lan solution.
radisys launches 5g iot software suite.
radisys introduces engage digital platform for service providers to monetize 4g, 5g and fixed network investments in new ways.
privacy policy.
privacy policy.
at radisys, we recognize the importance of protecting your personal information and we are committed to ensuring a safe online experience.
we also respect the privacy of every person who uses the products and services that we make available or who engages with us to use the products or services that radisys provides (be it through  or not), (our “services”), or whose personal information we may process as a result of providing the services to others.
purpose of this notice.
this privacy notice explains our approach to handling any personal information we might collect from you or which we have obtained about you from a third party, and the purposes for which we process your personal information.
this privacy notice also sets out your rights in respect to our processing of your personal information.
this privacy notice will inform you of the nature of the personal information that may be processed by us along with how you can request that we delete, update, transfer, and/or provide you with access to it.
please note that this privacy notice only applies to the use of your personal information obtained by us or on our behalf.
it does not apply to your personal information collected during your communications with third parties.
please review the privacy policies of the third parties with whom you communicate to learn about their privacy practices.
who are we and how to contact us.
this site and our services are operated by radisys corporation (“we, “us,” or “our”).
radisys corporation is a united states corporation, incorporated under the laws of the state of oregon.
our primary place of business is located at 8900 ne walker road, suite 130, hillsboro, oregon 97006.
if you have any questions about this privacy notice or want to exercise your rights set out in this privacy notice, please contact us by sending an email to or mail us at the address above.
why we collect your personal information.
radisys only collects your personal information when we have a legal basis to do so, such as.
(a) on the basis of your contract with us in support of our legitimate business operations.
(b) when applicable, based upon your consent.
or (c) in furtherance of our legitimate business interests, specifically, for advertising and direct marketing purposes.
to improve our website(s).
to protect and ensure the safety of radisys’ website(s), confidential and proprietary information, customers, and employees.
and, when applicable, for vendor management.
types of personal information we collect and its sources.
personal information that you provide directly to us on  (“site”), or share with us before, during or after marketing events or trade shows will be apparent from the context in which you provide it, in particular.
if you fill out a “contact us” form on our site, you will provide your first name, last name, phone number, email address, company, country, and the nature of your question or comment.
if you sign up to our site’s mailing list or newsletter to receive offers and updates from us, you will provide your email address in order to set your preferences.
if you register for an event or request a meeting on our site, you will provide your first name, last name, company name, job title, email address and comments such as your area of interest or purpose of the meeting.
if you download a whitepaper or other collateral from our site, you will provide first name, last name, email address, company name, and country.
if you query us through our site for matters such as investor relations, public relations, past employment references, career and recruitment related queries and customer service, you will provide your first name, last name, phone number, email address, company, country, and the nature of your question or comment.
note.
each form on our site varies in the information required and collected.
in most cases, an asterisk (*) indicates the required information on a form.
you may choose to provide additional information within fields that are not required.
if you are a customer, you will typically provide your name, address, email address, company name, title, department, and telephone number to communicate with us about our services.
in addition, you may choose to submit information to us via several other methods, including.
(i) in response to marketing or other communications, (ii) through social media, (iii) by procuring a service, (iv) through participation in an offer, program, or promotion, (v) in connection with an actual or potential business relationship with us, or (vi) by giving us your business card or by allowing us to scan your badge or rfid tag at a trade show or other events.
if you contact us via email, you will generally provide your email address, name, and any other information, and any signature information you choose to include in the body of your email.
if you contact us by phone, we will collect the phone number you used to call radisys and any voicemail you wish to leave.
our attendants may also verbally collect the information listed above at the time of a telephone call or conversation.
categories of third parties with whom we share your personal information.
radisys shares personal information with service providers and third parties as follows.
with services providers such as internet service, analytics providers, marketing providers, hosting providers, and email providers to run our marketing and business operations.
with global cloud service providers to analyze, store, transport, and secure our data.
with third-party advertisers and marketers to advertise our services.
how we use the personal information we collect.
we may use personal information submitted to us.
(i) to enable us to perform our services (additional terms of use may apply), (ii) to respond to requests for information or feedback, (iii) to monitor and improve the quality of our services, (iv) for business administration and compliance purposes, (v) to analyze our services, and website, and (vi) to conduct marketing activities.
where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent to send you marketing communications about our services, offers, and promotions, and invite you to events and surveys.
we also market to potential customers for our services in accordance with applicable law.
when we collect your business contact details through our participation at trade shows or other events, we use the information to follow-up with you regarding an event.
send you information that you have requested on our services.
and, with your permission where required by applicable law, include you on our marketing information campaigns.
notwithstanding the above, where we have a contract with you as a supplier to your enterprise, we process personal information directed by you as necessary to perform our contractual relationship, provide our services (cloud, saas, maintenance, managed services), and manage our customer relationship.
the processing of your information is governed by the terms of our contractual agreement(s) with your enterprise.
we may also use the personal information we collect to protect radisys against and prevent fraud, claims, and other liabilities and to comply with or enforce applicable legal requirements, industry standards, and our policies and terms.
we use personal information for these purposes when necessary to protect, exercise, or defend our legal rights, or when we are required to do so by a law that applies to us.
radisys does not sell your personal information.
use of cookies and similar technologies.
our website uses certain cookies, pixels, beacons, log files, and other technologies of which you should be aware.
cookies are a standard feature of websites that allow us to store small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to a site.
cookies help us learn which areas of our site are useful and which areas need improvements.
we also use cookies to share information about your use of our site with advertising and analytics partners.
cookies can also improve your visitor experience by remembering your preferences.
we use cookies in the following categories of information gathering.
necessary, preferences and settings, website statistics, and marketing.
at any time, you can choose whether to accept cookies and adjust your cookie settings by changing the settings on your browser or by clicking the privacy policies/cookies tab, which is located on the bottom right of each page of radisys.
com and selecting the “privacy settings” button.
you can also learn about the specific types of cookies we use on that button.
children’s personal information.
we do not knowingly collect or process the personal information of children under age 16.
if you become aware that we have mistakenly collected or processed such information, please contact us and we will delete that data and/or grant the appropriate right to opt-in for processing children’s information, per applicable privacy regulations.
extra-eu transfer of your personal information.
personal information collected by radisys may be stored and processed in your region, in the united states, and in any other country where radisys and/or its third-party vendors operate and/or have facilities.
the storage location(s) are chosen in order to operate efficiently, improve performance, and create redundancies to protect the information in the event of an outage or other problem.
we take steps to ensure that the information we collect under this privacy notice is processed according to the provisions of this privacy notice and the requirements of applicable law wherever the information is located.
we may transfer personal information from the european union, european economic area (the “eu”) to other countries, some of which have not been determined by the european commission to have an adequate level of information protection.
when we do, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts, to help ensure your rights and protections travel with your information.
how we safeguard your personal information.
radisys maintains technical and organizational safeguards to ensure an appropriate level of security and confidentiality for your personal data, in accordance with our policies and applicable regulations, including the general data privacy regulations (“gdpr”) and the california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”).
how long we retain your personal information.
we generally retain personal information for as long as we believe it is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, to respond to complaints, or as otherwise required to meet legal, regulatory, tax, or similar obligations.
the data is securely deleted when it is no longer needed for those purposes.
how to access and control your personal information.
if you want to be removed from our marketing and sales databases or otherwise amend your information, please contact us as indicated above.
where we are processing your information on behalf of a customer, please contact the customer directly for any changes with respect to the collection and processing of your personal information.
your rights with respect to your personal information.
the right to be informed.
we are publishing our privacy notice to keep you informed about what we do with your personal information.
we strive for transparency.
the right to access.
you have the right to access and review your information.
the right to rectification.
if the information radisys holds about you is inaccurate or not complete you have the right to ask us to rectify it.
if that data has been passed to a third party with your consent or for legal reasons, then we will also ask them to rectify the data.
the right to erasure.
this is sometimes called the “right to be forgotten.
”  if you want us to erase all your personal information, we will do so unless we have a legal reason to continue to hold it.
you also have the following rights.
the right to know categories and sources of personal information collected.
the right to know the purposes for which the information was collected and to personal information minimization.
the right to know the categories of third parties with whom the information is shared.
the right to request specific pieces of personal information collected about you.
the right to data portability, or to request a free copy of your personal information in a readily usable format.
the right to ask us to delete personal information collected from you.
the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by radisys for exercising your privacy rights.
subject to applicable law and reasonable steps we may take to verify your identity with respect to your requests, you may exercise any of these rights by contacting us at or by mailing us using the mailing address listed above, with the following information.
your name, email address, and/or mailing address for response.
your request, for disclosure of the personal information radisys collects, and/or uses, and/or discloses about you to third parties.
your account number (if any) and the email address you used to sign up for communication or services, so that radisys can verify your identity.
you may also use an authorized agent to make a request to disclose or a request to delete on your behalf.
the process for making requests through an authorized agent is as follows.
provide the authorized agent a signed document indicating your permission for the agent to submit the request on your behalf.
verify your identity with radisys by providing your radisys account number (if any), and email address with which you registered for radisys communications or services.
and.
the agent must provide written confirmation that you have provided the agent with the permission to submit the request.
authorized agents should then submit a copy of your written, signed authorization for the agent to make the request on your behalf (for agent verification), as well as your request.
the agent should email the authorization and the specific request to or via mail to the mailing address listed above.
staff privacy training.
we train all new employees and existing employees at least annually on our privacy and security policies and procedures.
we also train employees responsible for responding to your privacy and security questions, concerns, and requests with specific procedures for responding.
your data protection rights under general data protection regulation (gdpr).
if you are a resident of the european economic area (eea).
you have the right to ask us to restrict how we process your personal data.
we may need to keep some data to make sure we respect your request in the future.
you have the right to request transmission of any personal information you have provided to us to you or another company.
if we have collected your personal information with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time.
(please note that withdrawing your consent will not in any way impact or affect the lawfulness of any processing that was conducted prior to your withdrawal of consent or our processing information under other legal bases.
).
you have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated data processing, including profiling.
updates to our privacy notice.
this privacy notice may be updated from time to time at radisys’ discretion to reflect changes in our privacy practices or relevant laws.
radisys will make any changes to this privacy notice by updating this page.
you should check this page periodically to ensure you are aware of any changes.
this privacy notice is effective as of may 25, 2018, and was revised on may 11, 2021.
sales support.
product support.
main +1.
503.
615.
1100.
toll free +1.
800.
950.
0044.
direct to sales +1.
503.
615.
1240.
support +1.
866.
385.
6167.
executive team.
careers.
locations.
corporate responsibility.
contact us.
general inquiries.
contact sales.
privacy settings.
cookie settings.
privacy policy.
©			2022			radisys | privacy policy | terms of service.
