our solution                our solution                our solutionintegrating with reach gives your global shoppers a frictionless, localized experience.
why reach.
reach's cross-border experts are here to help you succeed globally, not just push payment methods.
local currency advantagelocalized payment methodsinnovative technologyexpert local knowledgein-country payment solutionsour productsour suite of payment products give your shoppers the freedom to pay the way they want to.
fraud managementour approach is robust yet flexible & designed to react to evolving & current fraud patterns around the world.
pricingaccess our innovative solution with simple, pay-as-you-go pricing.
our solution.
integrating with reach gives your global shoppers a frictionless, localized experience.
reach's cross-border experts are here to help you succeed globally, not just push payment methods.
local currency advantage.
localized payment methods.
innovative technology.
expert local knowledge.
in-country payment solutions.
our suite of payment products give your shoppers the freedom to pay the way they want to.
our approach is robust yet flexible & designed to react to evolving & current fraud patterns around the world.
access our innovative solution with simple, pay-as-you-go pricing.
company                company                companyas the world of retail evolves online, our experts are dedicated to connecting brands to world markets.
about reachour team understands global consumers & how their shopping & checkout experience affect your brand.
careerswe believe in hiring great people and empowering them to achieve excellence.
newsroomexplore our latest press releases, news articles, and other company announcements.
platform partnersreach’s innovative plugin can be seamlessly integrated into all major ecommerce platforms.
shopifymagentosalesforce commerce cloudwoocommercecustom integrations.
company.
as the world of retail evolves online, our experts are dedicated to connecting brands to world markets.
our team understands global consumers & how their shopping & checkout experience affect your brand.
we believe in hiring great people and empowering them to achieve excellence.
explore our latest press releases, news articles, and other company announcements.
reach’s innovative plugin can be seamlessly integrated into all major ecommerce platforms.
shopify.
magento.
salesforce commerce cloud.
woocommerce.
custom integrations.
knowledge hub                knowledge hub                knowledge basestay in the know with our latest industry insights and educational whitepapers, case studies, videos, and much more.
blogexplore the world of cross-border payments with key insights from our industry expert.
case studiesdiscover the stories of global brands who have seen measurable success when they integrate with reach.
educationexplore our suite of educational content created to simplify the complex world of global payments.
knowledge base.
stay in the know with our latest industry insights and educational whitepapers, case studies, videos, and much more.
explore the world of cross-border payments with key insights from our industry expert.
discover the stories of global brands who have seen measurable success when they integrate with reach.
explore our suite of educational content created to simplify the complex world of global payments.
developers.
connect                connect                connectwant to get in touch.
we'd love to hear from you.
connectwe're available in a number of ways, any time you need us.
connect.
want to get in touch.
we'd love to hear from you.
we're available in a number of ways, any time you need us.
your privacy rights.
the purpose of this document is to inform you about the type of information we hold about you, how we use it and to let you know your rights.
reach exercises control over the processing of the data we hold about you and carries the data protection responsibility for it.
in legal terms this is referred to as being the ‘data controller’.
acceptance of privacy policy.
by accessing and using our services, you signify that you have reviewed the terms of this privacy policy.
where we require your consent to process your personal information, we will ask for your consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information.
if you do not agree with or you are not comfortable with any aspect of this privacy policy, you should immediately discontinue access or use of our services.
what personal information we use.
personal information is data that can be used to identify you directly or indirectly, or to contact you.
our privacy policy covers all personal information that you voluntarily submit to us.
we will not collect any personal data from you we do not need in order to provide and oversee this service to you.
reach will not give, sell, rent or loan any personal information to any third party.
what information is being collected.
we collect personal information to provide you with our services.
when we require certain personal information from users it is because such information is relevant for specified purposes.
we ask for your name, address, phone number and email address as this is our primary mechanism to identify you.
we also store information about your debit or credit card or other means of payment when you first provide it to us.
from time to time, we may also request identity documents to help with our fraud screening and identification.
how will your information be used.
your information will be used as per the following examples.
to process transactions and send notices about your transactions.
to verify your identity by comparing your personal information against third-party databases.
to enhance security, prevent fraud, monitor and verify identity or service access, combat spam or other malware or security risks.
to deliver targeted marketing, service update notices, and promotional offers based on your communication preferences and consent (where this in accordance with the law).
to resolve disputes.
to comply with legal obligations.
we will not use your personal information for purposes other than those purposes we have disclosed to you, without your permission.
from time to time we may request your permission to allow us to share your personal information with third parties.
you may choose not to have your personal information shared with third parties where we rely on consent as the lawful basis for processing your personal information.
you may also choose not to allow us to use your personal information for any purpose that is incompatible with the purposes for which we originally collected it or subsequently obtained your authorization.
if you choose to limit the use of your personal information, we may not be able to continue to offer you our services.
use of information collected automatically.
we receive and store certain types of information automatically.
this information does not necessarily reveal your identity directly but may include information about the specific device you are using, such as the hardware model, operating system version, web-browser software (such as firefox, safari, or internet explorer), your internet protocol (ip) address/mac address/device identifier and location country.
we use this information so we can protect your information from being used fraudulently, for example, from a different ip address unrelated to you or country.
how will your information be shared.
we take care to allow your personal information to be accessed only by those who really need to in order to perform their tasks and duties, and to share with third parties who have a legitimate purpose for accessing it.
we will only share your data in the following circumstances.
we share your information with third party identity verification services in order to prevent fraud.
this allows us to confirm your identity by comparing the information you provide us.
we may share your information with any third parties where required to do so by applicable law or any court or other authority to which we are subject in any jurisdiction.
or we believe in good faith that the disclosure of personal information is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, to report suspected illegal activity or to investigate violations.
we may share your information with other third parties with your consent or direction to do so.
our legal basis for processing data.
we collect and use the data that we have, in line with and.
as necessary to fulfill our terms and conditions.
consistent with your consent, which you may revoke at any time, if we process for any other purpose than as set forth under this privacy policy.
how we protect and store personal information.
we understand how important your privacy is.
this is why we take every precaution necessary to maintain security of your personal information.
we store your personal information so that it helps us prevent fraud and for ease of use.
we use computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption in order to keep all your personal information, including payment details secure.
retention period of the data.
we store data that identifies you until it is no longer necessary to provide our services to you or our business relationship ceases.
this is a case-by-case determination that depends on things such as the nature of the data, why it is collected and processed, and relevant legal or operational retention needs.
for example, we may retain certain purchase information for accounting and security purposes even after our business relationship ceases.
transfers to a third country and safeguards.
while reach is based in canada, our service providers may store, transfer, and otherwise process your personal information in countries outside of the country of your residence.
we require that the third party agree to at least the same level of privacy safeguards as required under applicable data protection laws.
children’s personal information.
we do not knowingly request to collect personal information from any person under the age of 18.
your rights in relation to the use of your personal information.
you have the right to make a request to.
access all personally identifiable information that we hold about you.
restrict or object to the processing of the personal data we hold about you.
erase your personal data.
receive personal data about you that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine readable format where we use it with your consent.
changes to this privacy policy.
we may periodically post changes to this privacy policy.
when required by law, we will notify you of any changes to this privacy policy.
if we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address provided to us) or by means of a notice prior to the change becoming effective.
contact us.
with regards to this privacy policy, or if you have a complaint or request related to your rights and personal information, please contact us at .
complaints.
you can also complain about our processing of your personal information to the relevant data protection authority.
you can complain in the eu member state where you live or work, or in the place where the alleged breach of data protection law has taken place.
in the uk, the relevant data protection authority is the information commissioner’s office (ico).
ready to get started.
our solution.
why reach.
our products.
fraud management.
pricing.
company.
about reach.
careers.
platform partners.
newsroom.
knowledge hub.
faqs.
blog.
case studies.
education.
connect.
shoppers.
retailers.
merchant support.
partnerships.
follow us.
