industriesautonomous systemsaerospace & defenseautomotiveenergy systemshealthcareoil & gastransportationother markets.
autonomous systems.
aerospace & defense.
automotive.
energy systems.
healthcare.
oil & gas.
transportation.
other markets.
customersoverviewcustomer applicationscustomer snapshotscustomer announcements.
overview.
customer applications.
customer snapshots.
customer announcements.
productsoverviewconnext professionalconnext secureconnext anywhereconnext microconnext certconnext drivetoolsinfrastructure servicesadd-on productsthird-party integrationslicensing and pricing.
overview.
connext professional.
connext secure.
connext anywhere.
connext micro.
connext cert.
connext drive.
tools.
infrastructure services.
add-on products.
third-party integrations.
licensing and pricing.
servicesoverviewxceleratorsrti academyarchitecture studysupport.
overview.
xcelerators.
rti academy.
architecture study.
support.
supportoverviewrti customer portal.
overview.
rti customer portal.
developersoverviewindustry benchmarksdocumentationgetting startedcase + coderti labscommunitysupport.
overview.
industry benchmarks.
documentation.
getting started.
case + code.
rti labs.
community.
support.
resourcesoverviewconnext podcastblog.
overview.
connext podcast.
blog.
companyabout rtiteamconsortiaeventsnewsroompartnersresearch programsuniversity programcareerscontact us.
about rti.
team.
consortia.
events.
newsroom.
partners.
research programs.
university program.
careers.
contact us.
try a fully-functional version of connext for 30 days.
autonomous systems.
autonomous systems are revolutionizing all aspects of society.
these systems present the best opportunity in generations to make the world greener, safer, healthier, faster and more productive.
rti is the largest software framework company for autonomous systems.
across industries, customers rely on us to help them develop intelligent, distributed systems to run a smarter world.
customers.
with over 1,800 deployments, rti software runs many of the most complex systems in the world.
rti connext, based on the dds standard, powers the largest energy plants in north america, connects perception to control in vehicles, coordinates combat management on us navy ships, drives a new generation of medical robotics, controls hyperloop and flying cars, provides 24/7 medical intelligence for hospital patients and emergency victims, and much more.
products.
rti provides the intelligent connectivity framework designed for smart machines and real world systems.
rti connext dds delivers the edge-to-cloud connectivity software needed to streamline, control and monitor the most demanding and mission-critical systems.
products.
connext, based on the dds standard, is the first connectivity framework designed for the demanding requirements of smart machines and real-world systems.
the connext product suite simplifies application and integration logic with a powerful data-centric model.
it manages data in motion and allows applications and devices to work together as one, integrated system.
services.
there’s no room for error in designing, integrating, connecting and deploying mission-critical systems.
the professional services team works with rti customers to provide real-world expertise, increase efficiency and drive project success.
support.
rti understands that connectivity software is a mission-critical part of your application.
our support engineers are exceptionally qualified in all areas of real-time and embedded systems and are trained to quickly troubleshoot and problem solve.
developers.
from downloads to hello world, we've got you covered.
find all of the tutorials, documentation, peer conversations and inspiration you need to get started using connext today.
resources.
rti provides a broad range of technical and high-level resources designed to assist in understanding industry applications, the rti connext product line and its underlying data-centric technology.
company.
rti is the largest software framework company for autonomous systems.
the company’s rti connext product enables intelligent architecture by sharing information in real time, making large applications work together as one.
privacy policy.
published date.
may 22, 2018effective date.
may 25, 2018revised date.
october 21, 2020.
privacy is a priority for us at rti.
real-time innovations, inc.
(“we” or “rti”) use the following guidelines to protect the information we collect during your visit to our website,  over the telephone, at trade shows, during product use, or through any other interaction.
because these guidelines affect information about you, please read them carefully and contact us if you have any questions or concerns.
how does rti collect information.
online.
every time you visit  we collect information such as your ip address -- the internet address of your computer, the web page from which you came, and a record of your activity on our site.
this information is gathered to learn more about traffic patterns on  so we can improve our website.
for some areas of our site, we ask you to provide additional information that helps us enhance your site visit, assist you with technical support issues, or permit post-visit follow-up.
information you provide to our marketing team.
if you provide rti personal information when you attend one of rti’s webinars, download rti’s evaluation software, complete a user survey or provide information at a conference, rti adds that information to our customer database and may share such information with partner companies after obtaining your consent to do so.
information on rti’s support portal or engineering services sites.
if you provide information on rti’s support or engineering sites (such as rti community, rti academy, the rti github, or rti gitlab) rti uses the provided information to provide certain engineering services and to improve your user experience, as further described below.
information during use of the software.
if you use rti software, rti may collect usage statistics to improve rti products and user experience, as further described below.
how does rti use information collected about me.
we use the information we receive from you to tailor your  experience and provide you with the specific information or services you are seeking.
the information you provide remains confidential.
if you download a webinar, an evaluation version of rti software, complete a user survey, or provide your information at a conference, we add any information you provide to our customer database.
we will also add you to our customer database if you are a current rti customer and you receive products or services from rti.
as a member of our customer database, you may receive periodic mailings, e-mails, or telephone calls from us about new products and services, discounts, special promotions, or upcoming events.
information added to our customer database is aggregated with other information previously collected.
if you use rti software, including, but not limited to, rti’s evaluation software, we may collect usage statistics.
these usage statistics include the version number of the software, information about which tools and/or services you are using, how often you are using the software, and methods of use.
this data will be used to improve rti software usability, create better resources/documentation to support your product usage, and improve the overall user experience.
if you provide information while visiting rti’s support portal or other engineering websites, rti uses such information to provide product related information, access, and services.
rti may also use such information to allow posts on an rti community forum or to improve your user experience.
we are a us-based company and we store your information on password-protected databases located outside of the european union.
you may contact us if you object to the transfer of your information outside of the european union, however we will not be able to provide access to products and services without such transfer.
does rti share my information.
we may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
we may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy.
to our subsidiaries and affiliates.
to contractors and service providers we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of rti’s assets.
to third parties after you provide consent to share such information, such as when you choose to make your personal information available to rti partners or through the rti community portal.
third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies and rti is not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties.
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
for example, if you give us an email address to contact one of our partners during a webinar, conference, or other marketing event, we will send that information as requested.
or.
for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
we may also disclose your personal information.
to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
or.
to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
how can i control the information.
we respect your right to access, correct, request deletion or request restriction of our usage of your personal information as required by applicable law.
you may opt out of certain targeted marketing information.
depending on your location, you may have certain additional rights with respect to your information, including the following.
the right to know what personal information we maintain about you.
we can provide you with a copy of your personal information on request.
the right to ask us to update incomplete or inaccurate information.
the right to object to rti’s processing of your personal information.
the right to delete or restrict how we use your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
this right may impact your access to some of rti’s services.
to pursue any of the rights above, please contact our data protection officer by email allow four to six weeks for these changes to take effect in our internal customer databases.
note, your information may not be completely "deleted" from our database because we may maintain back-ups that could be reasonably impractical to delete from our system.
how long does rti keep my data.
rti will keep your data until it is no longer necessary to provide services to you or until you inform us you no longer want rti to use your information.
rti will retain and use information to the extent necessary to comply with legal obligations and we may retain log files for internal purposes.
how does rti use cookies.
a cookie is a small file, typically only a few bytes, placed on your computer's hard drive.
if you agree, then your browser adds the text in a small file.
at rti, we primarily use cookies to tailor a web application to you.
please review our cookie policy for more information.
does rti maintain third-party web site links.
any links to third-party web sites are provided on  as a benefit to you, however a third party controls them.
changes to rti’s privacy policy.
rti may amend this privacy policy from time to time.
we will post updated privacy policy changes on this page.
if we believe the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice by adding it to the homepage or by sending you an email notification.
we encourage you to check back regularly to review any updates.
information for california residents.
california consumers’ rights and choicesif you are a california resident, california law permits you to request information regarding the.
categories of personal information (as defined by applicable california law) collected, sold or disclosed by us.
purposes for which categories of personal information collected by us are used.
sources of information from which we collect personal information.
and.
specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
in addition, if you are a california resident you may.
opt-out of the sale or disclosure of your personal information, in some circumstances.
opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us.
however, you may still receive administrative communications regarding the services.
opt-in to certain financial incentive programs we may offer related to the collection, sale, or deletion of your personal information.
and.
request deletion of your personal information by us and our service providers, in some circumstances.
you will not be discriminated against for exercising your rights under the california consumer privacy act.
our privacy policy can be found in the previous section of this page.
requests.
you can make requests related to your california privacy rights (including the right to access, delete or restrict the sale of your personal information) here.
you may also make those requests by calling 1-800-579-3806.
please be aware that we do not accept or process requests through other means (e.
g.
, via fax, social media, email addresses, etc.
).
when you make a request, we may ask you to provide verifying information, such as your name, email, or phone number.
we will review the information provided and may request additional information via email or other means to ensure we are interacting with the correct individual.
please also be aware that making any such request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal or deletion of personal information or content you may have posted, and there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow us to fulfill your request.
children.
our services are not directed to children, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16.
if you learn that a child has provided us with personal information, then you may contact us as indicated above.
do not track.
rti does not currently take steps to respond to browsers’ “do not track” signals as no uniform standard to respond to such signals has been developed at this time.
date created.
january 6, 2020.
effective date.
january 1, 2020.
how can i contact rti.
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of our web site, or your dealings with rti, contact rti’s data protection officer, catherine mekler.
catherine mekler232 east java drivesunnyvale, ca 94089usatel.
(408) 990-7400e-mail.
.
contact sales.
rti community.
rti products.
rti professional services.
getting started.
resource center.
add content for popup here.
social.
blog.
industriesautonomous systemsaerospace & defenseautomotiveenergy systemshealthcareoil & gastransportationother markets.
autonomous systems.
aerospace & defense.
automotive.
energy systems.
healthcare.
oil & gas.
transportation.
other markets.
customers.
products.
services.
support.
developers.
resources.
companyabout rtiteamconsortiaeventsnewsroompartnersresearch programsuniversity programcareerscontact usblog.
about rti.
team.
consortia.
events.
newsroom.
partners.
research programs.
university program.
careers.
contact us.
blog.
privacy policy.
cookie policy.
unsubscribe.
