privacy policy.
jobs.
press.
imprint.
1.
an overview of data protection.
general.
the following gives a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when you visit our website.
personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified.
detailed information on the subject of data protection can be found in our privacy policy found below.
data collection on our website.
who is responsible for the data collection on this website.
the data collected on this website are processed by the website operator.
the operator's contact details can be found in the website's required legal notice.
how do we collect your data.
some data are collected when you provide it to us.
this could, for example, be data you enter on a contact form.
other data are collected automatically by our it systems when you visit the website.
these data are primarily technical data such as the browser and operating system you are using or when you accessed the page.
these data are collected automatically as soon as you enter our website.
what do we use your data for.
part of the data is collected to ensure the proper functioning of the website.
other data can be used to analyze how visitors use the site.
what rights do you have regarding your data.
you always have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge.
you also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted.
you can contact us at any time using the address given in the legal notice if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection.
you may also, of course, file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities.
analytics and third-party tools.
when visiting our website, statistical analyses may be made of your surfing behavior.
this happens primarily using cookies and analytics.
the analysis of your surfing behavior is usually anonymous, i.
e.
we will not be able to identify you from this data.
you can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools.
detailed information can be found in the following privacy policy.
you can object to this analysis.
we will inform you below about how to exercise your options in this regard.
2.
general information and mandatory information.
data protection.
the operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously.
we treat your personal data as confidential and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.
if you use this website, various pieces of personal data will be collected.
personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified.
this privacy policy explains what information we collect and what we use it for.
it also explains how and for what purpose this happens.
please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.
g.
via email communication) may be subject to security breaches.
complete protection of your data from third-party access is not possible.
notice concerning the party responsible for this website.
the party responsible for processing data on this website is.
red dot gmbh & co.
kg a red dot group company martin-kremmer-str.
14-16 45327 essen germany.
telefon +49 201 838885-0 telefax +49 201 81418-10 e-mail.
reddot(at)red-dot.
de.
the responsible party is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (names, email addresses, etc.
).
revocation of your consent to the processing of your data.
many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent.
you may revoke your consent at any time with future effect.
an informal email making this request is sufficient.
the data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
right to file complaints with regulatory authorities.
if there has been a breach of data protection legislation, the person affected may file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities.
the competent regulatory authority for matters related to data protection legislation is the data protection officer of the german state in which our company is headquartered.
a list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found at the following link.
.
right to data portability.
you have the right to have data which we process based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract automatically delivered to yourself or to a third party in a standard, machine-readable format.
if you require the direct transfer of data to another responsible party, this will only be done to the extent technically feasible.
ssl or tls encryption.
this site uses ssl or tls encryption for security reasons and for the protection of the transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries you send to us as the site operator.
you can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser's address line when it changes from " to " and the lock icon is displayed in your browser's address bar.
if ssl or tls encryption is activated, the data you transfer to us cannot be read by third parties.
information, blocking, deletion.
as permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with information free of charge about any of your personal data that is stored as well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed.
you also have the right to have this data corrected, blocked or deleted.
you can contact us at any time using the address given in our legal notice if you have further questions on the topic of personal data.
opposition to promotional emails.
we hereby expressly prohibit the use of contact data published in the context of website legal notice requirements with regard to sending promotional and informational materials not expressly requested.
the website operator reserves the right to take specific legal action if unsolicited advertising material, such as email spam, is received.
3.
data protection officer.
statutory data protection officer.
we have appointed a data protection officer for our company.
philipp huberty wichernstr.
6 42653 solingen.
telefon.
+49 212-25 34 042 e-mail.
.
4.
data collection on our website.
cookies.
some of our web pages use cookies.
cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses.
cookies help make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure.
cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.
most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies.
" they are automatically deleted after your visit.
other cookies remain in your device's memory until you delete them.
these cookies make it possible to recognize your browser when you next visit the site.
you can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie.
alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser.
disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
cookies which are necessary to allow electronic communications or to provide certain functions you wish to use (such as the shopping cart) are stored pursuant to art.
6 paragraph 1, letter f of dsgvo.
the website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure an optimized service provided free of technical errors.
if other cookies (such as those used to analyze your surfing behavior) are also stored, they will be treated separately in this privacy policy.
server log files.
the website provider automatically collects and stores information that your browser automatically transmits to us in "server log files".
these are.
browser type and browser version.
operating system used.
referrer url.
host name of the accessing computer.
time of the server request.
ip address.
these data will not be combined with data from other sources.
the basis for data processing is art.
6 (1) (f) dsgvo.
the website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of log data to ensure an optimized service provided free of technical errors.
contact form.
should you send us questions via the contact form - e.
g.
like this one.
red-dot.
de/pd/participate/informationsmaterial-2017/, we will collect the data entered on the form, including the contact details you provide, to answer your question and any follow-up questions.
we do not share this information without your permission.
depending on your request the basis for data processing is art.
6 (1) (b) dsgvo, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract or art.
6 (1) (f) dsgvo (legitimate interest).
5.
analytics and advertising.
google analytics.
this website uses google analytics, a web analytics service.
it is operated by google inc.
, 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa.
google analytics uses so-called "cookies".
these are text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you.
the information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a google server in the usa and stored there.
google analytics cookies are stored based on art.
6 (1) (f) dsgvo.
the website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both its website and its advertising.
ip anonymization.
we have activated the ip anonymization feature on this website.
your ip address will be shortened by google within the european union or other parties to the agreement on the european economic area prior to transmission to the united states.
only in exceptional cases is the full ip address sent to a google server in the us and shortened there.
google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity, and to provide other services regarding website activity and internet usage for the website operator.
the ip address transmitted by your browser as part of google analytics will not be merged with any other data held by google.
browser plugin.
you can prevent these cookies being stored by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser.
however, we wish to point out that doing so may mean you will not be able to enjoy the full functionality of this website.
you can also prevent the data generated by cookies about your use of the website (incl.
your ip address) from being passed to google, and the processing of these data by google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link.
.
objecting to the collection of data.
you can prevent the collection of your data by google analytics by clicking on the following link.
an opt-out cookie will be set to prevent your data from being collected on future visits to this site.
disable google analytics.
for more information about how google analytics handles user data, see google's privacy policy.
.
outsourced data processing.
we have entered into an agreement with google for the outsourcing of our data processing and fully implement the strict requirements of the german data protection authorities when using google analytics.
demographic data collection by google analytics.
this website uses google analytics' demographic features.
this allows reports to be generated containing statements about the age, gender, and interests of site visitors.
this data comes from interest-based advertising from google and third-party visitor data.
this collected data cannot be attributed to any specific individual person.
you can disable this feature at any time by adjusting the ads settings in your google account or you can forbid the collection of your data by google analytics as described in the section "refusal of data collection".
6.
newsletter.
newsletter data.
if you would like to receive our newsletter, we require a valid email address as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the owner of the specified email address and that you agree to receive this newsletter.
no additional data is collected or is only collected on a voluntary basis.
we only use this data to send the requested information and do not pass it on to third parties.
we will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with your consent per art.
6 (1) (a) dsgvo.
you can revoke consent to the storage of your data and email address as well as their use for sending the newsletter at any time, e.
g.
through the "unsubscribe" link in the newsletter.
the data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
the data provided when registering for the newsletter will be used to distribute the newsletter until you cancel your subscription when said data will be deleted.
data we have stored for other purposes (e.
g.
email addresses for the members area) remain unaffected.
newsletter for award winners and award participants.
for winners and participants of the red dot award we occassionaly send a newsletter with award-related information.
this is based on art.
6 (1)(f) dsgvo.
our legitimate interest is to keep winners and partcipants up-to-date concerning their possibilities of participating and taking advantages like rebates or information on further awards and events where we are co-organizer or supporter.
we always provide an unsubscribe-link if you wish not to receive this information anymore.
7.
plugins and tools.
youtube.
our website uses plugins from youtube, which is operated by google.
the operator of the pages is youtube llc, 901 cherry ave.
, san bruno, ca 94066, usa.
if you visit one of our pages featuring a youtube plugin, a connection to the youtube servers is established.
here the youtube server is informed about which of our pages you have visited.
if you're logged in to your youtube account, youtube allows you to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile.
you can prevent this by logging out of your youtube account.
youtube is used to help make our website appealing.
this constitutes a justified interest pursuant to art.
6 (1) (f) dsgvo.
further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of youtube under .
vimeo.
our website uses features provided by the vimeo video portal.
this service is provided by vimeo inc.
, 555 west 18th street, new york, new york 10011, usa.
if you visit one of our pages featuring a vimeo plugin, a connection to the vimeo servers is established.
here the vimeo server is informed about which of our pages you have visited.
in addition, vimeo will receive your ip address.
this also applies if you are not logged in to vimeo when you visit our website or do not have a vimeo account.
the information is transmitted to a vimeo server in the us, where it is stored.
if you are logged in to your vimeo account, vimeo allows you to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile.
you can prevent this by logging out of your vimeo account.
for more information on how to handle user data, please refer to the vimeo privacy policy at .
8.
our offerings on social media platforms.
we maintain online presences in social networks and media such as facebook, youtube and twitter in order to communicate with our users and to provide you with information.
in these social networks and media, user data may be processed outside the european union, which may make it more difficult to enforce your rights.
providers from the us that are certified under the privacy shield commit themselves to comply with and observe the eu data protection standards.
when visiting a page in social networks and media, your data is usually processed for market research and advertising purposes.
user profiles may be created on the basis of your user behaviour and interests and used for the placement of advertisements.
for this purpose, cookies are used.
although we have no influence on the processing of personal data in social networks and media, we inform you that, if it was the case, the data would be processed in order to pursue our legitimate interests regarding an effective exchange of information and communication with you according to art.
6, section 1, letter f of the gdpr.
if you are requested by the respective providers to consent to data processing, the legal basis for the processing will be art.
6, section 1, letter a and art.
7 of the gdpr.
for a detailed description of the respective processing operations and opt-out options, you can click on the links below which take you to the social networks and media in which we provide our services.
in the case of requests for information and the assertion of user rights, these can be claimed most effectively from the providers of the social networks and media as only they have access to your user data.
below please find a list of the social networks and media in which we provide our services.
facebook (facebook ireland ltd.
, 4 grand canal square, grand canal harbour, dublin 2, irland).
datenschutzerklärung.
.
opt-out.
und .
privacy shield.
.
google/ youtube (google llc, 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa).
datenschutzerklärung.
.
opt-out.
.
privacy shield.
.
instagram (instagram inc.
, 1601 willow road, menlo park, ca, 94025, usa).
datenschutzerklärung/ opt-out.
.
twitter (twitter inc.
, 1355 market street, suite 900, san francisco, ca 94103, usa).
datenschutzerklärung.
.
opt-out.
.
privacy shield.
.
linkedin (linkedin ireland unlimited company wilton place, dublin 2, irland).
datenschutzerklärung .
opt-out.
.
privacy shield.
.
xing (xing ag, dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 hamburg, deutschland).
datenschutzerklärung/ opt-out.
.
vimeo, inc.
, 555 west 18th street, new york, new york 10011.
datenschutzerklärung.
.
opt-out.
vimeo.
com/cookie_policy.
product design.
brands & communication design.
design concept.
about red dot.
contact.
imprint.
privacy policy.
