buy 2 tubs/pouches, get free shipping shop now.
shopproductsrecovery blendcollagen peptidesfunctional beveragenutritional ebookshop by health needathletic performance & recoverybeauty & healthy agingonline coursescollagen builders, co factors & regulatorsnutrition for hard skeleton healthnutrition for cartilage healthnutrition for soft tissuenutrition for blood & musclenutrition for skin healthmy courses.
productsrecovery blendcollagen peptidesfunctional beveragenutritional ebook.
products.
recovery blend.
collagen peptides.
functional beverage.
nutritional ebook.
shop by health needathletic performance & recoverybeauty & healthy aging.
shop by health need.
athletic performance & recovery.
beauty & healthy aging.
online coursescollagen builders, co factors & regulatorsnutrition for hard skeleton healthnutrition for cartilage healthnutrition for soft tissuenutrition for blood & musclenutrition for skin healthmy courses.
online courses.
collagen builders, co factors & regulators.
nutrition for hard skeleton health.
nutrition for cartilage health.
nutrition for soft tissue.
nutrition for blood & muscle.
nutrition for skin health.
my courses.
why resyncabout uswhy resync.
about us.
why resync.
lifestyleblogsciencenitric oxidecollageninterviews with experts.
blog.
sciencenitric oxidecollageninterviews with experts.
science.
nitric oxide.
collagen.
interviews with experts.
health professionalswholesale accountsresources.
wholesale accounts.
resources.
your cart is currently empty.
total  $0.
00.
shopproductsrecovery blendcollagen peptidesfunctional beveragenutritional ebookshop by health needathletic performance & recoverybeauty & healthy agingonline coursescollagen builders, co factors & regulatorsnutrition for hard skeleton healthnutrition for cartilage healthnutrition for soft tissuenutrition for blood & musclenutrition for skin healthmy courses.
productsrecovery blendcollagen peptidesfunctional beveragenutritional ebook.
recovery blend.
collagen peptides.
functional beverage.
nutritional ebook.
shop by health needathletic performance & recoverybeauty & healthy aging.
athletic performance & recovery.
beauty & healthy aging.
online coursescollagen builders, co factors & regulatorsnutrition for hard skeleton healthnutrition for cartilage healthnutrition for soft tissuenutrition for blood & musclenutrition for skin healthmy courses.
collagen builders, co factors & regulators.
nutrition for hard skeleton health.
nutrition for cartilage health.
nutrition for soft tissue.
nutrition for blood & muscle.
nutrition for skin health.
my courses.
why resyncabout uswhy resync.
about us.
why resync.
lifestyleblogsciencenitric oxidecollageninterviews with experts.
blog.
sciencenitric oxidecollageninterviews with experts.
nitric oxide.
collagen.
interviews with experts.
health professionalswholesale accountsresources.
wholesale accounts.
resources.
privacy policy.
home.
privacy policy.
privacy policy.
1.
purpose.
this privacy policy (“policy) applies to the web site located at resyncproducts.
com (“site”) which is owned and operated by resync, llc, a florida limited liability company (“resync” or “we”).
the policy identifies the personally-identifiable information (“pi”) and other data (“data”) gathered by resync (collectively, “information”) and the use by us of such information.
for example, when you purchase something from our store, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
when you browse our store, we automatically receive information about you, your computer, and your internet browsing, including your computer’s internet protocol (ip) address, in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
with your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
please contact us if you have any questions about this policy.
2.
acceptance of the policy.
you accept this policy by setting up an account and/or visiting the site.
3.
changes to policy.
if we make any significant changes to this policy we will notify you by email, post a notice of such changes on the site, or flag this policy on the site.
you agree to our use of electronic communications with you for purposes of this policy.
if you do not agree to the changes to this policy, your sole option is to terminate your use of the site.
we reserve the right to continue to maintain and use data previously collected in accordance with the policy in force as of that date, and to terminate your further use of your account and the site.
4.
pi.
we collect pi that you provide us in connection with your use of the site’s functionality, such as when you create an account or make a purchase.
this information includes your name, address, telephone number, email and mailing addresses, and credit card information.
if passwords are not encrypted, then pi may include passwords.
we use pi to communicate with you, fill orders placed through our store, help you manage your account, analyze activity at the site, assess and address security issues, and generally administer and improve the site.
we use information in the aggregate for our business purposes, but we do not use it in a manner that allows identification of an individual user.
if we wish to use pi for marketing products or services to you, we will specifically request your consent and you are free to say “no” to such uses.
you are also free to later opt out of such marketing communications, and can do so either through the site or by communicating with us at .
5.
legal.
we may use pi as required or permitted by law, including in response to service of legal process (court order, summons, subpoena, and the like).
we may disclose pi to law enforcement or regulatory authorities as part of an investigation into activity at the site (such as a suspected breach) or in connection with your account.
we shall use reasonable measures to limit disclosure and use of such pi.
we may use pi in connection with the establishment or defense of legal claims and may use pi if you violate our terms of service.
6.
security.
we implement technical, physical and administrative safeguards designed to protect pi against loss and against unauthorized access, use, and disclosure.
we have information retention processes designed to retain personal information as necessary for the purposes stated above or to otherwise meet legal requirements.
if you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (ssl) and stored with a aes-256 encryption.
although no method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all pci-dss requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
7.
data.
we collect data regarding your use of the site, such as computer-related information (the device or browser type you used to access the site, your internet protocol address, and the date and time of your login).
we send a “cookie” or “pixel tag” to your computer which contains an identification number that is unique to the computer you are using.
you may decline to provide such information to us and/or refuse cookies in your browser, although some of our features or services may not function properly as a result, and some services may not be available.
we use this information to enhance the experience of using the site, to tailor our site to its visitors, to understand how our site is used, to investigate and verify proper conduct at the site, and to monitor the security and integrity of the site.
8.
disclosure/sale of pi to third parties.
we may disclose information to third parties for purposes authorized by you (typically the fulfillment of orders).
we may sell to third parties data regarding our business, and any pi included in such information will be scrubbed, de-linked, or anonymized so that it cannot be associated with you.
if our company or store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
9.
third party agents – access to and use of pi.
we may use subcontractors to assist us in our business, including hosting of the site and/or information, conducting promotional services, or for technical support.
such third parties shall agree with us in writing to maintain your privacy at least with the level of protection set forth in this policy.
with respect to payment information, your data is stored on a secure server behind a firewall and any stored data is encrypted through the payment card industry data security standard (pci-dss).
10.
unrelated third party links and information.
our site contains links to other websites or other information and materials provided by third parties.
we do not own or control such other websites or third parties and are not responsible for the information provided by those third parties.
we do not control, and are not responsible for, their privacy policies or the information collected at such third party websites.
11.
transfer of information.
we may transfer information an asset in connection with a merger or sale (including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings) involving all or part of a company reorganization or other change in company control.
the new entity or owner of our business shall maintain your pi as set forth in this policy and/or as required by court order or applicable law.
12.
information about children.
we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
if a parent or guardian believes that their child under the age of 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, they should contact us.
13.
your access to pi.
you may request access or updates to your pi or request a correction be made to an inaccuracy in your pi by contacting us as set out below.
in some cases we may enable our customers to access their accounts for such purposes.
for security purposes, we may request pi from you in connection with such access.
14.
deleting and retention of pi.
you may request that we delete or deactivate your account or otherwise delete pi, and we shall attempt to accommodate such requests.
however, we may retain and use pi for such periods of time as required or permitted by law or best business practices.
15.
applicable jurisdiction.
this policy applies to our customers, and to visitors to our site, which for purposes of this agreement is located in the state of florida, usa.
we do not represent that it complies with privacy laws outside the united states.
16.
contact.
please contact us with any questions and/or comments you may have.
resync, llc attn.
chief executive officer 2351 vista parkway.
, unit 300 west palm beach, florida 33411 usa.
email.
telephone.
561-469-7655.
effective date of policy.
april 17, 2017.
2351 vista parkway, unit 300west palm beach fl, 33411.
(561) 469-7655.
shop now.
resync recovery.
resync collagen peptides.
online courses.
all products & bundles.
learn more.
about resync.
why resync.
shop by health need.
blogs.
join our team.
ambassador program.
wholesale accounts.
educational resources.
support.
faqs.
contact us.
shipping & returns.
privacy policy.
dmca policy.
copyright 2022 © resync, llc.
all right reserved.
| terms of service | disclaimer.
added to cart successfully.
from_js.
