technology vendors.
recent research.
newsletter.
media support.
login.
who we servefunctioncorporate strategycorporate venture capitalventure capitalcorporate innovationwells fargo success storylearn more →industriesconsumertechinsurancehealthcarefinancial services3m success storylearn more →success stories.
functioncorporate strategycorporate venture capitalventure capitalcorporate innovationwells fargo success storylearn more →.
corporate strategy.
corporate venture capital.
venture capital.
corporate innovation.
wells fargo success storylearn more →.
wells fargo success story.
learn more →.
industriesconsumertechinsurancehealthcarefinancial services3m success storylearn more →.
consumer.
tech.
insurance.
healthcare.
financial services.
3m success storylearn more →.
3m success story.
learn more →.
success stories.
how we helpunderstand tech marketsanticipate competitor strategydetermine tech strategyconnect with tech vendors & partnersturbocharge digital transformation.
understand tech markets.
anticipate competitor strategy.
determine tech strategy.
connect with tech vendors & partners.
turbocharge digital transformation.
what we offerplatformoverviewmarket analytics and visualizationsteam management and collaborationtechnology search engineplatform overviewlearn more →dataresearchapi & data feedsanalyst briefingspricing.
platformoverviewmarket analytics and visualizationsteam management and collaborationtechnology search engineplatform overviewlearn more →.
overview.
market analytics and visualizations.
team management and collaboration.
technology search engine.
platform overviewlearn more →.
platform overview.
learn more →.
data.
research.
api & data feeds.
analyst briefings.
pricing.
about usoverviewour teamsbusiness developmentengineeringoperationsproductsee all →open jobs.
overview.
our teamsbusiness developmentengineeringoperationsproductsee all →.
business development.
engineering.
operations.
product.
see all →.
open jobs.
kabuku.
the profile is currenly unclaimed by the seller.
all information is provided by cb insights.
overview & products.
financials.
people.
customers.
stage.
total raised.
about kabuku.
kabuku operates rinkak – an online marketplace where users can buy and sell 3d-printed products.
the rinkak marketplace gives artists and designers access to high-end 3d printers and eliminates the need for them to maintain stock on-site.
aside from the typical plastic printing material used by many 3d printers, rinkak can also process orders using ceramics, metals, and rubber.
it also encourages collaboration between users to create truly unique products.
kabuku headquarter location.
42-6-104 udagawa-cho shibuya-ku.
tokyo, 150-0042,.
japan.
predict your next investment.
the cb insights tech market intelligence platform analyzes millions of data points on venture capital, startups, patents , partnerships and news mentions to help you see tomorrow's opportunities, today.
expert collections containing kabuku.
expert collections are analyst-curated lists that highlight the companies you need to know in the most important technology spaces.
kabuku is included in 1 expert collection, including advanced materials.
advanced materials.
1,253 items.
startups developing new or improved materials (chemicals, alloys, etc.
) that provide physical or functional advantages to basic materials.
latest kabuku news.
sep 13, 2018.
aug 28, 2017august 28th, 2017, tokyo – futaba corporation (tyo.
6986) today announced it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire kabuku inc.
, a leader in digital manufacturing enterprise solutions.
global brain has invested in kabuku, as the lead investor, through gb-v growth fund investment limited partnership back in 2015.
■about futaba corporationfutaba corporation (tyo.
6986) is a company mainly engaged in the manufacture and sale of electronic parts, electronic equipment and production equipment.
the company operates in three business segments.
the electronic part segment is engaged in the manufacture and sale of electric parts including fluorescent display tubes, fluorescent tube modules, organic el display and touch panel.
the electronic equipment segment is engaged in the manufacture and sale of electronic equipment, such as radio-controlled equipment, model engines and functional parts for robots.
the production equipment segment offers parts for press dies, mold and die parts, precision plates and power-saving equipment.
■about kabuku inc.
kabuku inc.
(  ) develops products and services that fuse hardware, software and design with core digital fabrication technology.
they offer 3d printing technology solutions to corporate clients, support activities of digital creators around the world and have been involved in advanced technology research with industry, government and academia.
they also offer the unique 3d printing service “rinkak” which uses a proprietary 3d analysis engine and uses an open innovation type marketing infrastructure.
in addition, “rinkak” has grown to be the largest marketplace for 3d printed products in asia.
where is kabuku's headquarters.
kabuku's headquarters is located at 42-6-104 udagawa-cho, tokyo.
where is kabuku's headquarters.
kabuku's headquarters is located at 42-6-104 udagawa-cho, tokyo.
what is kabuku's latest funding round.
kabuku's latest funding round is acquired.
what is kabuku's latest funding round.
kabuku's latest funding round is acquired.
how much did kabuku raise.
kabuku raised a total of $8.
1m.
how much did kabuku raise.
kabuku raised a total of $8.
1m.
who are the investors of kabuku.
investors of kabuku include futaba, global brain, mitsui sumitomo insurance venture capital, dentsu innovation partners, nissay capital and 4 more.
who are the investors of kabuku.
investors of kabuku include futaba, global brain, mitsui sumitomo insurance venture capital, dentsu innovation partners, nissay capital and 4 more.
discover the right solution for your team.
the cb insights tech market intelligence platform analyzes millions of data points on vendors, products, partnerships, and patents to help your team find their next technology solution.
about.
about us.
contact us.
how we help.
understand tech markets.
anticipate competitor strategy.
create tech strategy.
connect with tech vendors.
turbocharge digital transformation.
what we offer.
platform.
data.
research overview.
api & data feeds.
pricing.
popular research.
digital health 150.
fintech 250.
unicorn tracker.
company directory.
esp market matrix directory.
vc glossary.
retail tech 100.
terms of service.
council terms and conditions.
privacy policy.
do not sell my info.
partnership.
copyright 2022 cb information services, inc.
all rights reserved.
cbi websites generally use certain cookies to enable better interactions with our sites and services.
use of these cookies, which may be stored on your device, permits us to improve and customize your experience.
you can read more about your cookie choices at our privacy policy here.
by continuing to use this site you are consenting to these choices.
