home.
products.
solutions.
learn.
company.
partners.
factory.
control tower.
visualize and explore data insights on interactive dashboards.
industry.
financial services.
manufacturing.
healthcare.
utilities.
department.
supply chain.
marketing.
specific needs.
data quality.
transport optimization.
enhanced automl.
rulex academy.
rulex’s own training platform, with self-paced online training courses to bring you up to speed quickly on the best solution for your needs.
rulex university program.
how rulex is helping university students around the world gain a competitive edge in innovative technologies, with integrated hands-on training and academic licenses.
rulex certifications.
gain professional certification to kick-start your career, upgrade your technological skills, and share your success.
blog.
learn more about hot topics, such as explainable ai and dynamic pricing, in interviews and articles written by members of the rulex team.
about us.
the story of who we are and where we are going.
working with us.
join an ambitious and enthusiastic team.
newsroom.
find out our latest news and events.
r&d projects.
research is our passion.
student opportunities.
contact us.
let’s get in touch.
become a partner.
join our network and take part in the digital revolution.
discover our partners.
the list of our international and cross-industry partners.
data transfer eu-u.
s.
rulex complies with the eu-u.
s.
privacy shield framework as set forth by the u.
s.
department of commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the european union to the united states.
rulex has certified to the u.
s.
department of commerce that it adheres to the privacy shield principles.
if there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the privacy shield principles, the privacy shield principles shall govern.
to learn more about the privacy shield program, and to view our certification, please visit .
in compliance with the privacy shield principles, rulex commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.
eu individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our privacy shield policy should first contact rulex at.
[email protected].
rulex has further committed to cooperate with the panel established by the eu data protection authorities (dpas) with regard to unresolved privacy shield complaints concerning data transferred from the eu.
rulex informs individuals that.
• rulex is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the federal trade commission (ftc)• individuals have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration• rulex has legal liability in cases of onward transfers to third parties.
follow.
follow.
follow.
follow.
