aboutaboutour missionvideosproject references.
about.
our mission.
videos.
project references.
productselocatoremusteresecurityeservices.
elocator.
emuster.
esecurity.
eservices.
software.
technologyrfidcheckpointuwb.
rfid.
checkpoint.
uwb.
offshore.
onshore.
news.
contact.
privacy policy.
this privacy policy sets out how s3 id ltd uses and protects any information that you give s3 id ltd when you use this website.
it does not extend to any other websites that can be accessed from this website including, but not limited to any links we may provide to social media websites or news websites.
by using our website, you are consenting to our privacy policy.
s3 id ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
s3 id ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page.
you should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
this policy is effective from 14th may 2018.
what we collect     we may collect the following information.
contact information including but not limited to.
name, job title and email address.
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests.
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.
web browser type and version automatically collected.
in each case, in accordance with this policy.
what we do with the information we gather    we require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons.
internal record keeping.
to process an order or respond to an enquiry.
we may use the information to improve our products and services.
from time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes.
we may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
we may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
security     we are committed to ensuring that your information is secure.
in order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect via this website.
how we use cookies     a cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive.
once you agree, the file is added, and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site.
cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual.
the web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
we use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used.
this helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs.
we only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
our website uses a third-party web analytics service provided by google to collect data called google analytics.
this allows us to gain information such as visitor behavior patterns and website activity.
we will not assist or permit third parties to pass information to google that google could use or recognise as personally identifiable information.
you can choose to accept or decline cookies.
most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
links to other websites    our website may contain links to other websites of interest.
however, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website.
therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
you should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
controlling your personal information    you may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways.
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at or .
we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so this does not include our affiliates, subsidiaries and/or other companies within our group.
we may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
you may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the data protection act 1998.
if you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to s3 id ltd, bow bridge close, rotherham s60 1by, south yorkshire, united kingdom.
keep your personnel safe while minimising the time for emergency evacuations and muster drills.
mustering progress can be monitored and controlled in real time, locate personnel onshore, offshore or platform to platform, don’t be blind to the benefits of working safe and working smarter.
get in touch.
bow bridge close, rotherham s60 1by+44 (0)1709 782 400 .
privacy policy.
copyright ©  s3 id | all rights reserved.
