our company our company.
corporate responsibilitycorporate responsibility.
careerscareers.
investorsinvestors.
mediamedia.
at goodyear, innovation isn't just what we do-it's who we are.
learn about what drives us and where we're headed next.
our purpose and goals.
executive profiles.
our international facilities.
goodyear’s founding, firsts and facts.
global brands and business units.
submit your questions or comments.
supporting safe, smart and sustainable outcomes in our communities.
at goodyear, we are constantly evolving as we work to improve our performance.
no matter where you are in your career, we can help you drive it forward.
job areas and faqs.
internships, development programs and upcoming events.
corporate culture, employee wellness and training.
goodyear has been an industry leader for more than 100 years, but we believe our best is yet to come.
financial results, stock dividends and investor information.
upcoming event reminders and presentation archives.
forms, filings, annual reports and quarterly results.
charts, history and analyst coverage.
governance documents, board of directors and committees.
buy stock or contact a representative.
sign up to receive financial news and updates.
get up-to-date company information and the latest in goodyear innovation.
latest news releases.
sign up to receive the latest news and updates.
corporate, international and business-specific resources.
company images and graphics.
corporate responsibility, financial reports, and governance documents.
our company strategy roadmapleadershipglobal presencehistoryour brands & productscontact uscommunity engagement.
strategy roadmapleadershipglobal presencehistoryour brands & productscontact uscommunity engagement.
corporate responsibilitysustainable sourcingresponsible operationsadvanced mobilityinspiring culturebetter future blog.
sustainable sourcingresponsible operationsadvanced mobilityinspiring culturebetter future blog.
careersexplore careerscampus recruitingworking at goodyear.
explore careerscampus recruitingworking at goodyear.
investorsfinancial newsevents & presentationsfinancial reportsstock informationcorporate governanceinvestor contactsinvestor alerts.
financial newsevents & presentationsfinancial reportsstock informationcorporate governanceinvestor contactsinvestor alerts.
medianewsnews alertsmedia contactsmedia gallerycorporate reports.
newsnews alertsmedia contactsmedia gallerycorporate reports.
we have detected that you may be using an outdated browser that is not compatible with our website.
for a better browsing experience, please view using microsoft edge, google chrome, mozilla firefox or safari.
global privacy policy | goodyear corporate.
company history.
goodyear global privacy policy.
effective as of january 1, 2021.
this global privacy policy sets forth the general privacy principles that goodyear follows with respect to pii that is processed in our business operations.
in addition to this global privacy policy, there may be specific campaigns, promotions, programs and websites that are governed by additional privacy terms or policies.
goodyear encourages you to read these additional terms or policies before participating in or utilizing these campaigns, promotions, programs or websites as the processing of your pii in this context will be governed by those additional privacy terms and/or policies.
the goodyear tire & rubber company and its affiliates (collectively, "goodyear") respect individual privacy and value the confidence of our associates, customers, vendors and others with whom we do business.
goodyear strives to process personally identifiable information (“pii,” as defined below) in a manner consistent with the laws of the countries in which we do business, and we pride ourselves on upholding the highest ethical standards in our business practices.
important note for individuals located in (or whose pii is processed by goodyear entities established in) the european union (eu), iceland, liechtenstein, norway, and switzerland.
this policy consists of.
this front section, which sets out the general principles applied by goodyear when processing pii.
and.
an addendum for pii that (i) originates from or (ii) is processed in the eu, iceland, liechtenstein, norway, and switzerland (the "eu addendum").
if you are located in (or if your pii is processed in) one of the above jurisdictions, goodyear encourages you to read the eu addendum, which contains important additional information about the processing by goodyear of pii originating from or processed in those countries.
notice to california residents.
if you are a california resident, you may have certain additional rights under the california consumer privacy act, california civil code section 1798.
visit our your california privacy rights page for more information.
scope.
this policy applies to any and all forms of “processing” (as defined below) of pii in any format or medium, relating to (i) individuals who are customers, prospective customers, suppliers and prospective suppliers with whom goodyear does business or (ii) representatives or contact persons of such customers, suppliers, and prospective customers and suppliers.
the policy does not apply to any information processed about legal entities as such.
definitions.
for purposes of this policy, the following definitions shall apply.
“european economic area” or “eea” means the member states of the european union plus iceland, liechtenstein, norway, and switzerland.
"personally identifiable information" or “pii” means any information or set of information, whether alone or in combination with other personally identifiable information, processed by goodyear, which is sufficient to identify an individual.
personally identifiable information does not include information that is anonymous, nor does it include publicly available information that has not been combined with non-public personally identifiable information.
for pii originating from or processed in the eea, pii shall have the meaning given to it in the eu addendum.
“processing” shall mean any operation or set of operations that is performed upon pii or sets of pii, whether or not by automatic means, such as collection, recording, organization, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, blocking, erasure or destruction and the verb “to process” shall be construed accordingly.
as used in this policy, “goodyear” means the goodyear tire & rubber company and its affiliates.
privacy principles.
when processing pii, goodyear shall follow these principles.
notice and consent.
goodyear endeavors to inform persons whose pii goodyear collects, in accordance with applicable law.
this includes providing information about (i) the purposes for which goodyear collects and uses the pii, (ii) the types of third parties to which goodyear discloses (or may disclose) that pii, and (iii) the choices and means goodyear offers the subjects of the pii for limiting the use and disclosure of their pii.
unless otherwise required under applicable law, goodyear will endeavor to provide notice when persons are first asked to provide pii to goodyear, or as soon as practicable thereafter.
unless permitted by applicable law, no pii is collected without first obtaining the consent of the individual for the collection, use and disclosure of that pii.
in some circumstances the consent for goodyear to collect pii may arise from the nature of the relationship between goodyear and the individual, or an individual’s interaction with goodyear, such as by using a goodyear website or engaging in a transaction with goodyear.
when you provide pii to goodyear, you acknowledge that you have read this policy and, where required under applicable law, consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your pii in accordance with this policy and other applicable goodyear privacy policies, such as goodyear’s online privacy policy.
you may, as provided by applicable law, be free to refuse or withdraw your consent.
goodyear, and third parties on its behalf, use the pii collected from you for purposes such as, but not limited to, user registration.
administering and tracking a purchase, payment, return, warranty or rebate.
arranging for services.
inviting participation in online surveys.
requesting feedback on products and services.
and otherwise communicating with you through various channels.
choice.
subject to any stricter requirements under applicable law, goodyear will endeavor to offer persons whose pii it possesses an opportunity, where feasible and reasonable under the circumstances, to choose whether their pii is to be (a) disclosed to a third party, or (b) used for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individual.
goodyear will endeavor to provide individuals with mechanisms, reasonable under the circumstances, to exercise their choices.
if your pii is originating from or processed in the eea, please refer to the section “your rights” in the eu addendum for an overview of your rights in this context.
access and correction.
upon request and/or when required or otherwise appropriate, and within periods (if any) set by applicable law, goodyear will endeavor to grant individuals reasonable access to the pii that goodyear holds about them.
such access may be denied by goodyear where the denial is permitted by applicable law and every request from an individual will be assessed on a case by case basis.
in the event a request is denied, goodyear will notify the individual regarding the reasons for denial in writing.
consistent with how your pii is maintained in the ordinary course of goodyear's business, goodyear will provide the information in an understandable form.
we may impose a reasonable charge when a request is made (e.
g.
, for photocopying or postage) to the extent permitted under applicable law.
in addition, goodyear will endeavor to take reasonable steps to permit individuals to correct, amend, or delete pii that is demonstrated to be inaccurate or incomplete.
to guard against fraudulent requests for access, goodyear may require sufficient information to allow it to confirm the identity of the individual making the request before granting access.
if your pii is originating from or processed in the eea, please refer to the section “your rights” in the eu addendum for an overview of your rights, including your right of access and correction.
data integrity.
subject to any stricter requirements under applicable law, goodyear will endeavor to use pii only in ways that are compatible with the purposes for which the pii was collected or in ways that are subsequently authorized by the individual.
goodyear will endeavor to take reasonable steps to ensure that pii is relevant to its intended use, accurate, complete, and current.
disclosure and transfer to third parties.
goodyear is not in the business of selling pii to others, but may share your pii with subsidiaries or affiliates controlled by goodyear, and with third party service providers that perform services on goodyear’s behalf.
examples of these services include fulfilling orders, sending postal mail and e-mail, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, providing customer service, requesting feedback on products and services, and sending you marketing and promotional materials, service updates and reminders.
for pii originating from or processed in the eea, a list of the relevant categories of third-party recipients can be found in the eu addendum (see section “third-party recipients”).
goodyear may buy or sell stores, subsidiaries or business units.
in these types of transactions, pii is generally one of the business assets that is transferred.
that pii remains subject to the obligations stated in any pre-existing privacy policy.
in the event that goodyear or substantially all of its assets are acquired, pii will be one of the transferred assets.
cross-border transfers originating from the eea.
if your pii is originating from or processed in the eea, please refer to the paragraphs “legal basis for the processing” and “transfers outside the eea” in the eu addendum.
cross-border transfers not originating from the eea.
because goodyear does business in many countries, pii collected by goodyear in one country may be processed in another country, the laws of which may provide different levels of protection from those in the country where the pii was first collected.
pii gathered in one country may be subject to access by and disclosure to law enforcement agencies of jurisdictions other than the country where the pii was first collected.
goodyear also may share pii with organizations and entities that perform services on its behalf, and these organizations and entities may be located in countries other than the country in which the pii was first collected.
goodyear will endeavor to obtain appropriate and reasonably enforceable assurances from third parties, including its subsidiaries and affiliates, to which it discloses or transfers pii that these third parties will safeguard pii in a manner consistent with this policy.
when goodyear becomes aware that a third party is using or disclosing pii in a manner contrary to this policy, goodyear will endeavor to take reasonable steps to prevent or stop such use or disclosure.
to the extent applicable law requires an individual’s consent before disclosing pii to third parties, goodyear will endeavor to obtain the individual’s consent prior to such transfer.
there may be circumstances where goodyear is required to transfer pii without obtaining prior consent, including (i) where required by a court order.
(ii) where goodyear believes, upon reasonable grounds, that it is necessary to protect the rights, privacy, or safety or property of a person or group of persons.
(iii) where it is necessary to establish or collect monies owing to goodyear or to complete a transaction with a third party.
(iv) where it is necessary to permit goodyear to pursue available remedies or limit any damages we may sustain.
or (v) where the information is public.
when goodyear is obliged or permitted to disclose pii, goodyear will endeavor not to disclose more than is required.
goodyear may also make disclosures permitted by its online privacy policy.
security.
goodyear takes reasonable and appropriate precautions to protect pii in its possession from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, and to respond to the misuse, loss or unauthorized use of such pii.
governance.
goodyear will regularly review compliance with this and other goodyear privacy policies.
except to the extent otherwise prohibited by applicable law, any goodyear employee, associate or contractor that goodyear determines is in violation of this policy will be subject to appropriate disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment or engagement.
dispute resolution.
any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of pii should be directed to goodyear at the address given below.
goodyear will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of pii in accordance with the principles contained in this policy.
changes to this policy.
from time to time, goodyear may revise this global privacy policy, in which case the date indicated at the beginning of this global privacy policy will be updated.
contact information.
questions or comments about this policy should be submitted to the following person, by mail or e-mail.
director compliance & ethicsphone.
+1 330-796-7288e-mail.
.
addendum for individuals located in (or whose pii is processed by goodyear entities established in) the european economic area (“eu addendum”).
this eu addendum completes and supplements the front section of the goodyear global privacy policy for pii originating from or processed in the european economic area (“eea”).
in case of any contradictions between the front section of this policy and the eu addendum, the eu addendum will have precedence.
the purpose of this eu addendum is to provide the information required under the general data protection regulation, applicable in the eea as from may 25, 2018 (the "gdpr"),[1] including.
why and how the relevant goodyear entity collects, processes and stores your pii.
what its role as “controller” of your pii involves.
and.
what your rights and our obligations are in relation to this processing.
definitions.
for the purposes of the eu addendum, the following definitions shall apply.
“controller” generally means the legal entity that determines the purposes (i.
e.
why) and the means (i.
e.
how) of the processing of pii under this policy.
“goodyear” means the legal entity within the eea identified as the controller under the paragraph “ controller” of this eu addendum.
“personally identifiable information” or “pii” means any information that constitutes “personal data” under the gdpr, namely any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
[2].
“processor” means a natural or legal person that processes pii on behalf of the controller.
goodyear’s processors may be goodyear subsidiaries, affiliates or third-party suppliers and service providers.
goodyear will conclude a data processing agreement with its processors to ensure your pii is processed in accordance with the gdpr.
controller.
goodyear in the eea is made up of different legal entities, i.
e.
goodyear dunlop tires europe bv and its affiliates.
when we mention “goodyear,” “we,” “us,” or “our” in this addendum, we are referring to the relevant goodyear legal entity in the eea that determines the purposes and means of processing your pii under this policy.
we will let you know which entity will be the controller for your pii when we collect your pii.
collection of pii.
your pii may be collected whenever goodyear.
interacts with individuals who are prospective and existing customers/suppliers.
interacts with individuals who are representatives or contact persons of prospective and existing customers/suppliers that are legal entities (e.
g.
for the selling/ordering of products or for marketing related purposes).
or.
uses public databases to facilitate the provision of goods or services (e.
g.
to link a license plate with car identification information).
categories of pii collected.
we may collect.
basic identification information, such as name, title, position, company name, email and/or postal address and the fixed and/or mobile phone number.
financial information (e.
g.
bank account details, credit card information).
information regarding the status of direct marketing emails (e.
g.
not delivered, delivered, opened).
car identification information (including license plate to the extent it is permitted under applicable law).
tire warranty registration information and reference numbers.
and.
any additional information you voluntarily provide, (e.
g.
by filling in a form or registering for an email newsletter).
this information may either be directly provided by the above individuals or provided by the legal entity for whom they work (e.
g.
if they are the contact person designated by their employer to manage the commercial relations with goodyear).
please note that in some countries, car identification information may also be obtained from publicly accessible sources to which we have access to link the license plate with the car identification information.
consequences of a refusal to provide pii.
you are not subject to any legal obligation to provide your pii to goodyear.
however, access to and use of any goods or services provided by us may not be able to commence or continue if you do not provide such pii.
purposes of the processing.
goodyear, and processors acting on its behalf, process the pii collected from you for a specific purpose and only process the pii that is relevant to achieve that purpose.
we process pii to.
undertake sales and procurement activities relating to our products and services.
market our products and services.
administer our customers and suppliers (e.
g.
user registration, account opening, credit checks).
manage and enhance the relationship with our customers and suppliers.
supply our products and services to our customers (e.
g.
administering and tracking a purchase, payment, return, warranty or rebate.
managing billing and invoicing.
arranging for services).
prepare and manage contracts with our customers and suppliers.
measure consumer interest in our various products and services.
improve our existing products and services (or those under development) by means of customer and non-customer surveys, statistics and tests, or requesting feedback on products and services.
improve the quality of services taking into account preferences in terms of means of communication (phone, email, etc.
) and frequency.
periodically send promotional emails about our products, special offers and information that the company for which you work may find interesting, using the email address provided by you or for you (if any).
otherwise communicate with you through various channels, (e.
g.
by periodically sending you promotional emails about our products, including special offers and information).
monitor activities at our facilities, including compliance with applicable policies as well as security, health and safety rules in place.
manage and monitor our it resources, including infrastructure management & business continuity.
manage our archiving and records.
track our activities (measuring sales, number of calls, etc.
).
preserve the company’s economic interests.
reply to an official request from a public or judicial authority with the necessary authorisation.
and.
manage legal and regulatory requirements, defend our legal rights and prevent and detect crime, including regular compliance monitoring.
legal basis of the processing.
we are not allowed to process pii if we do not have a valid legal ground.
therefore, we will only process pii if.
we have obtained your prior consent.
the processing is necessary to perform our contractual obligations towards you or to take pre-contractual steps at your request.
the processing is necessary to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations (e.
g.
tax or accounting requirements).
or.
the processing is necessary for the legitimate interests of goodyear and does not unduly affect your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
please note that, when processing your pii on this basis, we seek to maintain a balance between our legitimate interests and your privacy.
examples of such ‘legitimate interests’ are.
to buy products and services from our suppliers or from potential suppliers.
to offer our products and services to our customers or prospective customers.
to benefit from cost-effective services (e.
g.
we may decide to use certain platforms offered by external suppliers to process data).
to better manage and administer the relationships with the customers and their data.
to improve the quality of services to the customers by taking into account their preferences in terms of means of communication (phone, e-mail, etc.
) and frequency.
to measure the customers’ interest in goodyear products and gain a better understanding of customer interaction with the marketing emails, including by performing statistical and other research and analysis of data with respect to the status of the emails (e.
g.
not delivered, delivered, opened).
to enable goodyear to offer advertising and offers tailored to its customers so that goodyear can market its products better.
to prevent fraud or criminal activity, misuses of our products or services, as well as the security of our it systems, architecture and networks.
to sell any part of our business or its assets or if substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case pii could form part of one of the assets we sell.
andto meet our corporate and social responsibility objectives.
to buy products and services from our suppliers or from potential suppliers.
to offer our products and services to our customers or prospective customers.
to benefit from cost-effective services (e.
g.
we may decide to use certain platforms offered by external suppliers to process data).
to better manage and administer the relationships with the customers and their data.
to improve the quality of services to the customers by taking into account their preferences in terms of means of communication (phone, e-mail, etc.
) and frequency.
to measure the customers’ interest in goodyear products and gain a better understanding of customer interaction with the marketing emails, including by performing statistical and other research and analysis of data with respect to the status of the emails (e.
g.
not delivered, delivered, opened).
to enable goodyear to offer advertising and offers tailored to its customers so that goodyear can market its products better.
to prevent fraud or criminal activity, misuses of our products or services, as well as the security of our it systems, architecture and networks.
to sell any part of our business or its assets or if substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case pii could form part of one of the assets we sell.
and.
to meet our corporate and social responsibility objectives.
third-party recipients.
we may transfer pii to our employees (to the extent they need it to perform their tasks) and other goodyear affiliates.
such other companies will either act as another controller (in which case you will be separately informed about this processing) or only process pii on behalf and upon request of the controller (thereby acting as a processor).
in addition, we may also transfer your pii to third party processors that are not goodyear affiliates to complete the purposes listed above, to the extent they need it to carry out the instructions we have given to them.
such third-party processors include.
our it service providers, cloud service providers and database providers.
our consultants, suppliers and service providers that assist goodyear in promoting and marketing its products and services.
store and analyze the pii.
conduct user and consumer ratings, reviews and surveys.
communicate with you on goodyear’s behalf.
process and fulfill transactions, including tire purchases and installations and/or other vehicle services.
and as otherwise necessary to provide promotional communications or services to customers.
your pii may also be disclosed to.
any third party to whom we assign or novate any of our rights or obligations under a relevant agreement.
any national and/or international regulatory, enforcement or exchange body or court where we are required to do so by applicable law or regulation or at their request.
and.
any central or local government department and other statutory or public bodies.
transfers outside the european economic area.
the pii transferred within or outside goodyear may also be processed in a country outside the eea.
if your pii is transferred outside the eea, we will enter into eu standard contractual clauses approved by the european commission prior to such transfer to ensure the required level of protection for the transferred pii.
you may request additional information in this respect and obtain a copy of the relevant safeguard we have put in place by exercising your rights as set out below (see section “your rights”).
pii retention.
we will retain your pii for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
the criteria we use to determine retention periods for pii include.
the purposes for which the pii is collected, legal statutory limitation periods, retention periods imposed by law, applicable contractual requirements and relevant industry standards.
your rights.
you have a right of access to your pii as processed by goodyear under this policy.
if you believe that any information we hold about you is incorrect or incomplete, you may also request the correction thereof.
goodyear will promptly correct any such information.
you also have the right to.
request the erasure of your pii.
request the restriction of the processing of your pii.
withdraw your consent where goodyear obtained your consent to process pii (without this withdrawal affecting the lawfulness of processing prior to the withdrawal).
object to the processing of your pii for direct marketing purposes.
or.
object to the processing of your pii for other purposes in certain cases where goodyear processes your pii on another legal basis than your consent.
goodyear will honour such requests, withdrawals or objections as required under the applicable data protection rules.
in addition, you also have the right to data portability.
this is the right to obtain the pii you have provided to goodyear in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and request the transmission of such pii to you or a third party, without hindrance from goodyear and subject to your own confidentiality obligations.
to exercise the above rights, please send an email to .
if you have any questions or are not satisfied with how goodyear processes your pii, please let us know by sending an e-mail at or a written and signed request to goodyear dunlop tires operations s.
a.
, avenue gordon smith, l-7750 colmar-berg (grand-duchy of luxembourg).
we will examine your question or complaint and get back to you as soon as possible.
you also always have the right to file a complaint with the competent data protection authority.
[1] regulation 2016/679 of the eu parliament and of the council of 27 april 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing directive 95/46/ec.
[2] an identifiable natural person is a person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
online privacy policy.
terms of use.
your california privacy rights.
our company.
corporate responsibility.
careers.
investors.
media.
our brands & products.
goodyear suppliers.
insurance verification.
international site directory.
sitemap.
terms, conditions & privacy policy.
© 2022 the goodyear tire & rubber company.
contact us.
please make							sure you've entered valid information for all required fields.
note.
all fields are required.
to.
thank you for your message.
thanks for your interest in goodyear.
your message has been forwarded to our experts.
our associates typically reply within 2 business days.
sorry.
there seems to be a problem.
this action is temporarily unavailable.
please try again later.
