home.
productseeq workbenchseeq organizerseeq data labseeq cortexseeq architectureprofessional serviceswhat's new.
seeq workbench.
seeq organizer.
seeq data lab.
seeq cortex.
seeq architecture.
professional services.
what's new.
deploymentseeq + awsseeq + microsoft azureseeq + osisoft pi systemsupported data systems.
seeq + aws.
seeq + microsoft azure.
seeq + osisoft pi system.
supported data systems.
industriesfood & beverageiiot / industrial internet of thingsmining, metals & materialsoil & gaspharmaceuticals & life sciencespower & electric utilitiespulp & paperchemicals & petrochemicalsutilities.
food & beverage.
iiot / industrial internet of things.
mining, metals & materials.
oil & gas.
pharmaceuticals & life sciences.
power & electric utilities.
pulp & paper.
chemicals & petrochemicals.
utilities.
resourcesdownloadsnewspress releasesblogeventsuse casesvideoswebinarsknowledge basesupportcustomer case studies.
downloads.
news.
press releases.
blog.
events.
use cases.
videos.
webinars.
knowledge base.
support.
customer case studies.
aboutculture blogawards & accoladesexecutive teamboardinvestorspartnerssystem integratorsinductive automationschneider electricemersonhoneywellcareers.
culture blog.
awards & accolades.
executive team.
board.
investors.
partnerssystem integratorsinductive automationschneider electricemersonhoneywell.
system integrators.
inductive automation.
schneider electric.
emerson.
honeywell.
careers.
schedule live demo.
search.
breadcrumb.
home.
seeq corporation privacy policy.
seeq corporation privacy policy.
protecting your private information is our priority.
this statement of privacy applies to seeq.
com, as well as all of its subdomains, and seeq corporation and governs data collection and usage.
for the purposes of this privacy policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to seeq corporation include seeq.
com, and all seeq.
com subdomains, as well as all seeq software.
the seeq website is a software products company site.
by using the seeq website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
collection of your personal information.
in order to better provide you with products and services offered on our site, seeq may collect personally identifiable information, such as your.
first and last name.
e-mail address.
phone number.
employer.
job title.
we do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us.
however, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the site.
these may include.
(a) registering for an account on our site.
(b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners.
(c) sending us an email message.
we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us.
we also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
use of your personal information.
seeq collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
seeq may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from seeq and its partners.
sharing information with third parties.
seeq does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
seeq may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, or provide customer support.
all such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to seeq, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
seeq may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to.
(a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on seeq or the site.
(b) protect and defend the rights or property of seeq.
and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of seeq, or the public.
tracking user behavior.
seeq may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within seeq.
com, in order to determine what seeq services are the most popular.
this data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within seeq to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
seeq application software may track feature usage in order to determine what features of the software are most popular.
this data is used to prioritize enhancements to seeq software and identify areas that can be improved.
automatically collected information.
information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by seeq.
this information can include.
your ip address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses.
this information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the seeq website.
use of cookies.
the seeq website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience.
a cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server.
cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
one of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time.
the purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page.
for example, if you personalize seeq pages, or register with seeq site or services, a cookie helps seeq to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
this simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on.
when you return to the same seeq website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the seeq features that you customized.
you have the ability to accept or decline cookies.
most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the seeq services or websites you visit.
links.
this website contains links to other sites.
please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites.
we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
security of your personal information.
seeq secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
seeq uses the following methods for this purpose.
-    ssl protocol   when personal information is collected it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the secure sockets layer (ssl) protocol.
we strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information.
unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
as a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that.
(a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the internet which are beyond our control.
and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this site cannot be guaranteed.
children under thirteen.
seeq does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen.
if you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
e-mail communications.
from time to time, seeq may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.
in order to improve our services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from seeq or click on a link therein.
if you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from seeq, you may opt out of such communications by clicking on the unsubscribe or manage subscription links in any email that you receive.
external data storage sites.
we may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
changes to this statement.
seeq reserves the right to change this privacy policy from time to time.
we will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page.
your continued use of the site and/or services available through this site after such modifications will constitute your.
(a) acknowledgment of the modified privacy policy.
and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that policy.
contact information.
seeq welcomes your questions or comments regarding this statement of privacy.
if you believe that seeq has not adhered to this statement, please contact seeq at.
seeq corporation 113 cherry st.
pmb 78762seattle, washington 98104-2205   email address.
telephone number.
+1 (206) 801-9339   effective as of may 24, 2018.
recent blog posts.
conneqt recap.
key takeaways from seeq’s first global industry conference - may 27, 2022.
quantifying manufacturing losses with enterprise oee- april 27, 2022.
our investments, your outcomes.
shortening the pharmaceutical lifecycle to provide better, faster cures- april 20, 2022.
learn more.
products.
resources.
about.
contact.
subscribe.
policies & statements.
terms of service.
privacy policy.
professional services standards.
saas master trust policies.
end user license agreement.
