parametric search.
shop.
investors.
blog.
mysemtech.
en										encn													(中文)jp													(日本語)fr.
en.
cn													(中文).
jp													(日本語).
fr.
lora®lora overviewlora overviewlora is the de facto wireless platform of internet of things (iot).
semtech's lora chipsets connect sensors to the cloud and enable real-time communication of data and analytics that can be utilized to enhance efficiency and productivity.
read morelora (phy)benefits of loralorawan®																		standardproductsapplicationsapplications overviewwith an ever-increasing number of iot vertical applications, lora devices and the lorawan standard is creating business efficiencies and improving lives around the world.
read																	moreagriculturecovid-19																		supportcitiesenvironmenthealthcarebuildingshomesindustrial																		controlretailsupply																		chain and logisticselectricitygaswaterecosystemecosystem overviewlora is bolstered by a diverse global ecosystem of hardware manufacturers, software designers, network providers, and industry associations.
read																	morelora alliance®featured																		sensor use casesgatewayssoftwarenetworksindustry																		alliancesresourcesresources overviewexplore our top resources to help you learn more about lora devices and the lorawan standard or bring a lora-based solution to market.
read morelora products																		overviewvideoswhite																		papers & use caseslora developers																		&																		tech supportlorawan																		academypinpoint rfpslogo usepress																		releasespress																		coveragecontact.
lora overviewlora overviewlora is the de facto wireless platform of internet of things (iot).
semtech's lora chipsets connect sensors to the cloud and enable real-time communication of data and analytics that can be utilized to enhance efficiency and productivity.
read morelora (phy)benefits of loralorawan®																		standardproducts.
lora overview.
lora is the de facto wireless platform of internet of things (iot).
semtech's lora chipsets connect sensors to the cloud and enable real-time communication of data and analytics that can be utilized to enhance efficiency and productivity.
lora (phy).
benefits of lora.
lorawan®																		standard.
products.
applicationsapplications overviewwith an ever-increasing number of iot vertical applications, lora devices and the lorawan standard is creating business efficiencies and improving lives around the world.
read																	moreagriculturecovid-19																		supportcitiesenvironmenthealthcarebuildingshomesindustrial																		controlretailsupply																		chain and logisticselectricitygaswater.
applications overview.
with an ever-increasing number of iot vertical applications, lora devices and the lorawan standard is creating business efficiencies and improving lives around the world.
agriculture.
covid-19																		support.
cities.
environment.
healthcare.
buildings.
homes.
industrial																		control.
retail.
supply																		chain and logistics.
electricity.
gas.
water.
ecosystemecosystem overviewlora is bolstered by a diverse global ecosystem of hardware manufacturers, software designers, network providers, and industry associations.
read																	morelora alliance®featured																		sensor use casesgatewayssoftwarenetworksindustry																		alliances.
ecosystem overview.
lora is bolstered by a diverse global ecosystem of hardware manufacturers, software designers, network providers, and industry associations.
lora alliance®.
featured																		sensor use cases.
gateways.
software.
networks.
industry																		alliances.
resourcesresources overviewexplore our top resources to help you learn more about lora devices and the lorawan standard or bring a lora-based solution to market.
read morelora products																		overviewvideoswhite																		papers & use caseslora developers																		&																		tech supportlorawan																		academypinpoint rfpslogo usepress																		releasespress																		coveragecontact.
resources overview.
explore our top resources to help you learn more about lora devices and the lorawan standard or bring a lora-based solution to market.
lora products																		overview.
videos.
white																		papers & use cases.
lora developers																		&																		tech support.
lorawan																		academy.
pinpoint rfps.
logo use.
press																		releases.
press																		coverage.
contact.
productsproducts overviewproducts overviewthousands of customers worldwide rely on our diverse product portfolio and world class technology roadmap for solutions in low power wireless communications, optical data transport, video broadcasting, power management, circuit protection, touch sensing, and more.
read morequick linksproduct																		selector guidesshopparametric																		search												lora 												wireless rf																							products overviewlora®, a long range, low power platform, and the de facto wireless platform of internet of things, is highly integrated and cost-effective, boasting a notable battery life of up to 20 years, a 3-mile range in urban environments and a 30-mile range outdoors.
read																	morelora core™lora edge™lora 2.
4ghzfrequency shift keying (fsk)																								circuit protection																							products overviewsophisticated devices that protect sensitive circuitry from electrostatic discharge (esd), electrical fast transients (eft), cable discharge events (cde), and other electrical overstress.
read																	morecircuit protection products																	general purpose esd protectionesd & emi filter deviceshigh-current lightning protectionlow-capacitance tvslow-voltage esd protectionautomotivesclamp™ system protectioninterfacesantennaautomotive ethernetautomotive high speedethernethdmirs-485usbvbus																								signal integrity																							products overviewa comprehensive portfolio of innovative optical, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor solutions that serve the rising global demand for high-speed data transmission products.
read																	moreclock & data recoverylaser drivers and transceiverslimiting amplifiersrosassignal conditionerstransimpedance amplifiers																								professional av																							products overviewadvanced off-the-shelf technology that enables end-to-end systems and integrates advanced inline signal processing capabilities such as light compression, broadcast quality scaling and audio down-mixing.
read																	moreblueriveravxt																																				perse™ smart												sensing											products overviewultra-low power, feature-rich touch controllers that are optimized for numerous applications and provide best-in-class sensitivity with robust noise immunity to enhance touch and near range proximity detection.
read																	moreperse connectperse connect properse controlio expanders																								broadcast video																							products overviewaward-winning solutions designed specifically to push real-world broadcast boundaries in performance, reach, power, and signal integrity while reducing time to market and design risks.
read																	moreav interface & protocol conversionconfigurable eq/cdcable driverscable equalizerscrosspointsreceivers (deserializers)reclockingtransmitters (serializers)																								power management																							products overviewa pioneer in power management ics across networking and industrial power, handheld power and automotive applications, semtech leads the quest to enable a new class of greener, smarter and smaller end products.
read																	moreecobrite led driversecospeed dc-dc convertersfemtobuck dc-dc regulators and controllersfemtoswitch load switch icsnanosmart ldosneo-iso solid state relaysspecial functions																								high reliability																							products overviewdesigned to operate across a wide temperature range in unforgiving environments, these devices are ideal for aerospace, industrial and military applications.
read																	morerectifier diodestvs diodeszener diodeshigh current rectifier assemblieshigh voltage rectifier assembliessingle phase full wave bridge assembliesthree phase full wave bridge assembliescenter tap and doubler assembliestvs assembliescots diodescots power.
products overviewproducts overviewthousands of customers worldwide rely on our diverse product portfolio and world class technology roadmap for solutions in low power wireless communications, optical data transport, video broadcasting, power management, circuit protection, touch sensing, and more.
read morequick linksproduct																		selector guidesshopparametric																		search.
products overview.
thousands of customers worldwide rely on our diverse product portfolio and world class technology roadmap for solutions in low power wireless communications, optical data transport, video broadcasting, power management, circuit protection, touch sensing, and more.
quick links.
product																		selector guides.
shop.
parametric																		search.
lora 												wireless rf																							products overviewlora®, a long range, low power platform, and the de facto wireless platform of internet of things, is highly integrated and cost-effective, boasting a notable battery life of up to 20 years, a 3-mile range in urban environments and a 30-mile range outdoors.
read																	morelora core™lora edge™lora 2.
4ghzfrequency shift keying (fsk).
products overview.
lora®, a long range, low power platform, and the de facto wireless platform of internet of things, is highly integrated and cost-effective, boasting a notable battery life of up to 20 years, a 3-mile range in urban environments and a 30-mile range outdoors.
lora core™.
lora edge™.
lora 2.
4ghz.
frequency shift keying (fsk).
circuit protection																							products overviewsophisticated devices that protect sensitive circuitry from electrostatic discharge (esd), electrical fast transients (eft), cable discharge events (cde), and other electrical overstress.
read																	morecircuit protection products																	general purpose esd protectionesd & emi filter deviceshigh-current lightning protectionlow-capacitance tvslow-voltage esd protectionautomotivesclamp™ system protectioninterfacesantennaautomotive ethernetautomotive high speedethernethdmirs-485usbvbus.
products overview.
sophisticated devices that protect sensitive circuitry from electrostatic discharge (esd), electrical fast transients (eft), cable discharge events (cde), and other electrical overstress.
circuit protection products.
general purpose esd protection.
esd & emi filter devices.
high-current lightning protection.
low-capacitance tvs.
low-voltage esd protection.
automotive.
sclamp™ system protection.
interfaces.
antenna.
automotive ethernet.
automotive high speed.
ethernet.
hdmi.
rs-485.
usb.
vbus.
signal integrity																							products overviewa comprehensive portfolio of innovative optical, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor solutions that serve the rising global demand for high-speed data transmission products.
read																	moreclock & data recoverylaser drivers and transceiverslimiting amplifiersrosassignal conditionerstransimpedance amplifiers.
products overview.
a comprehensive portfolio of innovative optical, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor solutions that serve the rising global demand for high-speed data transmission products.
clock & data recovery.
laser drivers and transceivers.
limiting amplifiers.
rosas.
signal conditioners.
transimpedance amplifiers.
professional av																							products overviewadvanced off-the-shelf technology that enables end-to-end systems and integrates advanced inline signal processing capabilities such as light compression, broadcast quality scaling and audio down-mixing.
read																	moreblueriveravxt.
products overview.
advanced off-the-shelf technology that enables end-to-end systems and integrates advanced inline signal processing capabilities such as light compression, broadcast quality scaling and audio down-mixing.
blueriver.
avxt.
perse™ smart												sensing											products overviewultra-low power, feature-rich touch controllers that are optimized for numerous applications and provide best-in-class sensitivity with robust noise immunity to enhance touch and near range proximity detection.
read																	moreperse connectperse connect properse controlio expanders.
products overview.
ultra-low power, feature-rich touch controllers that are optimized for numerous applications and provide best-in-class sensitivity with robust noise immunity to enhance touch and near range proximity detection.
perse connect.
perse connect pro.
perse control.
io expanders.
broadcast video																							products overviewaward-winning solutions designed specifically to push real-world broadcast boundaries in performance, reach, power, and signal integrity while reducing time to market and design risks.
read																	moreav interface & protocol conversionconfigurable eq/cdcable driverscable equalizerscrosspointsreceivers (deserializers)reclockingtransmitters (serializers).
products overview.
award-winning solutions designed specifically to push real-world broadcast boundaries in performance, reach, power, and signal integrity while reducing time to market and design risks.
av interface & protocol conversion.
configurable eq/cd.
cable drivers.
cable equalizers.
crosspoints.
receivers (deserializers).
reclocking.
transmitters (serializers).
power management																							products overviewa pioneer in power management ics across networking and industrial power, handheld power and automotive applications, semtech leads the quest to enable a new class of greener, smarter and smaller end products.
read																	moreecobrite led driversecospeed dc-dc convertersfemtobuck dc-dc regulators and controllersfemtoswitch load switch icsnanosmart ldosneo-iso solid state relaysspecial functions.
products overview.
a pioneer in power management ics across networking and industrial power, handheld power and automotive applications, semtech leads the quest to enable a new class of greener, smarter and smaller end products.
ecobrite led drivers.
ecospeed dc-dc converters.
femtobuck dc-dc regulators and controllers.
femtoswitch load switch ics.
nanosmart ldos.
neo-iso solid state relays.
special functions.
high reliability																							products overviewdesigned to operate across a wide temperature range in unforgiving environments, these devices are ideal for aerospace, industrial and military applications.
read																	morerectifier diodestvs diodeszener diodeshigh current rectifier assemblieshigh voltage rectifier assembliessingle phase full wave bridge assembliesthree phase full wave bridge assembliescenter tap and doubler assembliestvs assembliescots diodescots power.
products overview.
designed to operate across a wide temperature range in unforgiving environments, these devices are ideal for aerospace, industrial and military applications.
rectifier diodes.
tvs diodes.
zener diodes.
high current rectifier assemblies.
high voltage rectifier assemblies.
single phase full wave bridge assemblies.
three phase full wave bridge assemblies.
center tap and doubler assemblies.
tvs assemblies.
cots diodes.
cots power.
technologytechnology overviewtechnology overviewour highly differentiated, disruptive analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and advanced algorithms enable today's most innovative electronics within some of the fastest growing verticals and markets.
read morequick linksrelated																		applicationslora																		white papers & infographicsproduct																		selector guideslora wireless rffor the iotlora wireless rffor the iot overviewlora is the de facto wireless platform of internet of things (iot).
semtech's lora chipsets connect sensors to the cloud and enable real-time communication of data and analytics that can be utilized to enhance efficiency and productivity.
read morelora (phy)benefits of loralorawan®																		standardperse™ smart sensingperse™ smart sensing overviewsemtech's perse technology intelligently senses human presence for optimized connectivity and enhanced user experience.
read morequick linksinfographicbrochureblogsproductstri-edge pam4 cdrtri-edge pam4 cdr overviewtri-edge is a cdr platform optimized for pam4 optical interconnect in next-generation 200g and 400g data center module and aoc applications.
read morequick linkstri-edge white																		paperproduct																		selector guideopen eye msablueriverplatform for sdvoe™blueriverplatform for sdvoe™blueriver av-over-ip chipsets are the world’s only chipsets to transport uncompressed, zero-latency ultra hd/4k hdr over standard ethernet and are the foundation for software defined video over ethernet (sdvoe) technology.
read																	moreblueriver																		overviewblueriver																		applicationsblueriver																		vertical marketssdvoe																		alliance®circuit protectioncircuit protection overviewsemtech is leading the way in transient voltage suppression (tvs) protection solutions that safeguard electronics systems against damage or latch-up caused by electrostatic discharge (esd), lightning (surge), and other destructive voltage transients.
read																	morecircuit																		protection overviewz-platform.
technology overviewtechnology overviewour highly differentiated, disruptive analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and advanced algorithms enable today's most innovative electronics within some of the fastest growing verticals and markets.
read morequick linksrelated																		applicationslora																		white papers & infographicsproduct																		selector guides.
technology overview.
our highly differentiated, disruptive analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and advanced algorithms enable today's most innovative electronics within some of the fastest growing verticals and markets.
quick links.
related																		applications.
lora																		white papers & infographics.
product																		selector guides.
lora wireless rffor the iotlora wireless rffor the iot overviewlora is the de facto wireless platform of internet of things (iot).
semtech's lora chipsets connect sensors to the cloud and enable real-time communication of data and analytics that can be utilized to enhance efficiency and productivity.
read morelora (phy)benefits of loralorawan®																		standard.
lora wireless rffor the iot overview.
lora is the de facto wireless platform of internet of things (iot).
semtech's lora chipsets connect sensors to the cloud and enable real-time communication of data and analytics that can be utilized to enhance efficiency and productivity.
lora (phy).
benefits of lora.
lorawan®																		standard.
perse™ smart sensingperse™ smart sensing overviewsemtech's perse technology intelligently senses human presence for optimized connectivity and enhanced user experience.
read morequick linksinfographicbrochureblogsproducts.
perse™ smart sensing overview.
semtech's perse technology intelligently senses human presence for optimized connectivity and enhanced user experience.
quick links.
infographic.
brochure.
blogs.
products.
tri-edge pam4 cdrtri-edge pam4 cdr overviewtri-edge is a cdr platform optimized for pam4 optical interconnect in next-generation 200g and 400g data center module and aoc applications.
read morequick linkstri-edge white																		paperproduct																		selector guideopen eye msa.
tri-edge pam4 cdr overview.
tri-edge is a cdr platform optimized for pam4 optical interconnect in next-generation 200g and 400g data center module and aoc applications.
quick links.
tri-edge white																		paper.
product																		selector guide.
open eye msa.
blueriverplatform for sdvoe™blueriverplatform for sdvoe™blueriver av-over-ip chipsets are the world’s only chipsets to transport uncompressed, zero-latency ultra hd/4k hdr over standard ethernet and are the foundation for software defined video over ethernet (sdvoe) technology.
read																	moreblueriver																		overviewblueriver																		applicationsblueriver																		vertical marketssdvoe																		alliance®.
blueriverplatform for sdvoe™.
blueriver av-over-ip chipsets are the world’s only chipsets to transport uncompressed, zero-latency ultra hd/4k hdr over standard ethernet and are the foundation for software defined video over ethernet (sdvoe) technology.
blueriver																		overview.
blueriver																		applications.
blueriver																		vertical markets.
sdvoe																		alliance®.
circuit protectioncircuit protection overviewsemtech is leading the way in transient voltage suppression (tvs) protection solutions that safeguard electronics systems against damage or latch-up caused by electrostatic discharge (esd), lightning (surge), and other destructive voltage transients.
read																	morecircuit																		protection overviewz-platform.
circuit protection overview.
semtech is leading the way in transient voltage suppression (tvs) protection solutions that safeguard electronics systems against damage or latch-up caused by electrostatic discharge (esd), lightning (surge), and other destructive voltage transients.
circuit																		protection overview.
z-platform.
design resourcesdesign resources overviewdesign resources overviewsemtech places a high importance on delivering superior design support and provides a wealth of tools and resources with the goal of shortening your time to revenue for your new product introductions.
read																	moreparametric																		searchquality																		assurancelora developer																		portallora alliance®sdvoe																		alliance®design support																		requestproduct																		cross reference searchmysemtechiot applications internet of thingsaward-winning lora technology, esd and surge protection, and smart control platforms for internet of things-enabled devices and low power, wide area network (lpwan) infrastructure.
read moresmart agriculturesmart buildingssmart citiessmart emergencysmart environmentsmart healthcaresmart homesmart industrialsmart logisticssmart utilitiesprofessional av applicationsprofessional avaptovision blueriver™ technology uses commercial-off-the-shelf ethernet networks to deliver higher performance, flexibility, and scalability to the pro av industry.
read														moreav over ipbyom video conferencing hdmi extenderhdmi wall plateshybrid av distributionkvm switchesmultiviewerspoint-to-point matrix switchingsdi equipmentsdvoe integrationvideo wallsother									applications other applicationsaward-winning lora technology, esd and surge protection, and smart control platforms for internet of things-enabled devices and low power, wide area network (lpwan) infrastructure.
read moreautomotiveadas & body electronicsnavigation & infotainmentdashboard electronics, usb, chargingremote keyless entrybroadcast videobroadcast equipmentconsumer electronicsmobile deviceswearablestvs, set top boxes, monitorslaptops, tablets, computersappliances & white goodscomputers, printers, scannersindustrialmedical equipmentfactory automationenergy, smart grids, smart meteringsurveillancetest & measurementpower toolsinfrastructuredata centerspassive optical networks / fiber to the homebroadbandnetworking & optical communicationsbroadbandpassive optical networks / fiber to the homeism networkswireless infrastructure, base stationsdata centers.
design resources overviewdesign resources overviewsemtech places a high importance on delivering superior design support and provides a wealth of tools and resources with the goal of shortening your time to revenue for your new product introductions.
read																	moreparametric																		searchquality																		assurancelora developer																		portallora alliance®sdvoe																		alliance®design support																		requestproduct																		cross reference searchmysemtech.
design resources overview.
semtech places a high importance on delivering superior design support and provides a wealth of tools and resources with the goal of shortening your time to revenue for your new product introductions.
parametric																		search.
quality																		assurance.
lora developer																		portal.
lora alliance®.
sdvoe																		alliance®.
design support																		request.
product																		cross reference search.
mysemtech.
iot applications internet of thingsaward-winning lora technology, esd and surge protection, and smart control platforms for internet of things-enabled devices and low power, wide area network (lpwan) infrastructure.
read moresmart agriculturesmart buildingssmart citiessmart emergencysmart environmentsmart healthcaresmart homesmart industrialsmart logisticssmart utilities.
internet of things.
award-winning lora technology, esd and surge protection, and smart control platforms for internet of things-enabled devices and low power, wide area network (lpwan) infrastructure.
smart agriculturesmart buildingssmart citiessmart emergencysmart environmentsmart healthcaresmart homesmart industrialsmart logisticssmart utilities.
smart agriculture.
smart buildings.
smart cities.
smart emergency.
smart environment.
smart healthcare.
smart home.
smart industrial.
smart logistics.
smart utilities.
professional av applicationsprofessional avaptovision blueriver™ technology uses commercial-off-the-shelf ethernet networks to deliver higher performance, flexibility, and scalability to the pro av industry.
read														moreav over ipbyom video conferencing hdmi extenderhdmi wall plateshybrid av distributionkvm switchesmultiviewerspoint-to-point matrix switchingsdi equipmentsdvoe integrationvideo walls.
professional av.
aptovision blueriver™ technology uses commercial-off-the-shelf ethernet networks to deliver higher performance, flexibility, and scalability to the pro av industry.
av over ipbyom video conferencing hdmi extenderhdmi wall plateshybrid av distributionkvm switchesmultiviewerspoint-to-point matrix switchingsdi equipmentsdvoe integrationvideo walls.
av over ip.
byom video conferencing.
hdmi extender.
hdmi wall plates.
hybrid av distribution.
kvm switches.
multiviewers.
point-to-point matrix switching.
sdi equipment.
sdvoe integration.
video walls.
other									applications other applicationsaward-winning lora technology, esd and surge protection, and smart control platforms for internet of things-enabled devices and low power, wide area network (lpwan) infrastructure.
read moreautomotiveadas & body electronicsnavigation & infotainmentdashboard electronics, usb, chargingremote keyless entrybroadcast videobroadcast equipmentconsumer electronicsmobile deviceswearablestvs, set top boxes, monitorslaptops, tablets, computersappliances & white goodscomputers, printers, scannersindustrialmedical equipmentfactory automationenergy, smart grids, smart meteringsurveillancetest & measurementpower toolsinfrastructuredata centerspassive optical networks / fiber to the homebroadbandnetworking & optical communicationsbroadbandpassive optical networks / fiber to the homeism networkswireless infrastructure, base stationsdata centers.
other applications.
award-winning lora technology, esd and surge protection, and smart control platforms for internet of things-enabled devices and low power, wide area network (lpwan) infrastructure.
automotiveadas & body electronicsnavigation & infotainmentdashboard electronics, usb, chargingremote keyless entry.
adas & body electronics.
navigation & infotainment.
dashboard electronics, usb, charging.
remote keyless entry.
broadcast videobroadcast equipment.
broadcast equipment.
consumer electronicsmobile deviceswearablestvs, set top boxes, monitorslaptops, tablets, computersappliances & white goodscomputers, printers, scanners.
mobile devices.
wearables.
tvs, set top boxes, monitors.
laptops, tablets, computers.
appliances & white goods.
computers, printers, scanners.
industrialmedical equipmentfactory automationenergy, smart grids, smart meteringsurveillancetest & measurementpower tools.
medical equipment.
factory automation.
energy, smart grids, smart metering.
surveillance.
test & measurement.
power tools.
infrastructuredata centerspassive optical networks / fiber to the homebroadband.
data centers.
passive optical networks / fiber to the home.
broadband.
networking & optical communicationsbroadbandpassive optical networks / fiber to the homeism networkswireless infrastructure, base stationsdata centers.
broadband.
passive optical networks / fiber to the home.
ism networks.
wireless infrastructure, base stations.
data centers.
qualityquality overviewethical standards drive peak customer satisfaction.
read morequality overviewreliabilityproduct testingmaterial & packaging declarationsquality & failure analysissearch pb(lead)-free/rohs-greenenvironmental initiativesquality policyquality certificationsir reflow profiles.
quality overviewethical standards drive peak customer satisfaction.
read morequality overviewreliabilityproduct testingmaterial & packaging declarationsquality & failure analysissearch pb(lead)-free/rohs-greenenvironmental initiativesquality policyquality certificationsir reflow profiles.
quality overview.
ethical standards drive peak customer satisfaction.
quality overview.
reliability.
product testing.
material & packaging declarations.
quality & failure analysis.
search pb(lead)-free/rohs-green.
environmental initiatives.
quality policy.
quality certifications.
ir reflow profiles.
aboutcompany overviewsince our founding in 1960 as a manufacturer of high reliability products, semtech has grown to become a multinational technology innovator, enabling solutions that help to make the world a better place.
read														moreleadershipcorporate citizenship (esg)core valuesnews & mediaeventscareerslocationssecuritycontact.
company overviewsince our founding in 1960 as a manufacturer of high reliability products, semtech has grown to become a multinational technology innovator, enabling solutions that help to make the world a better place.
read														moreleadershipcorporate citizenship (esg)core valuesnews & mediaeventscareerslocationssecuritycontact.
company overview.
since our founding in 1960 as a manufacturer of high reliability products, semtech has grown to become a multinational technology innovator, enabling solutions that help to make the world a better place.
leadership.
corporate citizenship (esg).
core values.
news & media.
events.
careers.
locations.
security.
contact.
contact us.
home.
legal.
website privacy policy.
your right to privacy is important to semtech corporation and its affiliates (collectively referred to as “semtech,” “us” or “we”).
this policy explains how we intend to handle information relating to an identified or identifiable individual (the “personal information”) we obtain from you or others including through or in connection with our products and services or any website, application, or program we operate, including the semtech, lorawan academy, lora developer portal and lora cloud services portal websites (collectively, the “services”).
this policy also describes your data protection rights under applicable privacy laws.
collection of personal information.
types of personal information that we may collect include.
information that you provide when using the services, including name, address, email address, log-in information, company, title, payment and billing information, and any other information that you may provide.
information that you provide at meetings, trade shows, or other business occasions, or via instant messaging or social media applications when communicating with our employee or representative, including name, address, email address, phone number, profile information such as social media account information and profile image, employer, title, and any other information that you may provide.
information that you provide when applying for a job, including name, address, email address, phone number, employment history, educational background and other information that you may provide.
we may use a third-party platform for such application.
information automatically collected through tracking technologies when you use the services, including usage and technical information to create a more personalized online experience.
if you choose not to provide personal information when requested, you may not be able to access a particular service, where the service requires such disclosure.
when you visit our websites, we and third parties may collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services for the purpose of targeted advertising.
we may also collect certain electronic information that cannot be associated with you personally, such as the domains you visited immediately prior to visiting our websites, the number of visitors to our websites, browsing patterns and areas of interest on our websites.
we may collect this information in order to help us improve the services including our websites, and better serve our customers, job applicants, and others.
because such information is not personal information, it is not subject to the remaining provisions of this policy.
use of personal information.
we process your personal information for the following lawful reasons.
to fulfill a contract, or to take steps in connection with fulfilling a contract, including when you apply for or are offered a job.
to comply with the law, including in response to requests by government or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation.
to conduct our business and pursue our legitimate interests, in particular.
to provide services you have requested, and respond to any comments or complaints you may send us.
to help us monitor, personalize, improve and protect the services, both online and offline, as well as to develop new products and services.
to monitor customer accounts to prevent, investigate and/or report fraud, terrorism, misrepresentation, security incidents or crime, in accordance with applicable law.
to investigate any complaints received from you or from others, about the services.
to provide services you have requested, and respond to any comments or complaints you may send us.
to help us monitor, personalize, improve and protect the services, both online and offline, as well as to develop new products and services.
to monitor customer accounts to prevent, investigate and/or report fraud, terrorism, misrepresentation, security incidents or crime, in accordance with applicable law.
to investigate any complaints received from you or from others, about the services.
where you give us consent.
we will send you direct marketing in relation to our relevant products and services, or other products and services provided by us, our affiliates and carefully selected partners.
on other occasions where we ask you for consent, we will use the personal information you provide for the purpose we explain to you at the time we ask for your consent.
we will send you direct marketing in relation to our relevant products and services, or other products and services provided by us, our affiliates and carefully selected partners.
on other occasions where we ask you for consent, we will use the personal information you provide for the purpose we explain to you at the time we ask for your consent.
when we rely on our legitimate interests as a lawful basis for processing your personal information, we ensure that we only do so if we can do so whilst protecting your rights and freedoms.
we may use aggregated information and de-identified information, which is not personal information, without restriction.
use of cookies or similar technology.
a cookie is a text file that a website transfers to your device’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes and is used to enhance the quality of your visit to the website.
our websites use the following types of cookies.
strictly necessary cookies.
these cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around our websites and use their features, such as accessing secure areas.
without these cookies, services like enabling appropriate content based on your type of device cannot be provided.
performance cookies.
these cookies collect information about how visitors use our websites, so that we can analyze traffic and understand how our visitors interact with our websites.
functionality cookies.
these cookies allow our websites to remember choices you make (such as your user name, or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features.
these cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of websites that you can customize.
social media cookies.
these cookies are used when you share information using a social media sharing button or “like” button on our websites or you link your account or engage with our content on or through a social media site such as facebook, twitter or linkedin.
this information may be linked to targeting/advertising activities.
advertising cookies.
our websites may use third party advertising networks to deliver targeted advertising.
they may also have the capability to track your browsing across different sites and apps.
where required, we will ask for your consent before we collect cookies from you.
most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future.
the help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
visitors to our websites who disable cookies will be able to browse certain areas of the websites, but some features may not function.
disclosure of personal information.
under certain circumstances, we may provide your personal information to third parties for the purpose of delivering our goods or services to you and for other purposes related to your use of the services or your interest in securing employment with semtech.
for example, we may provide such personal information to our third-party service providers, authorized sales representatives, authorized distributors, shipping companies, or recruiters.
we will only provide those third parties with the personal information they need to perform the contemplated service.
semtech is the sole custodian of all personal information provided to us, subject to the limitations set forth in this policy.
in the event semtech is acquired by, merged into or otherwise succeeded by another company, semtech reserves the right to transfer the personal information to such other company.
in the event of such a transfer and where permitted by law, we will require the new company or organization that holds your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy.
aside from the circumstances described above, we will not provide any of your personal information to other companies or individuals without your consent, unless required by law or for the other legal purposes described below.
we may disclose your personal information to local and foreign public or governmental authorities in accordance with applicable law to comply with legal, regulatory or administrative reporting requirements, or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law, or as otherwise required by other law.
we may also disclose your personal information where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, to investigate or prevent actual or suspected loss or harm to persons or property, to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain, or as otherwise permitted by law.
third-party sites.
our websites may contain links to other websites operated by third-party companies.
we do not share your personal information with those websites (unless we have asked for your consent to do so) and are not responsible for their privacy practices.
we encourage you to check the applicable privacy policy of the third-party to determine how they will handle any information they collect from you.
security of personal information.
when you provide personal information by using the services, your personal information is protected both online and offline.
we have implemented technical, physical and administrative measures, as well as policies and procedures designed to safeguard your privacy from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction and will continue to update these measures as new technology becomes available.
we will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to deliver the purposes stated in this privacy policy, unless the extended retention is required or allowed by laws.
although we take efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted over the internet or any wireless network.
we will rely on currently available technologies and take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information.
in the case of an unfortunate personal information security incident, we will, in a timely manner and in accordance with laws and regulations, inform you of the basic conditions and possible impacts of the security incident, response measures that are already taken or to be taken by us, suggestions for you regarding self-prevention and risk mitigation, and our remedial measures for you.
we will inform you of such information by email, fax, telephone, push notification, etc.
, and when it is difficult to notify you individually, we will properly and effectively issue a public notice.
at the same time, we will also take the initiative to report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
if you have any concern about the security of your personal information (for example, if you feel that the security of your account has been compromised), please contact us using the details in the “how to contact us” section below.
your rights.
subject to applicable law, you may be entitled to access, correct, update, erase, limit the use or transfer the personal information we hold of you, or withdraw or change the scope of your consent.
whenever reasonably possible and required, we will strive to grant these rights within one (1) month or within a reasonable time.
you may also withdraw your consent to receiving direct marketing communications, or more generally to our collection or processing of your personal information, at any time.
you may also be entitled to ask for explanation and object to important decisions which were made based solely on automated decision-making.
you may in certain circumstances ask us to cancel your customer account or delete your personal information, in which case, to the extent permissible by applicable law, we will take reasonable steps to delete or de-identify your personal information.
please note that we may not be able to continue providing services to you if you entirely withdraw your consent or ask us to delete your personal information entirely, and this may also result in the termination of any agreements with semtech.
to exercise any of your rights, please contact us at or submit a request via .
children’s privacy.
our websites do not sell products or services for purchase by children and we do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children.
if you are under the age of 18 (or a minor in the jurisdiction in which you are accessing our websites), you may only use our websites with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
if you are in the people’s republic of china, our websites or online services are not directed at children under the age of 14.
if you are under the age of 14, please get the consent of your parent or legal guardian before giving us any personal information about yourself.
if you believe we have collected information about a child, please contact us so that we may take appropriate steps to delete such information.
if you are in the eu, our websites are not intended for children under the age of 16.
if you believe we have collected information about a child under the age of 16, please contact us so that we may take appropriate steps to delete such information.
if you are a child under the age of 16, do not use or provide any personal information through our websites.
consent to cross-border transfer of data, including personal information.
to the extent possible, personal information collected and produced by us in the territory of the people’s republic of china will be stored in mainland china.
however, as a global organization, data we collect, including personal information, may be transferred internationally throughout semtech’s worldwide organization to semtech’s headquarters in the united states.
some of these foreign jurisdictions may not provide the same level of privacy protection as your local jurisdiction.
we will share your personal information within the semtech group of companies in order to help us improve the services including our websites, and better serve our customers, job applicants, and others.
in addition, as described in this policy, in accordance with applicable law, we may disclose your personal information to third-party service providers or public or governmental authorities in the u.
s.
or other jurisdictions.
we will take proper measures to protect your personal information at adequate or comparable levels of protection as your local jurisdiction.
by providing personal information through your use of the services or consenting to this privacy policy, you consent to such transfers or disclosures of your personal information.
eu privacy rights.
if you are resident in the eu you are entitled to certain rights under the general data protection regulation (“gdpr”).
the following notice applies only to eu residents who use the services.
our lawful bases for processing your personal information are described above in the “use of personal information” section above.
please note that if you provide personal information through your use of the services, we may transfer your personal information to the united states.
the european commission does not consider that the united states provides adequate protection for personal information.
for such transfers, we take necessary measures to ensure that your personal information receives an adequate level of protection.
when we transfer personal information outside the european economic area, including where we do so to a stakeholder or vendor in a country that is not subject to an adequacy decision by the european commission, we rely upon appropriate safeguards such as standard contractual clauses, or a vendor’s processor binding corporate rules.
however, if you do not wish your personal information to be transferred to the united states, you should not provide personal information through use of the services.
for further information about international data transfers, please contact us using the contact details in the “how to contact us” section below.
if you are resident in the eu.
you have the right to withdraw your consent to processing, where consent is the basis we rely upon to process your personal information.
for personal information we collected, you may withdraw your consent by requesting that we delete your personal information by contacting us using the details below.
you have the right to access the personal information that we hold and how we process it, under certain conditions.
you have the right to demand rectification of inaccurate personal information.
you have the right to object to your personal information being processed under certain conditions.
you have the right to erasure of your personal information under certain conditions.
you have the right to demand that we restrict processing of your personal information, under certain conditions, if you believe we have exceeded the legitimate basis for processing, processing is no longer necessary, or you believe your personal information is inaccurate.
you have the right to data portability of your personal information, subject to certain conditions.
you have the right to complain to a data protection supervisory authority in the country in which you are resident.
to exercise any of the above listed rights (with the exception of the right to complain to a data protection supervisory authority in the country in which you are resident), please contact us using the details in the “how to contact us” section below.
we will process any requests in accordance with applicable law.
california privacy rights.
california consumer privacy act (ccpa).
semtech collects personal information as defined by the ccpa.
for purposes of this section, “california privacy rights”, personal information will include information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
we collect personal information from the following categories of sources.
you, including through your use of the services.
our affiliate companies.
third parties.
we collect the personal information for the reasons set forth in the “use of personal information” section above.
we have collected the following categories of personal information within the last twelve (12) months and disclosed this information to the following third parties.
categories of personal information.
parties with whom each category of personal information may be shared include.
identifiers (e.
g.
, name, address and email address).
personal information categories listed in the california customer records statute (e.
g.
, education and employment history).
commercial information (e.
g.
, purchasing habits).
internet or other similar network activity (e.
g.
, browsing history and search history).
geolocation data.
and.
professional or employment-related information.
our affiliate companies.
third party service providers, such as our customer support provider, identity management platform provider, and payment processor.
and.
law enforcement or other third parties in connection with legal matters.
we do not sell your personal information.
if you are a california resident, you have the right to.
request that semtech disclose.
specific pieces of personal information semtech has collected about you.
categories of personal information semtech has collected about you, disclosed about you for a business purpose, or sold.
categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.
categories of third parties with whom semtech shares or to whom semtech sells personal information.
andthe business or commercial purpose for collecting and selling personal information.
specific pieces of personal information semtech has collected about you.
categories of personal information semtech has collected about you, disclosed about you for a business purpose, or sold.
categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.
categories of third parties with whom semtech shares or to whom semtech sells personal information.
and.
the business or commercial purpose for collecting and selling personal information.
request deletion of personal information.
opt-out of the sale of personal information.
and.
not receive discriminatory treatment by semtech for exercising these rights.
please submit a request to know or a request to delete.
(a) by submitting the online form located at  or (b) by calling the following toll free number.
1-855-343-1663.
in order to submit a request, we will need to verify your identity.
depending on the nature of the request, we may request two or more data points of personal information to verify your identity.
only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
to make a request on your behalf, an authorized agent may contact us by email with proof of your written and signed permission to do so.
note that semtech may also require you to verify your identity and confirm that you gave permission.
please note that following a verifiable request, we will communicate with you or an authorized agent.
any response to your request, including any personal information, may be sent as an encrypted file.
“shine the light” law.
california residents may also have the right to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
to make such a request, please contact us using the details in the “how to contact us” section below.
changes to this privacy policy.
we reserve the right to change or update this privacy policy at any time.
if we make any changes to this privacy policy, we will post the updated policy, provided on an updated homepage link, and may post other places we deem appropriate.
we will only use personal information in accordance with the privacy policy under which it was collected.
how to contact us.
we hope that we can satisfy queries you may have about the way we process your personal information.
please submit any questions, concerns or requests to exercise your applicable rights to us at or  or by writing to semtech corporation, 200 flynn road, camarillo, ca 93012.
lora.
products.
technology.
design resources.
about semtech.
quick links.
parametric search.
mysemtech.
blogs.
careers.
contact us.
semtech is a leading global supplier of high performance analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and advanced algorithms for infrastructure, high-end consumer and industrial equipment.
facebook.
twitter.
youtube.
linkedin.
privacy policy  |  terms & conditions  |  supplier responsibility  |  statement against human trafficking and slavery  |  © 2022 all rights reserved.
home.
loralora overview lora(phy)benefits of loralorawan® standardapplicationsecosystemproductsresources.
lora overview.
lora(phy).
benefits of lora.
lorawan® standard.
applications.
ecosystem.
products.
resources.
productsproducts overviewwireless rfcircuit protectionsignal integrityprofessional avperse™ smart sensingbroadcast videopower managementhigh reliability.
products overview.
wireless rf.
circuit protection.
signal integrity.
professional av.
perse™ smart sensing.
broadcast video.
power management.
high reliability.
technologytechnology overviewlora wireless rf for the iottri-edge™ pam4 cdrblueriver® platform for sdvoe™blueriver overviewblueriver applicationsblueriver vertical marketssdvoe alliance™circuit protectioncircuit protection overviewz-platform.
technology overview.
lora wireless rf for the iot.
tri-edge™ pam4 cdr.
blueriver® platform for sdvoe™blueriver overviewblueriver applicationsblueriver vertical marketssdvoe alliance™.
blueriver overview.
blueriver applications.
blueriver vertical markets.
sdvoe alliance™.
circuit protectioncircuit protection overviewz-platform.
circuit protection overview.
z-platform.
design resourcesdesign resources overviewdesign resourcescross reference searchparametric searchmysemtech.
design resources overview.
design resources.
cross reference search.
parametric search.
mysemtech.
qualityquality overviewreliabilityproduct testingmaterial & packaging declarationsquality & failure analysissearch pb(lead)-free/rohs-greenenvironmental initiativesquality policyquality certificationsir reflow profiles.
quality overview.
reliability.
product testing.
material & packaging declarations.
quality & failure analysis.
search pb(lead)-free/rohs-green.
environmental initiatives.
quality policy.
quality certifications.
ir reflow profiles.
aboutleadershipcorporate citizenship (esg)core valuesnews & mediaeventscareerslocationssecuritycontact.
leadership.
corporate citizenship (esg).
core values.
news & media.
events.
careers.
locations.
security.
contact.
moreparametric searchshopinvestorsblogmysemtech.
parametric search.
shop.
investors.
blog.
mysemtech.
contact.
