产品machine interfacesmotion controllersservo drivesservo motorsintegrated motors编码器.
machine interfaces.
motion controllers.
servo drives.
servo motors.
integrated motors.
编码器.
定制.
课程人机交互伺服电机伺服驱动器编码器运动控制器集成电机.
人机交互.
伺服电机.
伺服驱动器.
编码器.
运动控制器.
集成电机.
加入我们.
关于关于见证.
关于.
见证.
行业纺织半导体印刷显示器和太阳能医疗设备食品和饮料电子装配cnc和机床可再生能源工业机器人.
纺织.
半导体.
印刷.
显示器和太阳能.
医疗设备.
食品和饮料.
电子装配.
cnc和机床.
可再生能源.
工业机器人.
新闻活动新闻.
活动.
新闻.
联系.
经销商查询.
data privacy.
dataprotection information.
website.
.
protecting your personal data is important to us, and we want you to feel secure when you visit our website.
we comply with the provisions of data protection law, particularly the eu general data protection regulation ("gdpr").
in this data protection information we explain to you what information (including personal data) we process when you visit and use  and its subdomains (this "website").
it also contains information about data collection practices regarding your use and access of our other products and services, such as software or online services we provide (collectively, with the website, “services”).
we would like to point out that there may be security gaps when transferring data on the internet (e.
g.
when communicating by email).
it is not possible to fully protect data from access by third parties.
who is responsible for data processing.
the controller in terms of data protection law with regard to the processing of personal data is.
servotronix motion control ltd.
("we")21c yagia kapayim streetp.
o.
b.
3919 petach-tikva 4913020israeltel.
+972-3-9273800email.
.
our representative in the european union is servotronix gmbh.
servotronix gmbhdülkener straße 5d-41334 nettetalgermany.
what data do we process.
you can access our website without directly providing personal data (such as your name, postal address or email address).
nevertheless, we have to collect and save certain information when you access our services.
log files.
when you visit this website, our web server automatically saves the domain name or ip address of the requesting computer (usually your internet access provider) including the date, the time and the duration of your visit, the sub pages/urls you visit and information on the application(s) and end device(s) you use to access our pages.
email newsletter.
on our website, we offer you the option of subscribing to our email newsletter.
the information required for this is specified in the subscription form and usually includes your first and last name, your company, position, country of origin and email address.
mandatory information is indicated accordingly.
making contact.
when you contact us using one of the options provided on our website, we process any personal data included and provided by you in your message in order to process and respond to your request.
request regarding information on the status of repair.
you can log on to our website using a username and password in order to request information on the status of repair.
we use the data provided in this regard exclusively for this purpose.
cookies.
we use cookies to make our offer as user-friendly as possible.
cookies are small text files that are saved in your internet browser.
these files help us recognize the certain preferences our visitors have when surfing the site and design our website accordingly.
most of the cookies we use are called session cookies.
they are automatically deleted when you leave our website.
our cookies do not collect personal data and are not suited to identify you on third-party websites.
you can adjust your browser's settings to notify you when cookies are placed.
in this way, the use of cookies becomes transparent to you.
in your browser settings, you also have the option of refusing to accept cookies in general.
this may, however, result in the fact that you will not be able to use all of the functions of our website.
analysis using google analytics.
on our website, we also use google analytics, an analysis service offered by google llc, 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, u.
s.
a.
and its affiliates as referred in the data protection declaration of google ( in order to continuously improve our website.
google analytics also uses cookies that are stored on your computer and enable the use of this website to be analyzed.
we use an expanded version of google analytics which collects anonymized ip addresses (also called ip masking).
google will use the information collected on our behalf to analyze use of our services, to compile reports on activities on our services and to provide additional services to us relating to the use of this website and our other services.
the ip address transmitted by your browser within the framework of google analytics is not merged with other google data.
you may be able to disable the storage of cookies by changing the relevant settings of your browser software.
please note, however, that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of the services to the full extent.
you may also be able to prevent the data generated by the cookie regarding your use of the services (including your ip address) from being recorded and sent to google, and the processing of this data by google, by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available through the following link.
an opt-out cookie is then installed that will prevent your data from being collected when you visit this website.
for further information on data protection at google analytics, please visit.
and .
google recaptcha.
we use "google recaptcha" ("recaptcha") on our website.
the provider is google (as defined above).
recaptcha is used to check whether the data that is entered on our website (e.
g.
in our contact form) is entered by a human being or an automated program.
for this purpose recaptcha analyzes the visitor's behavior based on various characteristics.
this analysis is started automatically as soon as the visitor accesses this website.
for the analysis, recaptcha evaluates various pieces of information (e.
g.
the ip address, the duration of the visit on this website or the user's movement of the mouse).
the data collected during the analysis is forwarded to google.
the entire recaptcha analysis is carried out in the background.
visitors of this website are not notified that an analysis is being conducted.
more information on google recaptcha and google's data protection notice can be found under the following links.
and .
plug-ins and tools.
youtube.
our website uses plug-ins provided by the google operated site.
youtube.
the sites are operated by youtube, llc, 901 cherry ave.
, san bruno, ca 94066, u.
s.
a.
when you visit one of our pages equipped with a youtube plug-in, a connection to the youtube servers is established.
this tells the youtube server which pages of our website you have visited.
when you are logged into your youtube account, you allow youtube to directly link your browsing habits to your personal profile.
you can prevent this by logging off from your youtube account.
for more information on how user data are handled, please check youtube's data protection notice at.
.
google web fonts.
in order to ensure a uniform display of fonts, this site uses web fonts provided by google llc, 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, u.
s.
a.
and its affiliates as referred in the data protection declaration of google ( when a page is accessed, your browser downloads the necessary web fonts to your browser cache in order to correctly display texts and fonts.
for this purpose, web fonts are stored on our servers.
no data transfer to google is taking place.
if your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font on your computer will be used.
more information on google web fonts can be found at.
and in google's data protection notice.
.
google maps.
this website uses the map service google maps via an api.
google maps is provided by google llc, 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, u.
s.
a.
and its affiliates as referred in the data protection declaration of google ( it is necessary to save your ip address to use the google maps functions.
this information is usually transferred to and stored on a google server in the u.
s.
a.
the provider of this website has no influence on this data transmission.
more information on how user data are handled can be found in google's data protection notice.
.
hotjar.
we use hotjar, a service provided by hotjar ltd.
level 2, st julians business centre, 3, elia zammit street, st julians stj 1000, malta, to better understand our users' needs and to optimize the offers on this website.
based on hotjar's technology, we gain a better understanding of our users' experiences (e.
g.
how much time users spend on what pages, what links they click on, what they like and what they do not like, etc.
) and that helps us to adapt our offer based on our users' feedback.
hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect information on our users' behavior and on their end devices (especially the device's ip address (is collected and stored only in an anonymized form), screen size, type of device (unique device identifiers), information on the browser used, the location (country only), and the language in which our website is preferably displayed).
hotjar saves this information in a pseudonymized user profile.
the information is not used either by hotjar or by us to identify individual users, nor is it merged with other data relating to individual users.
more information can be found in hotjar's data protection notice at.
.
you can object to hotjar saving a user profile and information regarding your visit on our website and to hojar placing tracking cookies on other websites by clicking on this opt-out link.
.
zoho.
our website uses zoho's online form to allow users to contact us via our contact form.
zoho is a customer relationship management software that we use to process and manage requests.
for this purpose, the data provided by you in the contact form is processed.
this service is provided by zoho corporation pvt.
ltd.
, estancia it park, plot nos 140 & 151, gst road, vallancherry village, chengalpattu taluk, kanchipuram district 603 202, india.
for more information on the processing of personal data by zoho, please visit the website.
links to other websites.
our website includes links to other offers (including our online presence on facebook, youtube, google+, linkedin and instagram).
these links are not "social plug-ins" (that is buttons via which the operator providing the relevant offer can already collect information relating to the users of our website when our website is accessed).
please note, however, that when accessing the other offer, information (possibly also including personal data) regarding your visit can be collected by the operator providing the other offer.
more information is given in the data protection notice of the operator providing the relevant offer.
for what purposes and based on what legal basis do we process your data.
the personal data possibly contained in the log files are processed in order to allow you to use our website.
this processing is based on section15 (1) german telemedia act (tmg) and article 6(1f) of the gdpr for the purpose of our legitimate interest in operating our website.
the data collected by cookies (including web analysis services, plug-ins and tools) and the pseudonymized user profiles are processed for the purposes of advertising, market research and the user-friendly design of our website on the basis of section 15 (3) german telemedia act and article 6(1f) of the gdpr for the purpose of our legitimate interest in analyzing the use and designing our website in a user-friendly manner.
the processing of data within the framework of google recaptcha is based on article 6(1f) of the gdpr for the purpose of our legitimate interest in protecting our online offers from abusive automated data espionage and from spam.
the data provided in the context of subscribing to the newsletter are processed based on article 6(1a) of the gdpr (consent).
the data processing carried out in the context of our responding to a request is based on article 6(1f) of the gdpr for the purpose of our legitimate interest in establishing and maintaining business contacts.
to the extent your request relates to the conclusion of a contract or to precontractual measures, we process your personal data based on article 6(1b) of the gdpr.
we may process the personal data processed in connection with your use of our website also to comply with legal obligations to which we are subject.
this is based on article 6(1c) of the gdpr.
if necessary, we process personal data for purposes other than those mentioned above also for the purposes of our legitimate interests or the interests of third parties.
this is based on article 6(1f) of the gdpr.
our legitimate interests include asserting legal claims and defending our interests in the event of legal disputes, preventing and investigating criminal offences, and managing and developing our business activities including risk management.
am i obligated to provide data.
the information required to subscribe to the newsletter is marked as mandatory information in the relevant section of this website (e.
g.
in the relevant online form).
we need at least your name and information on how to contact you (e.
g.
postal address or email address) in order to respond to a request sent to us.
without providing the mandatory or required information, we cannot process your query.
if we request that you provide additional personal data, we will inform you in the context of collecting your information whether the provision of this information is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to conclude a contract.
in this regard, we usually mark the information that may be provided voluntarily and the provision of which is not based on the aforementioned obligations or not necessary for the conclusion of a contract.
who is the recipient of my data.
your personal data is generally processed within our company.
depending on the type of personal data, only certain departments/organizational units have access to your personal data.
a role and authorization concept restricts access within our company to such functions and to such extent that is required for the respective purpose of the processing.
to the extent permitted by statute, we may also transmit your personal data to third parties outside our company.
these external recipients may include, in particular.
companies that are a member of our company group, provided that they are involved in the processing of requests or orders.
to the extent permitted by statute, we may also transmit your personal data to third parties outside our company.
these external recipients may include, in particular.
companies that are a member of our company group, provided that they are involved in the processing of requests or orders.
service providers engaged by us who on the basis of a separate contract provide services to us that may also include the processing of personal data, and any subcontractors instructed by our service providers with our permission.
shipping companies for the processing of your order.
credit institutions for the processing of payments.
non-public and public bodies, to the extent we are obligated to transmit your personal data on the basis of statutory obligations.
is automated decision-making used.
in the context of operating our website, we generally do not use automated decision-making (including profiling) in terms of article 22 of the gdpr.
should we use such procedures in individual circumstances, we will inform you of this separately to the extent provided by law.
is data transmitted to countries outside of the eu/the eea.
within the framework of our web analysis services, plug-ins and tools, and in the context of using our website and contacting us, information may be transmitted to recipients in "third countries", particularly in israel and the u.
s.
a.
"third countries "are countries outside the european union or the european economic area with regard to which it cannot be readily assumed that the level of data protection is comparable to that of the european union.
to the extent the transmitted information also includes personal data and we are not obligated to transmit the data based on a statutory obligation, we will ensure prior to transmission that the required adequate level of data protection is met in the relevant third country or by the recipient in the third-country.
in particular, this may take the form of an "adequacy decision" of the european commission which ensures that an adequate level of data protection has been ascertained overall for a certain third country.
such an adequacy decision does exist in regard to israel.
alternatively, we can also transfer data in particular on the basis of "eu standard contractual clauses" agreed with a recipient or for recipients in the u.
s.
a.
or on the basis of compliance with the principles of the "eu-us privacy shield" if and where necessary under the applicable data protection laws.
we are happy to provide you with additional information regarding the suitable and appropriate guaranties for observance of an appropriate data protection level, if you so request.
for the relevant contact data please refer to the beginning of this data protection information.
for information on the participants in the eu-us privacy shield please visit.
for information on eu standard contractual clauses please visit.
and for information on adequacy decisions please visit.
.
how long will my data be stored.
as a rule, we store your personal data as long as we have a legitimate interest in the storage and as long as this interest outweighs your interest in discontinuing the storage.
we may continue to store the data also without a legitimate interest if we are obligated to do so by law (for example, to fulfil archiving duties).
we will delete your personal data without any action on your part as soon as the data is no longer necessary to fulfil the purpose of the processing or its storage is otherwise legally impermissible.
the personal data that we have to store to fulfil archiving duties will be stored until the relevant archiving duty has expired.
to the extent we store personal data only to fulfil archiving duties, the data is usually blocked resulting in the fact that the data can be accessed only if it is necessary with regard to the purpose of the archiving duty.
what rights do i have.
the following rights apply only.
to data subjects who are in the eu and whose personal data is processed by us as described above, provided that the processing activities are related to the offering of goods or services or provided that the behavior of the data subjects is monitored as far as their behavior takes place within the eu.
to data subjects whose personal data is processed in the context of the activities of servotronix gmbh, regardless of whether the processing takes place in the eu or not.
the right to object pursuant to article 21 of the gdpr.
you have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to the processing of your personal data on the basis of article 6 (1e) or (1f) of the gdpr.
this also applies to profiling based on those provisions.
in the event you object to the processing, we will no longer process your personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
if we process your personal data for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data for such marketing purposes.
this also applies to profiling to the extent that itis related to such direct marketing.
if you object to the processing for direct marketing purposes, your personal data will no longer be processed for such purposes.
further rights.
as a data subject you have the right.
to access your personal data stored, article 15 of the gdpr.
to rectification of incorrect or incomplete data, article 16 of the gdpr.
to erasure of personal data, article 17 of the gdpr.
to restriction of processing, article 18 of the gdpr.
and.
to data portability, article 20 of the gdpr.
you may at any time withdraw your consent to the processing of data granted to us.
a notice by email will suffice for this purpose.
the lawfulness of any data processing carried out before you withdrew your consent remains unaffected by the withdrawal.
in addition, it is possible to continue the data processing despite the revocation of consent if an alternative legal basis (e.
g.
article 6(1b) of the gdpr or article 6(1f) of the gdpr) is shown to exist.
to exercise these rights, you may contact us at any time – e.
g.
by using one of the contact options specified at the beginning of this data protection information.
you moreover have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority responsible for data protection, article 77 of the gdpr.
as a rule, we store your personal data as long as we have a legitimate interest in the storage and as long as this interest outweighs your interest in discontinuing the storage.
we may continue to store the data also without a legitimate interest if we are obligated to do so by law (for example, to fulfil archiving duties).
we will delete your personal data without any action on your part as soon as the data is no longer necessary to fulfil the purpose of the processing or its storage is otherwise legally impermissible.
for data protection information servotronix gmbh and processing of personal data of our business partners please use download the file under this link.
why servotronix.
complete,cost-efficient motion systems.
system solutions.
advanced controlalgorithms formaximum throughput.
performance.
large networkof local subsidiariesand distributors.
global presence.
over three decades of know how.
experience.
customer-tailoredmotion solutions.
customization.
servotronix motion control group.
servotronix motion control ltd.
servotronix motion systems ltd.
distribution in israel.
servotronix motion technology development  ltd.
production & sales in china, far east.
servotronix gmbh.
sales in europe.
servotronix automation solutions ltd.
multi-axis motion control.
servosense ltd.
feedback technology.
we are a member of.
sign up for our.
newsletter.
about servotronix.
about.
testimonials.
news.
events.
industries.
industrial robotics.
printing.
cnc & machine tools.
medical equipment.
renewable energy.
display & solar.
semiconductors.
electronics assembly.
food & beverage.
textile.
products.
motion controllers.
servo drives.
servo motors.
integrated motors.
encoder.
help.
contact us.
rma tracking.
distributor locator.
data privacy.
terms & conditions.
search.
productsmachine interfaces motion controllers servo drives servo motors integrated motors encoder.
machine interfaces.
motion controllers.
servo drives.
servo motors.
integrated motors.
encoder.
customization.
coursemachine interfaces motion controllers servo drives servo motors integrated motors encoder.
machine interfaces.
motion controllers.
servo drives.
servo motors.
integrated motors.
encoder.
aboutabout testimonials join our team.
about.
testimonials.
join our team.
industriestextile semiconductors printing display & solar medical equipment food & beverage electronics assembly cnc & machine tools renewable energy industrial robotics.
textile.
semiconductors.
printing.
display & solar.
medical equipment.
food & beverage.
electronics assembly.
cnc & machine tools.
renewable energy.
industrial robotics.
newsevents news.
events.
news.
contactdistributor locator rma tracking data privacy.
distributor locator.
rma tracking.
data privacy.
jobs.
english.
