solutions3-in-1 platformoverviewtransportation management systemvisibilityintegrated network  managed transportation solutionsoverviewcapacity as a service (3pl)strategic supply chain management (4pl)  get the recipe for successfrom visibility to capacity, get the ingredients for a successful produce season.
learn more.
3-in-1 platformoverviewtransportation management systemvisibilityintegrated network  managed transportation solutionsoverviewcapacity as a service (3pl)strategic supply chain management (4pl)  get the recipe for successfrom visibility to capacity, get the ingredients for a successful produce season.
learn more.
3-in-1 platformoverviewtransportation management systemvisibilityintegrated network.
3-in-1 platformoverviewtransportation management systemvisibilityintegrated network.
overview.
transportation management system.
visibility.
integrated network.
managed transportation solutionsoverviewcapacity as a service (3pl)strategic supply chain management (4pl).
managed transportation solutionsoverviewcapacity as a service (3pl)strategic supply chain management (4pl).
overview.
capacity as a service (3pl).
strategic supply chain management (4pl).
get the recipe for successfrom visibility to capacity, get the ingredients for a successful produce season.
learn more.
get the recipe for successfrom visibility to capacity, get the ingredients for a successful produce season.
learn more.
get the recipe for success.
from visibility to capacity, get the ingredients for a successful produce season.
resourceswhite paperswebinarsvideoscase studiesblog shipwell recognized in the 2022 gartner tms magic quadrantlearn about our ability to execute and completeness of vision.
read report.
white paperswebinarsvideoscase studiesblog shipwell recognized in the 2022 gartner tms magic quadrantlearn about our ability to execute and completeness of vision.
read report.
white paperswebinarsvideoscase studiesblog.
white papers.
webinars.
videos.
case studies.
blog.
shipwell recognized in the 2022 gartner tms magic quadrantlearn about our ability to execute and completeness of vision.
read report.
shipwell recognized in the 2022 gartner tms magic quadrantlearn about our ability to execute and completeness of vision.
read report.
shipwell recognized in the 2022 gartner tms magic quadrant.
learn about our ability to execute and completeness of vision.
aboutcompanypresscareers.
company.
press.
careers.
contactcontact ustalk to a platform experttalk to a managed transportation solutions expertshipper supportcarrier support.
contact us.
talk to a platform expert.
talk to a managed transportation solutions expert.
shipper support.
carrier support.
sign in.
search.
request a demo.
privacy policy.
last revised.
february 5, 2020.
welcome to shipwell’s privacy policy.
shipwell provides a platform for shippers, 3pls, and carriers to connect and coordinate on the shipment of goods.
the privacy policy explains how shipwell may collect, use, store, disclose, process and secure your personal information through your access to or use of the “service“, defined as the shipwell web platform, the mobile apps, and other offerings.
the terms “shipwell“, “we“, and “us” include shipwell, inc.
and our affiliates and subsidiaries.
this privacy policy is incorporated by reference into the shipwell terms and conditions.
any capitalized terms used and not defined in this privacy policy shall have the meaning given to them in the terms of use.
by using these services, you signify your acceptance of this privacy policy.
if you do not agree to this privacy policy, please do not use the services.
shipwell may change this privacy policy from time to time by posting changes at this url and may send notification emails.
your continued use of the services following the posting of such changes will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
“personal information” can be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you.
“personal information” means information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you, such as.
name, address, email address, or phone number.
except where required by law, we do not consider personal information to include information an individual makes public through the service or information about a device.
information we collect we collect all information that you provide including information you provide via the services, your devices (e.
g.
, computers, smartphones, tablets, and electronic logging devices), name, company address, email address, telephone number, ip address, and geo-location, as well as information we receive from third parties and through the use of cookies, server logs, and other such technologies.
if you are a carrier, you may also be asked to provide dot#, mc#, cdl#, and insurance-related information.
more about information we collect.
we collect all information that you provide including information you provide via the services, your devices (e.
g.
, computers, smartphones, tablets, and electronic logging devices), name, company address, email address, telephone number, ip address, and geo-location, as well as information we receive from third parties and through the use of cookies, server logs, and other such technologies.
if you are a carrier, you may also be asked to provide dot#, mc#, cdl#, and insurance-related information.
more about information we collect.
cookies and third-party trackingwhen you visit our service or open our emails, we and our third-party partners, such as advertising networks, social media widgets, and analytics providers, may collect certain information by automated means, such as cookies, web beacons and web server logs.
more about cookies and third-party tracking.
how we use information we collect we process your personal information only with your consent or as needed to provide you with services or to communicate with you.
we may also use your personal information to comply with legal obligations, operate our business, protect the vital interests of you, our customers, or the public, or for other legitimate interests of shipwell as further described below.
more about how we use information we collect.
we process your personal information only with your consent or as needed to provide you with services or to communicate with you.
we may also use your personal information to comply with legal obligations, operate our business, protect the vital interests of you, our customers, or the public, or for other legitimate interests of shipwell as further described below.
more about how we use information we collect.
how we share information we collectwe share your information with our partners, service providers, third-party vendors, and other users as they need it to fulfill services or orders, or for other requests, you make of shipwell.
we may also share your information to comply with the law or for other legitimate interests.
more about how we share information we collect.
how we secure your informationshipwell takes technological and organizational measures to protect your personal information against loss, theft, and unauthorized access, use, disclosure or modification.
shipwell’s databases are located in the united states and you consent to the transfer of your personal information from your location to the united states.
the services are not for use by children under the age of 13 years old.
you may have additional rights under applicable law.
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us via the information below.
more about how we secure your information.
international transfer of information shipwell may store your information in any country where shipwell or its affiliates, partners, or providers operate facilities and will retain your information as long as necessary for the purposes outlined in this privacy policy.
more about international transfer of information.
shipwell may store your information in any country where shipwell or its affiliates, partners, or providers operate facilities and will retain your information as long as necessary for the purposes outlined in this privacy policy.
more about international transfer of information.
how to control your personal information you can access, get copies of, delete, change or correct your personal information, or request changes to our use of your personal information by using the contact information below.
more about how to control your personal information.
you can access, get copies of, delete, change or correct your personal information, or request changes to our use of your personal information by using the contact information below.
more about how to control your personal information.
information we collect.
we collect information when.
you register to use the service.
you use the service.
we receive it from third parties.
and.
you communicate with us.
we also collect information, such as de-identified usage statistics, by using cookies, server logs, and other similar technology as you use the service.
registration and account information.
you must register to use the service.
to register, you may need to provide personal information that can identify or relates to you, such as your name, company address, email address, and telephone number.
if you are a carrier, you may also be asked to provide dot#, mc#, cdl#, and insurance-related information.
you may also provide other optional information.
you have the choice of what information to share and the services you want to engage in.
you can choose not to provide information to us, but in general, some information about you is required in order for you to access certain functionality of the services, such as those mentioned above or for tracking your preferences or initiating other such actions.
using the service.
we collect the information you provide through the service.
for example, when you interact with other users by posting reviews or other comments and by using the chat functionality to contact shipwell, the service will collect the information you provide in such submissions, including any personal information.
making payments.
when you make payments through the service, you may need to provide financial account information, such as your credit card number or bank routing information, to our third-party service providers.
we do not collect or store such information, though we may receive information about completed transactions that does not include credit card or bank account numbers.
communicate with us.
we may collect personal information through your communications with our customer support team or through other communications with us, including through social media.
from other sources.
we may receive information, including personal information, about carriers from third parties.
for example, we may use third-party services to obtain information about an individual carrier’s shipping history and licensing and insurance status.
we may combine this information with other personal information we received through the service.
if we do so, this privacy policy governs any of this combined information that is personal information.
location information from mobile devices.
we may collect and store geolocation information from the devices using our apps.
for example, we may collect and store geolocation information when carriers are searching for shipping jobs or transporting shipments initiated through the service, so we can suggest shipping jobs to carriers, provide shipment status updates to shippers, and otherwise provide and improve the provision of the service.
we may also receive geo-location information any time the apps are running and store it anonymously to help us improve the service and perform data analysis.
any user may at any time prohibit the service from collecting location information by turning this feature off on the mobile device, but the service likely will not permit the user to perform any shipment jobs if the service does not have access to geolocation information.
when your mobile device settings permit our collection of geolocation information, you expressly consent to our use of location-based services, and you expressly waive and release us from any and all liability, claims, causes of action or damages arising from your use of the service, or in any way relating to the use of the geo-location and other location-based services.
information and content from your device.
the service automatically collects information about your devices, such as a device id, ip address and browser type, so that we can provide and customize functionality, such as push notifications.
with your permission, the service may access and collect information from your device’s contact list and photo storage.
cookies and third-party tracking.
automatic data collection.
cookies and related technologies.
when you visit our service or open our emails, we and our third-party partners, such as advertising networks, social media widgets, and analytics providers, may collect certain information by automated means, such as cookies, web beacons and web server logs.
by using the service, you consent to the placement of cookies, beacons, and other similar technology in your browser and on emails in accordance with this privacy policy.
the information collected in this manner includes, without limitation, ip address, browser characteristics, device ids and characteristics, operating system version, language preferences, referring urls, and information about the usage of our service.
we may use this information, for example, to determine how many users have visited certain pages or opened messages or newsletters, or to prevent fraud.
we may link this data to your profile.
our partners also may collect information about your online activities over time, on other devices, and on other websites or apps, if those websites and apps also use the same partners.
when they provide such services, they are governed by their own privacy policies.
all 3rd-party tracking partners listed below are gdpr compliant.
by using the service, you are authorizing us to gather, process, analyze, and retain data related to the provision of the service.
we will retain your information as long as necessary for the purposes outlined in this privacy policy and for a commercially reasonable time thereafter for backup, archival, fraud prevention or detection or audit purposes, or as otherwise required by law.
the services are not designed to recognize or respond to “do not track” signals received from browsers.
you can control the information collected by such tracking technologies or be alerted when cookies are sent by adjusting the settings on your internet browser or devices.
you can learn more about google analytics and your options for opting out of interest-based google ads at  you can learn more about targeted ads and your ability to opt-out of receiving interest-based ads at optout.
aboutads.
info and .
how we use information we collect.
we process your personal information with your consent or as needed to provide you with services.
we may also use your personal information to comply with legal obligations, operate our business, protect the vital interests of you, our customers, or the public, or for other legitimate interests of client as described in this privacy policy.
more specifically, we may use your personal information to.
facilitate and improve our services.
communicate with you.
and.
as set forth in more detail below.
we may use de-identified information for any purpose, including for marketing purposes.
internal and service-related usage.
we use information, including personal information, for internal and service-related purposes.
we may use and retain any data we collect to provide and improve any of our services.
communications.
we may call you at the telephone number and send email to the email address you provide to us and send push notifications to your mobile device if they are enabled, to verify your account and for informational and operational purposes, such as managing shipments, account management, customer service, system maintenance, and other service-related purposes.
marketing.
we may use information, including personal information, to provide online advertising on the service and to send you information we think may be useful or relevant to you.
you may opt-out of email marketing by using the unsubscribe link in a marketing email.
aggregate data.
we may de-identify or aggregate data collected through the service and use and disclose it for any business purpose, including to perform shipping optimization analysis.
how we share information we collect.
we may share information.
with our partners, third-party vendors, contractors/agents, and service providers.
with authorized employees.
with other users.
to comply with legal obligations.
to protect and defend our rights and property.
and.
with your permission.
please note that our partners may contact you as necessary to obtain additional information about you, facilitate any use of the services, fulfill orders, or respond to a request you submit.
third-party vendors who provide products, services or functions on our behalf may include business analytics companies, customer service vendors, communications service vendors, marketing vendors, delivery, parcel, and transportation vendors, and security vendors.
we may also authorize third-party vendors to collect information on our behalf, including as necessary to operate features of the services, facilitate the delivery of orders, or provide online advertising tailored to your interests.
third-party vendors have access to and may collect personal information only as needed to perform their functions, may only use personal information consistent with this privacy policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures, and are not permitted to share or use the information for any other purpose.
we also may share your information.
in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal processes.
to establish or exercise our legal rights.
to defend against legal claims.
or as otherwise required by law.
in such cases, we reserve the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.
when we believe it is appropriate to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities.
to protect and defend the rights, interests, or safety of our company or the services, our customers, or others.
or in connection with our terms of service and other agreements.
in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
other than as set out above, we will attempt to notify you when your personal information will be shared with third parties.
personal information you post in public areas.
when you post a message in a shipwell forum, chat room, review, or customer feedback, the information you post may be accessible to other users of the services and the public.
if you post personal information anywhere on the services that is accessible to other users or the public, you are advised that such personal information can be read, collected, used, or disseminated by others and could be used to send you unsolicited information or for other purposes.
accordingly, you assume full responsibility for posting such information and agree that we are not responsible in any way for the personal information you choose to post in these public areas.
aggregated information.
we may publish, share, distribute, or disclose personal information that has been aggregated with information from other users or otherwise de-identified in a manner that does not allow such data about you to be separated from the aggregate data and identified as originating from you, to third parties, including shipwell partners, sponsors, and advertisers.
such information may help us identify and analyze training, demographic, and psychographic trends and information, and report to third parties how many people saw, visited, or clicked on certain content, areas of the services, ads, or other materials.
we may also use such data for research purposes.
we do not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes unless we have your permission.
we use vendors and service providers.
we may share any information we receive with vendors and service providers we use to help us provide and improve the service.
for example, we will provide personal information to payment processors as part of financial transactions and to service providers that provide web and database hosting services.
we use the google maps service, and you acknowledge and agree to the google privacy policy located at  we also use the plaid payments service, and you acknowledge and agree to the plaid privacy policy located at  you also agree to grant plaid the right, power, and authority to (acting on behalf of such end-user) access and transmit the end user data (as such term is defined in the plaid privacy policy) as reasonably necessary for plaid to provide the service to such end-user.
we also work with third parties, such as fmcsa, insurance companies, and transportation authorities, to obtain information about carriers, such as their shipping history, licensing, and insurance status.
displaying to other users.
the information and content you provide to the service may be displayed on the service to other users.
for example, the information will be shared between shippers and carriers to complete transactions.
in addition, employees of one shipper or carrier may see information about their colleagues.
we are not responsible for how other users will view and use the posted information.
marketing.
we do not rent, sell, or share personal information about you that we collect on the service with other people or unaffiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes unless we have your permission.
we may allow access to data collected by the service to enable the delivery of online advertising on the service, or to send you information we think may be useful or relevant to you.
legal and similar disclosures.
we may access, preserve, and disclose collected information if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to.
comply with law enforcement requests and legal processes, such as a court order or subpoena.
respond to your requests.
comply with the law.
or protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety.
merger, sale, or other asset transfers.
if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of shipwell assets, or transition of service to another provider, your information may be disclosed in connection with the negotiation of such transaction, and/or sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract.
we cannot control how such entities may use or disclose such information.
with your permission.
we may also disclose your personal information with your permission.
how we secure information we collect.
we take steps in an effort to treat your information securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
unfortunately, the internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us.
we do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
we take technological and organizational measures to protect your personal information against loss, theft, and unauthorized access, use, disclosure or modification.
for example.
we transmit data over secured communication channels using ssl login credentials,.
all personal information is stored by trusted third-party providers (e.
g.
, salesforce, hubspot, and aws),.
all systems used to provide the services are password-protected, and.
all services usage is restricted on a per-user basis on the principle of least privilege.
we rely on our third-party vendors’ security programs to protect personal information while stored in their respective controlled facilities.
not all of our third-party vendors see the same information.
third-party vendors include, but are not limited to the following.
for more information on aws’ security practices and processes, please see this page.
for more information on hubspot’s security practices and processes, please see this page.
for more information on salesforce’s practices and processes, please see this page.
for more information on pardot’s practices and processes, please see this page.
for more information on triumphpay’s practices and processes, please see this page.
for more information on quickbooks’ practices and processes, please see this page.
for more information on netsuite’s practices and processes, please see this page.
for more information on mongodb’s practices and processes, please see this page.
for more information on looker’s practices and processes, please see this page.
for more information on snowflake’s practices and processes, please see this page.
we comply with applicable data protection laws, including applicable security breach notification requirements.
by using the service or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the service.
if we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the service or sending an email to you.
children’s privacy.
we do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under 13 years of age, and no part of the service is directed to children under the age of 13.
if you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may alert us at if we learn that we have collected any personal information from children under 13, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
international transfer of information.
our databases are currently located in the united states.
we make no claim that its services are appropriate or lawful for use or access outside the united states.
if you access the services from outside the united states, you are consenting to the transfer of your personal information from your location to the united states.
you are solely responsible for complying with all local laws, rules, and regulations regarding online conduct and access to the services.
by sending us your information, you further consent to its storage within the united states.
how to control your personal information.
you can request that we update, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us through your use of the service or otherwise.
your california privacy rights.
california civil code section 1798.
83 permits our customers who are california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
to make such a request, please e-mail us, call us or write to us at the addresses below.
how to contact us.
you can call us at 1-866-467-8688 ext 833, use the web form located at  e-mail us at or write to us at shipwell, inc.
, attn.
privacy dept.
, 515 congress avenue, suite 2650austin, tx 78701.
depending on where you are located, you may also have a right to complain to your local data protection regulator.
changes to our privacy policy and practices.
we may revise this privacy policy, so review it periodically.
posting of revised privacy policy.
we will post any adjustments to the privacy policy on this web page, and the revised version will be effective when it is posted.
new uses of personal information.
from time to time, we may desire to use personal information for uses not previously disclosed in our privacy policy.
if our practices change regarding previously collected personal information in a way that would be materially less restrictive than stated in the version of this privacy policy in effect at the time we collected the information, we will make reasonable efforts to provide notice and obtain consent to any such uses as may be required by law.
click to download a copy of this privacy policy.
contact information.
shipwell, inc.
515 congress avenue, suite 2650austin, tx 787011-866-467-8688 ext .
effective date.
february 5, 2020.
technology platform support.
capacity as a service (3pl) support.
strategic supply chain management (4pl) support.
join our carrier network.
shipper release notes.
api documentation.
privacy policy.
terms + conditions.
data security.
