facebook.
twitter.
login.
productsidentxdistributors.
identx.
distributors.
for bio pharmaresearch servicesstrategic partnerships.
research services.
strategic partnerships.
applicationsimmune cell-mediated killingimmune checkpoint modulationextravasationcell invasionvasculogensisangiogenesisspheroid dispersionblood-brain barrier model.
immune cell-mediated killing.
immune checkpoint modulation.
extravasation.
cell invasion.
vasculogensis.
angiogenesis.
spheroid dispersion.
blood-brain barrier model.
technology.
learnfaqsvideostips and trickslaboratory automationpublicationsapplication notesgeneral protocolsapplication-specific protocolssubmit protocol.
faqs.
videos.
tips and tricks.
laboratory automation.
publications.
application notes.
general protocols.
application-specific protocols.
submit protocol.
companyleadershipvoicesnewscareerscontact.
leadership.
voices.
news.
careers.
contact.
privacy policy.
privacy policy.
last updated.
april 5, 2021.
aim biotech pte.
ltd.
(“aim biotech”, “we” or “our”) provides its proprietary cell culture platform and world-class lab services (collectively, our “services”) which we promote through our website located at  (“site”).
aim biotech respects your rights and concerns regarding your privacy.
this privacy notice describes how we collect, use and share the information we collect about you when you interact with our site and what your rights and choices are.
by using our site, you understand and agree that we will process your information as described below.
what information we collect and how we collect it.
information you provide directly.
contacting us.
when you contact us through our site, request more information through one of our “let’s get started.
” forms, or send us an email, we will collect your name, email address, company name, phone number, and any other information you choose to provide us in the content of your message.
registered users.
in order to access some of our services, you will need to create an account.
to create an account, you will need to provide personal data including your name, email address, company name, mailing address, phone number, and a password.
ordering services.
when you order services, we will collect your full name and email address in order to fulfill your order.
payment information.
when you pay for our services, we use a pci/dss-compliant payment processing service to which aim biotech subscribes to process your credit card transactions.
aim biotech does not, itself, process or store the card information.
you must be 18 or older to authorize a purchase through our site.
information provided through third parties.
we may collect information about you from public sources, such as social media sites like linkedin.
in some cases, we may also collect information about you from trusted partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our services.
information automatically collected through your use of our site.
when you interact with our site, we may automatically collect non-personally identifiable information about you, including your ip address, device type, device id, internet service provider, general location information, page views, a date/time stamp, browser type, referring/exit urls, search terms used on our site, operating system, and similar device and usage information.
for more information, see the “cookies and tracking technologies” section below.
cookies and tracking technologies.
cookies.
a cookie is a small piece of data that your internet browser places on your device so that it can be recognized when it returns in the future.
we use cookies and similar technologies to secure our site, remember your preferences, and personalize content for your future visits.
most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually refuse cookies, or selectively accept certain cookies, by adjusting the preferences in your browser.
if you turn off or refuse cookies, there may be some features of our site that will not be available to you, and some portions of our site may not display properly or be less personalized.
you will not be able to opt-out of any cookies or other technologies that are “strictly necessary” for our site to function.
do-not-track signals.
your browser may allow you to set a “do not track” preference.
we currently do not respond to “do not track” or similar signals.
how we use your information.
in general, we only use your personal information where applicable law allows us to as described below.
to facilitate the provision of our site and services in response to your request, including fulfilling your orders and providing you with access, updates and technical troubleshooting to our site and services.
when we automatically collect information through your use of the site, including through cookies to help us understand and analyze trends in connection with usage of the site.
to detect and prevent issues relating to security and fraudulent activity.
to customize content we may send or display on the site to personalize your experience and assess, improve and develop our site and services, business, and professional offerings, and for similar research and analytics purposes.
to communicate with you about aim biotech and its services (unless you have indicated to us that you do not wish to receive such information).
please see section 10 regarding your choices and right to opt out of aim biotech’s marketing messages.
to meet our other compliance and regulatory duties, for example to retain certain records.
we do not disclose your contact information to third-parties for their own marketing purposes.
where permitted by applicable law, we may also use anonymous, de-identified, or aggregate information that does not reasonably identify you for any purpose.
no sale of personal data for california and nevada residents.
aim biotech does not sell your personal data under california or nevada law, which defines certain disclosures of personal data for monetary or valuable consideration as “sales.
”.
how we share your information.
in general, we only share your information as follows.
with third-parties who provide services to us or to whom we outsource certain services, such as website analytics companies, hosting and cloud computing service providers, and payment processors.
our service providers only access, process or store your information in the course of performing their duties to us.
in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, sale of certain of our ownership interests, assets, or both, or other corporate change, including without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process.
when we are required to do so by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, bankruptcy proceedings, or similar legal process, or in response to lawful requests by public authorities.
if we would like to share your personal information for any purposes other than those described, or as otherwise permitted under applicable law, we will obtain your prior consent.
children’s information.
our site is designed for adults aged 18 and over.
we do not knowingly process personal information of anyone under 16, and should we become aware that any personal information is stored regarding a child under 16, we will follow our internal processes to delete this data in accordance with our internal policies as soon as is reasonably possible.
if you believe we have collected the personal information of a child under 16, please contact us.
hyperlinks on our site.
our site may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by others whose information practices may be different than ours.
you should consult the privacy notices of any other website you are redirected to from our site as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third-parties.
information security.
we maintain industry standard administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
with that said, no method of data transmission online is completely secure and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
if you are a registered user, you are responsible for adopting a strong password and keeping it confidential.
you agree not to share your account login credentials with others and understand and agree that you are responsible for anything that happens through your account unless you close it or report its misuse to us.
how long we keep your personal information.
in general, we will only retain your information for the time necessary to realize our legitimate business purposes and to comply with the law.
we may retain your information in order to prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with our site or to comply with legal obligations.
we may also maintain residual copies of your personal information in our backup systems.
storage and processing of personal information in singapore and the u.
s.
aim biotech is based in, and operates from, the singapore.
if you are located outside of the singapore, please note that as part of our service, we may transfer your personal information to other regions, including to singapore and the united states.
these countries may not guarantee the same level of protection for personal information and judicial redress as the country in which you reside.
by submitting your personal information to us through the site, you consent to the transfer of your personal information to any country and its use and disclosure in accordance with applicable laws and with this privacy notice.
your choices and rights.
you have several choices regarding the use and disclosure of your information.
information you provide.
with respect to the collection of your information, if you do not want your information collected, please do not submit it to us.
if you have already submitted information and would like to review, correct or remove it from our records, please contact us.
marketing messages.
we may send you marketing communications, about our services that may interest you.
you can opt-out of our marketing communications at any time by selecting the “unsubscribe” link in the e-mail or contacting us.
please note that some non-marketing communications are not subject to general opt-out, such as communications relating to services we are providing you, sales transactions, software updates and other support-related information, patches and fixes.
cookies.
if you wish to disable cookies, you can set your browser not to accept cookies as described in the section entitled “cookies and tracking technologies.
”.
privacy notice updates.
we may periodically update this privacy notice without prior notice to you and will make such updates available through our site.
we note the date we last updated our privacy notice at the top of this document.
we encourage you to review our privacy notice periodically for changes.
if we make material changes, we will endeavor to provide advance notice of such by email or through a notice on our site.
contacting us.
if you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy notice, please contact us at or at.
aim biotech pte.
ltd.
attn.
privacy officer21 biopolis road #01-24 nucleos singapore 138567.
aim biotech pte.
ltd.
tel/fax.
+65 67770246email.
.
address.
21 biopolis road#01-24 nucleossingapore 138567.
applications.
immune cell-mediated killing.
immunotherapy checkpoint modulation.
extravasation.
cell invasion.
vasculogensis.
angiogenesis.
spheroid dispersion.
blood-brain barrier model.
learn.
technology.
faqs.
videos.
tips and tricks.
publications.
application notes.
general protocols.
application-specific protocols.
aim biotech news.
aim biotech launches high-throughput organ-on-a-chip system, the identx 40 plate, to recreate human microphysiology at scale.
aim biotech reviews techniques to improve t cell efficacy using the company’s organ-on-a-chip technology (3d cell culture plate).
aim biotech launches organ-on-a-chip contract research service.
home.
products.
distributors.
for bio pharma.
applications.
publications.
company.
news.
privacy policy.
contact.
facebook.
twitter.
privacy overview.
