main navigation.
coverage.
what is sigfox.
our story our technologycustomerssigfox governancecareers.
our story.
our technology.
customers.
sigfox governance.
careers.
product & services.
use casessupply chain & logisticsmanufacturingsmart citiesutilities & energysmart buildingsretailagriculturehome & lifestyleinsurance.
supply chain & logistics.
manufacturing.
smart cities.
utilities & energy.
smart buildings.
retail.
agriculture.
home & lifestyle.
insurance.
ecosystemsigfox builddevelopers.
sigfox build.
developers.
newsnewsroom.
newsroom.
profile menu.
partners.
galaxy.
see the sigfox galaxysee the sigfox galaxy.
build.
partners.
buy.
support.
breadcrumb.
home.
privacy policy.
privacy policy.
unabiz privacy policy provided by unabiz pte.
, ltd (hereinafter “unabiz”).
in this policy, we inform you about the processing of your personal data when you use our service and the choices you have associated with that data.
by “personal data”, we refer to data that relates to you as an identified or identifiable natural person.
personal data include your name, your address, your ip address, your telephone number, your email address.
anonymous information, which we are not in a position to relate to you, does not qualify as personal data.
when you want to use our services or when you use them we will possibly use your data to provide and improve our services to you.
unless otherwise defined in this privacy policy, the terms used in this privacy policy have the same meanings as in our terms and conditions.
table of contents.
1.
controller’s name and contact details  2.
unabiz’s corporate gdpr statement  3.
scope of services  4.
information unabiz collects  5.
how we use your personal data  6.
your rights  7.
cookies and other technologies we use  8.
we use cookies for the following purposes  9.
how we share your information10.
our legal obligation to disclose personal information11.
how we secure your data.
1.
controller’s name and contact details.
controller in the sense of the general data protection regulation (gdpr) and other data protection or data privacy laws in the member states of the european union and other guidelines with a data protection nature regarding this website is.
[philippe chiu at .
2.
unabiz’s corporate gdpr statement.
unabiz currently complies with applicable data protection regulations and is committed to gdpr compliance across its relevant services after the gdpr has taken effect on may 25, 2018.
we have reviewed where and how our relevant services collect, use, store, dispose of and otherwise process personal data and have updated policies, standards, governance and documentation where needed.
we are dedicated to keeping such due diligence current and carrying out re-assessments periodically and/or as required by changed circumstances.
3.
scope of services.
we provide a website,  (hereinafter “our website”), to keep our clients, potential clients or partners informed about our services, products and news, and to enhance your customer experience.
4.
information unabiz collects.
we collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our service to you.
personal datawhen you use our website, we collect data through cookies and other data collection technologies (please see points 7 and 8 below).
we also collect any data you provide us through our contact forms.
device datawhen you use our website, we automatically collect information about your device such as browser type and version, time-zone setting, device type and dimensions.
5.
how we use your personal data.
operation.
we use the information that we collect to operate and maintain our site and data services such as providing you the analytic data, respond to your questions and concerns and to help improve service offerings.
the legal basis for such processing can either be found in art.
6 (1) b) gdpr if you have a contract with us and the processing forms part of such contract.
otherwise it can be found in art.
6 (1) f) gdpr because it is in our legitimate interest for example to improve the services we offer to you or to maintain our site.
maintain & improve our services.
we use the information to understand and analyze the collected data to improve the service and to develop new products, services, features, and functionalities.
this processing is in our legitimate business interest and therefore based on art.
6 (1) f) gdpr.
communicate with you.
we may provide the services and information that you request, to respond to comments and questions and to provide support to users of the service.
we do not send any promotional emails.
however, we may also send you service-related emails to your registered account.
this processing is based on art.
6 (1) b) gdpr.
on the website you can select to receive the information, without your permission we will not have further action in communication registered account.
data retention periodswhen you use our website, your ip address will be automatically collected by cookies.
this data retention will last two years at most.
however, you may refer to article 7 to delete cookies or stop the tracking by google analytics at any time.
we will store your data in our database when leaving messages to us via website’s contact forms service.
we do not have automatically data expire service.
however, you can always request unabiz to do the data deletion.
6.
your rights.
we respect your privacy rights and provide you with access to the personal data that you may have provided through your use of the services.
if you wish to access (art.
15 gdpr) or amend (art.
16 gdpr) any other personal data we hold about you or to request that we delete any information about you and your account (art.
17 gdpr) or restrict its processing (art.
18 gdpr), you may remove it by yourself as long as you acquire this authorization in advance, or you may contact philippe chiu at directly.
at your request, we will have any reference to you deleted or blocked in our database.
you may also update or correct your account information and preferences at any time by accessing your user profile page on the service or have us do so by contacting us.
you may opt out of receiving marketing materials from us.
for example, you can find an unsubscribe link at the end of any newsletter you receive from unabiz.
you also have the right to data portability (art.
20 gdpr) as well as the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.
as long as our processing of your personal data is based on our legitimate interests as described in section 5 you also have the right to object at any time on grounds relating to your particular situation (art.
21 gdpr) by contacting philippe chiu at .
7.
cookies and other technologies we use.
we use cookies and/or similar technologies to analyse customer behavior, administer the website, track users’ movements, and to collect information about users.
this is done to personalize and enhance your experience with us.
you can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the use of all or some cookies.
choosing to disable cookies may hinder your use of certain functions.
instructions to delete cookies.
google chrome | mozilla firefox | opera | safari | internet explorer | edge.
for more information about cookies on our website, please read our cookie policy.
8.
how we share your information.
unabiz will not rent or sell your personal data to others.
we may store personal information in our database.
on our website, we share your data with.
8.
1 our processing partners.
– hubspot, a marketing automation and crm platform that we use to deliver our newsletters and organise our sales funnel.
read their privacy policy here.
– cloudflare, a content delivery network (cdn) that we use to provide a fast website experience.
8.
2 connected third parties.
if you use any third-party software in connection with our products or services, for example any third-party software that our platform integrates with, you might give the third-party software provider access to your account and information.
policies and procedures of third-party software providers are not controlled by us, and this policy does not cover how your information is collected or used by third-party software providers.
we encourage you to review the privacy policies of third-party software providers before you use the third-party software.
facebook share buttonthis widget may collect your ip address, your web browser user agent, store and retrieve cookies on your browser, embed additional tracking, and monitor your interaction with the widget, including correlating your facebook account with whatever action you take within the widget (such as “liking/sharing/recommending” our webpage), if you are logged in to facebook.
for more information about how this data may be used, please read facebook’s data privacy policy.
twitter share buttonour website makes requests to twitter’s servers for you to be able to tweet our webpages using your twitter account.
these requests make your ip address visible to twitter, who may use it in accordance with their data privacy policy.
linkedin share buttonit allows you to share our webpages on linkedin.
these requests may track your ip address in accordance with their data privacy policy.
google analyticssee point 7.
vimeo embedded videospages and articles on this site may include embedded videos from vimeo.
embedded behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
these websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
for more information, please consult vimeo’s privacy policy.
8.
3 we only work with processing partners who are able to ensure adequate level of protection to your personal data.
we disclose your personal data to third parties or public officials when we are legally obliged to do so.
we might disclose your personal data to third parties if you have consented to it or if there are other legal grounds for it.
it may include but not limited to.
advisers, auditors, contractors, financial institutions, and service providers in connection with our operations or services.
our overseas offices, affiliates, business partners and counterparts (if any).
9.
our legal obligation to disclose personal information.
unabiz will reveal a user’s personal information without his/her prior permission only when we need to do so in order to comply with legal obligations to which we are subject.
10.
how we secure your data.
10.
1 any information stored on unabiz’s database or platform is treated as confidential.
all information is stored securely and is accessed by authorized personnel only.
we use data hosting service providers based in singapore.
we transfer, process, and store your information outside your country of residence where we or our service providers operate for the purpose of providing our products and services to you.
unabiz implements and maintains appropriate technical, security and organizational measures to protect personal data against unauthorized or unlawful processing and use, and against accidental loss, destruction, damage, theft or disclosure.
we currently have several approaches to protect users’ data.
https preserve the site we are using.
therefore, all data is encrypted via ssl/tls when transmitted from our servers to your browser.
10.
2 the security of your information is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
in the case of a personal data breach, we will without undue delay and, where feasible, not later than 72 hours after having become aware of it, notify the personal data breach to the supervisory authority competent, unless the personal data breach is unlikely to result in a risk to the rights and freedoms of user.
a typical plan would be.
– identify what data may have been affected (modified/deleted/copied)– determine a plan of actions to either undo the data alteration (ex.
restore backup) and/or prevent the further breach.
(ex.
change password)– communicate with customers whose data are affected by the incident, with the potential call to action (eg.
change password).
– log the incident (when and what) and actions are taken to fix it.
– set a follow-up date to determine if the incident is solved or needs further actions.
on top of that, our cloud infrastructure protects the data 24/7.
we will not give anyone direct access to the data including governments and we promise to keep improving the security and encryption for our service.
all unabiz employees must complete data privacy and security training.
we will supplement existing training modules with gdpr-specific content.
in addition to these training requirements, unabiz conducts ongoing awareness initiatives on a variety of topics, including data protection, security, and privacy.
10.
3 information regarding third parties.
hubspot processes the data in europe and is certified tothe eu-u.
s.
and swiss-u.
s.
privacy shield frameworks.
hubspot privacy policy.
facebook processes the data in and outside of the united states and is certified to the eu-u.
s.
privacy shield framework and the swiss-u.
s.
privacy shield framework.
facebook privacy policy.
linkedin uses standard contractual clauses (also known as eu model clauses) for the transfer of personal data out of the eu.
in addition, linkedin corporation is certified to the eu-u.
s.
and swiss-u.
s.
privacy shield.
linkedin privacy policy.
twitter processes the data in and outside of the united states and ireland.
it is certified to the eu-u.
s.
privacy shield framework and the swiss-u.
s.
privacy shield framework.
twitter privacy policy.
google analytics process the data in the united states and is certified to the eu-u.
s.
privacy shield framework and the swiss-u.
s.
privacy shield framework.
google privacy policy.
cloudflare processes the data in the united states and is certified to the eu-u.
s.
privacy shield framework and the swiss-u.
s.
privacy shield framework.
cloudflare privacy policy.
we welcome any feedback if you have any questions regarding our privacy policy or the use of your information.
you can contact us at.
unabiz data service.
or you may contact our sales people directly.
we will help you further with your concern.
we reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time and for any reason.
we will alert you about any changes by updating the “last updated” date of this privacy policy.
last updated.
2022/06/16.
contact us.
main menu.
coverage.
what is sigfox.
product & services.
use cases.
ecosystem.
news.
profile menu.
partners.
footer menu.
contact.
legal.
modify my cookie consent.
privacy policy.
terms and conditions.
