companyabout usfaq.
about us.
faq.
solutionshealthcare email listphysicians email listdentist email listhospital email listnurses email listpharmacist email listprofessionals email listattorney email listhr email listcmo email listcpa email listsmall business owners email listtechnology users email listquickbooks users listsalesforce users email listsap users email listadp customers listas 400 users email listindustry email listconstruction industry email listfood & beverage industry email listmanufacturing industry email listoil and gas industry email listretail industry email listinternational email listusa business email listuk business email listnew zealand business email listmalaysia business email listb2b email marketing list.
healthcare email listphysicians email listdentist email listhospital email listnurses email listpharmacist email list.
physicians email list.
dentist email list.
hospital email list.
nurses email list.
pharmacist email list.
professionals email listattorney email listhr email listcmo email listcpa email listsmall business owners email list.
attorney email list.
hr email list.
cmo email list.
cpa email list.
small business owners email list.
technology users email listquickbooks users listsalesforce users email listsap users email listadp customers listas 400 users email list.
quickbooks users list.
salesforce users email list.
sap users email list.
adp customers list.
as 400 users email list.
industry email listconstruction industry email listfood & beverage industry email listmanufacturing industry email listoil and gas industry email listretail industry email list.
construction industry email list.
food & beverage industry email list.
manufacturing industry email list.
oil and gas industry email list.
retail industry email list.
international email listusa business email listuk business email listnew zealand business email listmalaysia business email list.
usa business email list.
uk business email list.
new zealand business email list.
malaysia business email list.
b2b email marketing list.
servicesdata appending servicesb2b email appending servicesdata cleansing servicesdata licensing servicesphone appending services.
data appending services.
b2b email appending services.
data cleansing services.
data licensing services.
phone appending services.
blog.
contact us.
privacy policy.
data aggregationsln solutions llc collects information with elements for business and consumers alike.
all information is acquired from reliable sources and quality control measures are taken to ensure the accuracy of the database.
where do we collect prospect data.
our entire database is sourced from reliable sources that are listed below.
web-based registrations and offers.
government records.
transactional data.
newsletter subscription offers.
business tradeshow attendee lists.
public record information.
business trade magazine subscription offers.
sign-up data from email campaigns.
b2b directories.
annual reports, sec filings.
phone surveys with every business.
registration process for subscription sites.
community postings.
sln solutions llc gathers information by prioritizing its quality.
we do not collect or engage genetic email address entered by individuals.
sln solutions llc collects personal information (name and email address) through contact forms on our site because it helps us contact individuals likely to become our paying customer.
we may also acquire information from our affiliates and co-branded sites.
sharing of information and disclosuresln solutions llc does not share any collected personal information with third party affiliates or its partners.
we value the privacy of information filled by users, and no information shall be used in any manner than disclosed in this privacy policy.
sln solutions llc may roll out promotional offers to help its clients discover value.
hence, any personal information of the subscriber shall only be disclosed to the third party where.
(i) sln solutions llc is confident about the benefits that favor its customers.
(ii) the recipients acknowledge receiving communications.
(iii) law enforcers and judicial authority urge to furnish information.
should you wish to stop receiving any marketing communications from sln solutions llc, unsubscribe by following the link provided at the footer of our promotional emails.
we shall remove unsubscribed users from the mailing database to cease future marketing communications from reaching their mailbox.
privacy and securitysln solutions llc carries its positive reputation for taking utmost care in managing personal information collected from the site visitors and customers.
we may share your contact information with our affiliates if only some offerings are relevant to your interest.
your personal information helps us serve better and improve the user experience on our site.
we also use the information to identify legitimate users.
it is part of our efforts to ensure safe utilization of our resources.
we identify the site visitors by tracking information such as domain name, ip address, and other information that distinctively identifies one user from another.
we also collect the information obtained through surveys, fill outs, and tracking pages visited by users.
the purpose of tapping such information is to provide seamless delivery of customized promotions such as email alerts, e-newsletters, promotional emails, and product information.
sln solutions llc may also use the information to build our internal database of interest-based users.
the policy of data usagethe personal information that we collect is primarily used for our b2b transactions.
however, we may also use the same for notifying updates and validating sales transactions we do not share your information with third party marketers who may have an interest in communicating with you.
if you no longer wish to receive marketing communication from sln solutions llc, follow the link to unsubscribe provided at the footer of every email.
sln solutions llc will remove your information from our mailing database preventing any future communications from reaching your mailbox.
when you access an external link from our site, your information may be collected by third party sites to identify you personally.
sln solutions llc is not liable to mediate any disputes or cover for damages that users endure by visiting an external site.
sln solutions llc requests its users to refrain from divulging any personal information on our site.
information such as account details and passwords are sensitive data that are vulnerable to misuse and loss.
despite the exhaustive measures taken by our security experts to safeguard your data, you will be solely held responsible for any data acquired from us.
how sln solutions llc protects user information.
our in-house security experts deploy advanced digital tactics to secure every database.
some of the latest strategies are used to prevent mismanagement and unauthorized access to sensitive data.
sln solutions llc does not furnish personal information to its affiliates and partners without prior consent from individuals.
since sln solutions llc is a technologically driven brand, we take stringent measures to protect the data integrity.
our updated data security mechanism checks the pulse of every database and personal information to prevent unauthorized access and misuse.
sln solutions llc is readily compliant to policies that dictate the ethical use of personal data.
however, in the wake of technological evolution, it is impossible to assure a 100% safety of any digital data.
hence, sln solutions llc does not guarantee a 100% safety of any client information.
by using our services, you acknowledge the passive risks of sharing digital data.
what information do we collect.
personal informationpersonal information such as email, name, and address offered to us through fill outs and forms by users interested in our services.
should you choose not to submit a complete information, you may not enjoy full benefits offered by us.
tracking informationsln solutions llc may collect your ip address to identify the users personally.
it is part of our effort to encourage effective interaction with legitimate users alone.
cookiessln solutions llc uses cookies to track the fundamental interactions made by users on our site.
it helps us to improve the user experience.
you reserve the right to accept or decline our cookies.
note.
any third party links leading away from our website may use cookies to collect track the visitors, and the use of such is not covered under this policy.
protection of informationthe user behavior information such as cookies, click through, opened acknowledgments, and email conversations collected from users will not be shared with any third party in any manner than otherwise indicated in this privacy policy.
sln solutions llc collaborates with the third-party source for closure of the sales transaction.
we take extraordinary measures to prevent retaining or storing the transaction details and are a subject matter of solicitation.
marketing emailsit is felonious to use sln solutions llc resources for illicit reasons, and we advise users to remain compliant with respective laws (state, federal, or international) while using our service features.
sln solutions llc presents this privacy policy to promulgate the ethical use of digital data and to brief users how we handle the information submitted to us.
your information and feedback help us enhance the quality of service and the security of digital data.
when you are using the features of our services, you are agreeing to the terms of this policy and acknowledge the data handling ethics.
marketing contentat sln solutions llc, we take particular care to ensure that subscribers receive relevant content fully compliant with the laws.
our content algorithm is capable of service the right content based on the personal information submitted by individuals.
unsubscribeevery email that we send has a unsubscribe link prominently displayed in the footer of emails.
if you choose not be contacted, click the link and you will be automatically removed from all our future email campaigns, newsletters, and promotions.
we are bound to respect the interest of our valuable clients and will commit to abide by rules of the industry.
note.
when recipients unsubscribe from our marketing campaigns he or she may stop receiving any future communications.
however, some residual information may remain in our database, which could be due to data being deleted multiple times.
modification of personal informationif you wish to update the personal information submitted to us, reach us at solutions llc.
com or call +1 919 651 4626.
we shall get back to you in 24 hours.
emendation of privacy policysln solutions llc may modify this privacy policy without pre-intimation.
to stay updated on recent revisions on data usage, please refer this policy periodically.
alternatively, you may receive email communication from us when changes are amended to this policy.
nevertheless, by using our site or services you acknowledge to the terms of this privacy policy unconditionally.
disclaimerusers may visit any external links within our website at their own risk.
sln solutions llc is not liable for any information submitted by visitors on third party links.
queries and concernsif you have doubts regarding the use of our services, reach us now.
email.
+1 919 651 4626address.
rtp meridian 2530 meridian parkway, suite 300, durham, 27713.
sln solutions is a leading b2b marketing service company – specialized in delivering quality databases at affordable prices.
we help companies across all verticals to connect with their targeted customers.
address.
rtp meridian 2530 meridian parkway suite 300, durham, 27713email.
+1 919 651 4626.
information.
privacy policyfaqgdpr compliancesitemap.
services.
technology healthcareindustryinternational.
