careers.
contact.
privacy.
smartfab s.
r.
l.
policy of .
privacy policy.
effective date.
july 17, 2018.
smartfab s.
r.
l (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the  and the smartfab mobile application (the “service”).
this page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, anddisclosure of personal data when you use our service and the choices youhave associated with that data.
this privacy policy for smartfab s.
r.
lis powered byfreeprivacypolicy.
com.
we use your data to provide and improve the service.
by using theservice, you agree to the collection and use of information inaccordance with this policy.
unless otherwise defined in this privacypolicy, terms used in this privacy policy have the same meanings as inour terms and conditions.
information collection and use.
we collect several different types of information for various purposesto provide and improve our service to you.
types of data collected.
personal data.
while using our service, we may ask you to provide us with certainpersonally identifiable information that can be used to contact oridentify you (“personal data”).
personally identifiable information mayinclude, but is not limited to.
email address.
first name and last name.
cookies and usage data.
usage data.
we may also collect information that your browser sends whenever youvisit our service or when you access the service by or through a mobiledevice (“usage data”).
this usage data may include information such as your computer’s internetprotocol address (e.
g.
ip address), browser type, browser version, thepages of our service that you visit, the time and date of your visit,the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and otherdiagnostic data.
when you access the service by or through a mobile device, this usagedata may include information such as the type of mobile device you use,your mobile device unique id, the ip address of your mobile device, yourmobile operating system, the type of mobile internet browser you use,unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
tracking & cookies data.
we use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activityon our service and hold certain information.
cookies are files with small amount of data which may include ananonymous unique identifier.
cookies are sent to your browser from awebsite and stored on your device.
tracking technologies also used arebeacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and toimprove and analyze our service.
you can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate whena cookie is being sent.
however, if you do not accept cookies, you maynot be able to use some portions of our service.
examples of cookies we use.
session cookies.
we use session cookies to operate our service.
preference cookies.
we use preference cookies to remember yourpreferences and various settings.
security cookies.
we use security cookies for security purposes.
use of data.
smartfab s.
r.
l uses the collected data for various purposes.
to provide and maintain the service.
to notify you about changes to our service.
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our servicewhen you choose to do so.
to provide customer care and support.
to provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improvethe service.
to monitor the usage of the service.
to detect, prevent and address technical issues.
transfer of data.
your information, including personal data, may be transferred to — andmaintained on — computers located outside of your state, province,country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protectionlaws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
if you are located outside italy and choose to provide information tous, please note that we transfer the data, including personal data, toitaly and process it there.
your consent to this privacy policy followed by your submission of suchinformation represents your agreement to that transfer.
smartfab s.
r.
l will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure thatyour data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policyand no transfer of your personal data will take place to an organizationor a country unless there are adequate controls in place including thesecurity of your data and other personal information.
disclosure of data.
legal requirements.
smartfab s.
r.
l may disclose your personal data in the good faith beliefthat such action is necessary to.
to comply with a legal obligation.
to protect and defend the rights or property of smartfab s.
r.
l.
to prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with theservice.
to protect the personal safety of users of the service or the public.
to protect against legal liability.
security of data.
the security of your data is important to us, but remember that nomethod of transmission over the internet, or method of electronicstorage is 100% secure.
while we strive to use commercially acceptablemeans to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolutesecurity.
service providers.
we may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate ourservice (“service providers”), to provide the service on our behalf, toperform service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how ourservice is used.
these third parties have access to your personal data only to performthese tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use itfor any other purpose.
analytics.
we may use third-party service providers to monitor and analyze the useof our service.
google analyticsgoogle analytics is a web analytics service offered by google thattracks and reports website traffic.
google uses the data collectedto track and monitor the use of our service.
this data is sharedwith other google services.
google may use the collected data tocontextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertisingnetwork.
for more information on the privacy practices of google, pleasevisit the google privacy & terms web page.
google analytics.
google analytics is a web analytics service offered by google thattracks and reports website traffic.
google uses the data collectedto track and monitor the use of our service.
this data is sharedwith other google services.
google may use the collected data tocontextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertisingnetwork.
for more information on the privacy practices of google, pleasevisit the google privacy & terms web page.
links to other sites.
our service may contain links to other sites that are not operated byus.
if you click on a third party link, you will be directed to thatthird party’s site.
we strongly advise you to review the privacy policyof every site you visit.
we have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
children’s privacy.
our service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“children”).
we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information fromanyone under the age of 18.
if you are a parent or guardian and you areaware that your children has provided us with personal data, pleasecontact us.
if we become aware that we have collected personal data fromchildren without verification of parental consent, we take steps toremove that information from our servers.
changes to this privacy policy.
we may update our privacy policy from time to time.
we will notify youof any changes by posting the new privacy policy on this page.
we will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our service,prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date”at the top of this privacy policy.
you are advised to review this privacy policy periodically for anychanges.
changes to this privacy policy are effective when they areposted on this page.
contact us.
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us.
by email.
.
privacy.
terms.
© 2018-2020 smartfab srl | corso giacomo matteotti, 10 - 20121 milano | pec | c.
f.
e p.
iva 10468390967 | rea mi -        2533704 | capitale sociale €10.
000 i.
v.
