home.
for brandscreated with sketch.
for brandsonboarding experiencepricing.
for brands.
onboarding experience.
pricing.
for retailerscreated with sketch.
for retailersback of store systeminsights & reporting.
for retailers.
back of store system.
insights & reporting.
about uscreated with sketch.
about uspartnershipscareersblogpress.
about us.
partnerships.
careers.
blog.
press.
privacy policy.
who we are.
waste repurposing international, inc.
dba smarter sorting is an austin based technology company located at 4901 e.
cesar chavez st.
in austin, tx.
our website address is.
.
what personal data we collect and why we collect it.
usage data.
when you visit our site we store the name of your internet service provider, the website from which you visited us from, the parts of our site you visit, the date and duration of your visit, and information from the device (device type, operating system, screen resolution, language, country you are located in, and web browser type) you used during your visit.
we only capture and store a truncated version of your ip address.
it is captured and stored in an anonymized format by suppressing the last octet so your full ip address never reaches our servers and we never have access to it.
we process this usage data to facilitate your access to our services (e.
g.
to adjust our services to the device you are using), and to recognize and stop any misuse.
we also process usage data in an anonymized form for statistical purposes and to improve our site.
comments.
when visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and the visitor’s ip address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
an anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the gravatar service to see if you are using it.
the gravatar service privacy policy is available here.
after approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
media.
if you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (exif gps) included.
visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
cookies.
if you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies.
these are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment.
these cookies will last for one year.
if you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies.
this cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
when you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices.
login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year.
if you select “remember me”, your login will persist for two weeks.
if you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
if you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser.
this cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post id of the article you just edited.
it expires after 1 day.
embedded content from other websites.
articles on this site may include embedded content (e.
g.
videos, images, articles, etc.
).
embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
these websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
analytics.
we use analytics and tracking software to provide our end users with a better experience and service as well as diagnosing technical problems and analyzing user trends.
you may opt-out from having these providers collect your information when visiting our site at any time by visiting the hojar opt-out page and clicking ‘disable hotjar’ or enabling do not track (dnt) in your browser.
we will never sell your personal data to anyone.
access and disclosure to third parties.
we use a select number of trusted external service providers for certain technical data analysis, processing and/or storage offerings.
these service providers are carefully selected and meet high data protection and security standards.
we only share information with them that is required for the services offered and we contractually bind them to keep any information we share with them as confidential and to process personal data only according to our instructions.
we will only pass your data on to third parties without your express consent if we are obliged to do so by statutory law or an instruction by a public authority or court.
how long we retain your data.
if you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely.
this is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
for users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile.
all users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username).
website administrators can also see and edit that information.
what rights you have over your data.
if you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us.
you can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you.
this does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
we will not (i) collect, retain, use, or disclose your personal data for any purpose other than performing our services, including collecting, retaining, using, or disclosing your personal data for a commercial purpose (“commercial purpose” has the meaning ascribed to it under data protection laws) other than providing the services.
nor (ii) “sell” your personal data (“sell”, “sale”, or equivalent term has the meaning ascribed to it under data protection laws).
further, we will not retain, use, or disclose your personal data outside of the direct business relationship between us.
where we send your data.
visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
ccpa employee and applicant privacy notice.
this privacy notice for california employees (the “notice”) applies solely to all job applicants, employees, owners, directors, officers, and contractors (collectively referred to in this notice as “employees”) who reside in the state of california (“you”).
we adopt this notice to comply with the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (“ccpa”) and any terms defined in the ccpa have the same meaning when used in this notice.
we are committed to protecting the privacy and security of the information we collect and to being transparent about the purposes for which we use your information.
this notice sets forth our policies and practices for handling the information we collect and use in the employment context.
i.
categories of personal information we collect.
when a person applies to join our team or over the course of a person’s employment, we may collect the following categories of personal information.
we collect and use this information only as permitted or required by, and in compliance with, law.
contact information, including name, alias and other names, email address, telephone or mobile phone number, address, social security number, driver’s license number or state id card number, passport number, and other unique personal identifiers associated with you or other beneficiaries such as your spouse or child.
sign-in and device information, including username and password, account name or number, and other online or device identifiers, internet or other electronic network activity information such as browsing and search history and information regarding interactions with websites and applications, our systems, and networks.
educational, professional, and employment-related information, including employment, employment and education history, professional licenses, marital or domestic partner status, date of birth, age, gender, classifications protected under state or federal equal employment opportunity laws (such as race or national origin), medical condition or information, and health insurance information and policy number.
geolocation data, including badge access and telematics data.
biometric information, including imagery of the iris, retina, fingerprint, face, hand, palm, vein patterns, or voice recordings and keystroke patterns or rhythms, gait patterns or rhythms, and other characteristics that can be used to establish identity.
and.
financial information, including bank account, billing address, and information about your income and account balances.
ii.
purposes for which personal information is used.
we process your personal information for the following business purposes.
determining your eligibility for a position with the company, including processing your application, assessing your fit with us or for a specific role, conducting interviews, carrying out background and reference checks in accordance with law, and keeping records related to our hiring process.
managing compensation, benefits, and employment-related expenses, including payroll processing, managing salaries and expenses, managing corporate credit cards and expense reimbursements, as well as administering equity, compensation, bonus, and insurance programs.
managing professional development, performance, and conduct, including responding to complaints of misconduct, managing conflicts of interest, conducting performance appraisals, supporting career development, and managing whistleblower programs.
protecting the company against illegal activity and other misconduct, including by detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity.
undertaking activities to verify and maintain the quality, safety, and performance of our products and services, including product and service testing, research, and development.
complying with our legal obligations, including those related to tax and anti-discrimination laws.
and.
other routine business purposes.
iii.
contact information & updates.
we may update this notice from time to time, in which case the revised notice will be posted to our intranet or provided to you in writing, by email, or mail.
if you have any questions or comments about this notice and the ways in which company collects and uses your information as described above, please do not hesitate to contact us through the legal department.
.
smarter sorting contact information.
smarter sorting4901 e.
cesar chavez st.
austin, tx 78702.
support (us).
512.
593.
2594support (canada).
647.
243.
8394email.
.
retailer solution.
supplier solution.
supplier onboarding.
supplier pricing.
our impact.
blog.
about us.
partners.
careers.
press.
request a demo.
support center.
support (usa).
512-593-2594.
support (canada).
647-243-8394.
general inquiries.
866-271-0623.
platform status.
