portfolio   our work  client testimonials.
our work.
client testimonials.
industries   food & beverages  retail  healthcare  real estate  banking & finance  hospitality  education  logistic & fleet  manufacturing  health & fitness.
food & beverages.
retail.
healthcare.
real estate.
banking & finance.
hospitality.
education.
logistic & fleet.
manufacturing.
health & fitness.
services   enterprise services    enterprise mobility  pwa development  web development   internet of things (iot)    wearables app  ibeacon app  chatbot development   industrial iot (iiot)    ramms   rpa development  artificial intelligence  devops solutions  cloud solutions.
enterprise services    enterprise mobility  pwa development  web development.
enterprise mobility.
pwa development.
web development.
internet of things (iot)    wearables app  ibeacon app  chatbot development.
wearables app.
ibeacon app.
chatbot development.
industrial iot (iiot)    ramms.
ramms.
rpa development.
artificial intelligence.
devops solutions.
cloud solutions.
technologies   mobile    hybrid   flutter  react native  ionic  phonegap  xamarin   native   ios  android    mean stack    angular  reactjs  nodejs  vuejs  laravel.
mobile    hybrid   flutter  react native  ionic  phonegap  xamarin   native   ios  android.
hybrid   flutter  react native  ionic  phonegap  xamarin.
flutter.
react native.
ionic.
phonegap.
xamarin.
native   ios  android.
ios.
android.
mean stack    angular  reactjs  nodejs  vuejs  laravel.
angular.
reactjs.
nodejs.
vuejs.
laravel.
company   our story  engagement model  our team  careers  awards & accreditations.
our story.
engagement model.
our team.
careers.
awards & accreditations.
resources   blog  sa konnect - newsletter  case studies  insight  use cases.
blog.
sa konnect - newsletter.
case studies.
insight.
use cases.
terms of use.
these terms of use govern your access to and use of solution analysts’ web sites (collectively the “site”), any information, text, graphics, or other materials appearing on the site (the “content”), and any services provided through the site (the “services”).
your access to and use of the site, content, and/or services are expressly conditioned on your compliance with these terms of use.
by accessing or using the site, content, or services, you agree to be bound by these terms of use.
modification of terms of use.
you acknowledge and agree that solution analysts may revise these terms of use from time to time.
by continuing to access or use the site, content, or services after solution analysts makes any such revision, you agree to be bound by the revised terms of use.
privacy.
solution analysts’s privacy policy at for information and notices concerning solution analysts’s collection and use of your personal information.
guard your password.
you are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access any secure areas of the site.
you agree not to disclose your password to any third party.
you agree to take sole responsibility for any activities or actions under your password, whether or not you have authorized such activities or actions.
you will immediately notify solution analysts of any unauthorized use of your password.
your use of the content.
solution analysts authorizes you to download, view, and print a single copy of any content, solely for your personal and non-commercial purposes, and subject to the restrictions set forth in these terms of use.
solution analysts property.
all right, title, and interest in and to the site, content, and services are and will remain the exclusive property of solution analysts and its licensors.
the site, content, and services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the india and foreign countries.
except as expressly permitted in these terms of use, you may not reproduce, modify or prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, or otherwise use the site, content, or services.
you may not copy or modify the html code used to generate web pages on the site.
you may not use the site, content, or services on or in connection with any other website, for any purpose.
solution analysts respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects our users to do the same.
unauthorized copying, modification, distribution, public display or public performance of a copyrighted work is an infringement of the copyright holder’s rights.
general prohibitions.
you agree not to do any of the following while using the site, content or services.
post, publish or transmit any text, graphics, or material that.
(i) is false or misleading.
(ii) is defamatory.
(iii) invades another’s privacy.
(iv) is obscene, pornographic, or offensive.
(v) promotes bigotry, racism, hatred or harm against any individual or group.
(vi) infringes another’s rights, including any intellectual property rights.
or (vii) violates, or encourages any conduct that would violate, any applicable law or regulation or would give rise to civil liability.
access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the site, solution analysts’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of solution analysts’s providers.
attempt to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network or breach any security or authentication measures.
attempt to access or search the site, content, or services with any engine, software, tool, agent, device or mechanism other than the software and/or search agents provided by solution analysts or other generally available third party web browsers (such as microsoft internet explorer or netscape navigator).
send unsolicited email, junk mail, “spam”, or chain letters, or promotions or advertisements for products or services.
forge any tcp/ip packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting, or in any way use the site, content or services to send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information.
attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software used to provide the site, content, or services.
interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing the site.
or.
impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity.
solution analysts will have the right to investigate and prosecute violations of any of the above, including intellectual property rights infringement and site security issues, to the fullest extent of the law.
solution analysts may involve and cooperate with law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who violate these terms of use.
you acknowledge that solution analysts has no obligation to monitor your access to or use of the site, content, and services, but has the right to do so for the purpose of operating the site, to ensure your compliance with these terms of use, or to comply with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court, administrative agency or other governmental body.
links.
the site may contain links to third-party websites or resources.
you acknowledge and agree that solution analysts is not responsible or liable for.
(i) the availability or accuracy of such websites or resources.
or (ii) the content, products, or services on or available from such websites or resources.
links to such websites or resources do not imply any endorsement by solution analysts of such websites or resources or the content, products, or services available from such websites or resources.
you acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources.
termination.
if you violate any of these terms of use, your permission to use the site, content, and services will automatically terminate.
solution analysts reserves the right to revoke your access to and use of the site, content, and services at any time, with or without cause.
solution analysts also reserves the right to cease providing or to change the site, content, or services at any time and without notice.
use of the site at your own risk.
your access to and use of the site, content, and services is at your own risk.
solution analysts will have no responsibility for any harm to your computer system, loss of data, or other harm that results from your access to or use of the site, content, or services.
the site is available “as-is”.
the site, content, and services are provided “as is”, without warranty or condition of any kind, either express or implied.
without limiting the foregoing, solution analysts explicitly disclaims any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, quiet enjoyment or non-infringement.
solution analysts makes no warranty that the site, content, or services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis.
solution analysts makes no warranty regarding the quality of any products, services, or information purchased or obtained through the site, content or services, or the accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness, completeness or reliability of any information obtained through the site, content or services.
no advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from solution analysts or through the site, content, or services, will create any warranty not expressly made herein.
indemnity.
you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless solution analysts, its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising out of or in any way connected with your access to or use of the site, content, or services, or your violation of these terms of use.
limitation of liability.
to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, neither solution analysts nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the site, content, or services will be liable for any pvt ltd idental, special, consequential or punitive damages resulting from your access to or use of, or inability to access or use, the site, content, or services, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not solution analysts has been informed of the possibility of such damage, even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
you specifically acknowledge that solution analysts is not liable for the defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of other users or third parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with you.
further, solution analysts will have no liability to you or to any third party for any third-party content uploaded onto or downloaded from the site or through the services.
you agree that the aggregate liability of solution analysts to you for any and all claims arising from the use of the site, content or services is limited to the amounts you have paid to solution analysts for access to and use of the site, content, or services.
the limitations of damages set forth above are fundamental elements of the basis of the bargain between solution analysts and you.
construction.
in the event that any provision of these terms of use is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of these terms of use will remain in full force and effect.
the failure of solution analysts to enforce any right or provision of these terms of use will not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision.
controlling law and jurisdiction.
these terms of use and any action related thereto will be governed by the local laws without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
users of this website are responsible for compliance with all applicable local laws in the location from which they access this website, including, without limitation, all applicable export and import laws and regulations if and to the extent applicable.
entire agreement.
these terms of use are the entire and exclusive agreement between solution analysts and you regarding the site, content, and services, and these terms of use supersede and replace any prior agreements between solution analysts and you regarding the site, content, and services.
if you have any questions about these terms of use, please contact solution analysts at you can also send your request to.
solution analysts, pvt ltd.
408, 203-205 kalasagar mall, satadhar crossroad, ghatlodiya, ahmedabad-380061 gujarat, india.
trademarks.
solution analysts and the solution analysts logo are trademarks of solution analysts, pvt ltd.
all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
copyright.
copyright © 2017 solution analysts, pvt ltd.
408, 203-205 kalasagar mall, satadhar crossroad, ghatlodiya, ahmedabad-380061 gujarat, india.
tell us your big idea.
your name*.
your email*.
phone number*.
skype/google talk id.
organization.
estimated budget*.
enter your message .
.
.
*.
captcha=.
phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
india office.
a-201, the capital, science city rd,opp.
hetarth party plot, sola, ahmedabad, gujarat 380060.
usa office.
31236 meadowview square,delmar,de 19940,usa.
inquiry.
hr inquiry .
+91 (756) 710-1087sales inquiry .
+1 (732) .
careers.
news and events.
terms of use.
blog.
faq’s.
inquiry.
solution analysts pvt ltd.
all right reserved.
upload your resume.
your name*.
phone number*.
your email*.
resume*accepted file types.
doc, docx, pdf.
captcha=.
emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
