servicesbackapp developmentmobile app developmenthybrid appwearable appapp maintenancequality assuranceecommerce developmentecommerce web developmentecommerce app developmentblockchainblockchain developmentdappsmart contractsdefienterprise blockchainwalletsexchangesnftstartup services prototypingmvpstartup incubationservicesbrandingwebsite design & developmentweb designwebsite developmentdata intelligencesalesforce developmentdevops automationgdpr.
app developmentmobile app developmenthybrid appwearable appapp maintenancequality assuranceecommerce developmentecommerce web developmentecommerce app development.
mobile app development.
hybrid app.
wearable app.
app maintenance.
quality assurance.
ecommerce web development.
ecommerce app development.
blockchainblockchain developmentdappsmart contractsdefienterprise blockchainwalletsexchangesnft.
blockchain development.
dapp.
smart contracts.
defi.
enterprise blockchain.
wallets.
exchanges.
nft.
startup services prototypingmvpstartup incubationservicesbrandingwebsite design & developmentweb designwebsite development.
prototyping.
mvp.
startup incubationservices.
branding.
web design.
website development.
data intelligencesalesforce developmentdevops automationgdpr.
technologies backmobile ios appandroid appreact native appflutter appprogressive web appcloud awsazurebitrixweb 3.
0web 3.
0blockchainartificial intelligenceaugmented realityvirtual realitymachine learningfull stack mern stackmean stackrorcms shopifywordpressmagentoprestashopdrupalfrontendreact jsangular jsbackend node jspythonphpjava.
mobile ios appandroid appreact native appflutter appprogressive web appcloud awsazurebitrix.
ios app.
android app.
react native app.
flutter app.
progressive web app.
aws.
azure.
bitrix.
web 3.
0web 3.
0blockchainartificial intelligenceaugmented realityvirtual realitymachine learningfull stack mern stackmean stackror.
web 3.
0.
blockchain.
artificial intelligence.
augmented reality.
virtual reality.
machine learning.
mern stack.
mean stack.
ror.
cms shopifywordpressmagentoprestashopdrupalfrontendreact jsangular js.
shopify.
wordpress.
magento.
prestashop.
drupal.
frontend.
react js.
angular js.
backend node jspythonphpjava.
node js.
python.
php.
java.
offshore ds ® backhire app developeriosandroidapp developerswiftreact nativeflutterpwahire full stack developermernmeanfull stackhire web developershopifywordpressmagentoprestashopdrupalweb developerphppythonhire js developernode jsreact jsangular jsjavascript  developer ar developersvr developersml developerssalesforce developeroffshore developmentoffshore developer serviceteam outsourcingstaff augmentationvirtual ctodeveloper cost optimizationhire ui/ux designerhire web designerinterface designerui/ux designer.
hire app developeriosandroidapp developerswiftreact nativeflutterpwahire full stack developermernmeanfull stack.
ios.
android.
app developer.
swift.
react native.
flutter.
pwa.
mern.
mean.
full stack.
hire web developershopifywordpressmagentoprestashopdrupalweb developerphppython.
shopify.
wordpress.
magento.
prestashop.
drupal.
web developer.
php.
python.
hire js developernode jsreact jsangular jsjavascript  developer ar developersvr developersml developerssalesforce developer.
node js.
react js.
angular js.
javascript  developer.
ar developers.
vr developers.
ml developers.
salesforce developer.
offshore developmentoffshore developer serviceteam outsourcingstaff augmentationvirtual ctodeveloper cost optimizationhire ui/ux designerhire web designerinterface designerui/ux designer.
offshore developer service.
team outsourcing.
staff augmentation.
virtual cto.
developer cost optimization.
hire web designer.
interface designer.
ui/ux designer.
industriesbackfintechedtechhealthtechlogisticsecommercesaasentertainmenttravelwellnesssocial media.
fintechedtechhealthtechlogisticsecommercesaasentertainmenttravelwellnesssocial media.
fintech.
edtech.
healthtech.
logistics.
ecommerce.
saas.
entertainment.
travel.
wellness.
social media.
work backportfoliocase studies.
portfoliocase studies.
who we arebackaboutfounderblogcareertestimonial.
aboutfounderblogcareertestimonial.
about.
founder.
blog.
career.
testimonial.
contact us.
privacy policy.
effective date.
september 14, 2018.
sparx it solutions pvt.
ltd.
("we", "our", or "us") runs the  website (the "service").
we gather and process your data for providing and improving our service.
usage of our service by you is considered your consent to collecting and using your information in accordance with our policy.
until it is specified in our privacy policy, terms mentioned in this policy have similar meanings as in the terms and conditions, available at .
data collection and usage.
we gather different sorts of data/information for diverse purposes to offer and refine our service offerings to you.
types of information gathered.
while you are using our offered service, we may demand you to provide us particular personal data (personally identifiable).
we may use this data to identify or contact you.
data which is referred as personally identifiable may include, but certainly not confined to.
first and last name.
contact number.
email address.
usage and cookies data.
we may gather information that how you access and use the service (“usage data”).
the usage data may be information, including computer’s ip address (i.
e.
internet protocol), our service pages you visit, version of browser, date and time of your visit, total time you spent on certain pages, exclusive device identifier, etc.
we make use of cookies and related tracking technologies to trace the activities on our service as well as hold specific information.
cookies are defined as files having small amount data that may encompass an anonymous and unique identifier.
these (cookies) are sent to your browser via a website and cached on your device.
in tracking technologies, scripts, tags, and beacons are implemented to gather, track, analyze and improve our service.
you can direct your browser to decline the cookies or to specify whenever the cookies are being sent.
moreover, if you do not confirm the cookies, you might be unable to use the specific part of our service.
cookies used by us (some examples).
session cookies-								we make use of session cookies to run our service.
security cookies-								we use these cookies to ensure security.
data usage.
we process or use the gathered data for varied purposes.
to render and maintain the service.
to inform you regarding changes implemented to our service.
to permit you to take part in interactive traits of our service, if you prefer doing so.
to render the best customer care and support.
to conduct analysis of crucial information so that we can refine the service.
to evaluate and control the usage of service.
to identify, prevent and resolve technical issues.
data transfer.
your data, including personal information, may be transmitted to — and managed on — computers placed outside of your residing province, country, state or other government jurisdictions where data protection policies and laws may vary from your own jurisdiction.
if you reside outside of indian territory and consent to share information with us, please mind that we transfer the information.
including personal identifiable data to india for processing it there.
your agreement to our privacy policy pertaining to submission of the information from your end reflects your consent to its transfer.
we step ahead rationally to make sure that your submitted data is handled securely as per this policy.
we do not transfer your personal information to any country or an organization unless they have proper security controls to ensure the security of your personal information and related data.
data disclosure.
we may unfold your personal data maintaining the belief that the action is crucial to.
to adhere to a legal obligation.
to defend and safeguard property or rights of the company.
to investigate or prevent suspicious wrongdoing in relation with the service.
to safeguard the personal security of the public or service users of the service.
to protect the legal liability.
data security.
your data security is indispensable to us, but keep in mind that no electronic storage, or method of internet transmission comes with 100% security.
as we follow all commercially accepted methods to safeguard your personal information, so we cannot come with guarantee of complete security.
service providers.
on our behalf, we may appoint individuals and third parties (“service providers”) to render our service and conduct service-based tasks or support us in evaluating how the service is implemented.
the third parties can access your personal information merely to conduct these activities on our behalf and it is obligatory for them not to use or disclose it for any other purpose.
analytics.
we may employ third-party service providers for monitoring and analyzing the usage of our service.
google analytics is defined as a web analytics service, provided by google, which reports and tracks website traffic.
google implements the data gathered to monitor and track service usage.
this data is further shared with other services of google.
the collected data may be used by google to personalize and contextualize its own advertising networks’ ads.
you can choose to make your activity on the available service to google analytics.
you only need to install google analytics on the opt-out browser add-on.
this add-on restricts google analytics javascript (dc.
js, analytics.
js, and ga.
js) from sharing the information with the google analytics regarding visit activities.
to gather more data regarding google’s privacy practice, please visit privacy and terms page of google .
other websites links.
our offered service may include links of other websites which are not run by us.
in case, you click a link of third party website, you would be directed to the website of that third party.
we firmly recommend reviewing privacy policy of each website you visit.
we keep no control and take no responsibility of privacy policies, services, content or practices of third parties.
privacy of children.
our service will not entertain anyone whose age is under 18 i.
e.
children.
we do not gather personally identifiable data knowingly from anyone whose age is under 18.
guardian and parents of children who are aware of the fact that their child has shared the personal data with us should contact us.
when we come to know that we have gathered personal data of children without parental consent and verification, we take necessary steps to eradicate that data from our servers immediately.
alteration to the privacy policy.
we may modify or update our privacy policy at any time.
we will inform you regarding modifications by updating the fresh privacy policy page and through emailers as well.
we will notify you through email or a specific notice of our service prior to the modification getting effective and we will share the effective data on the top of privacy policy page.
we advise you to review this policy periodically for the modifications.
alternation to this policy are considered effective from the time they are posted on privacy policy page.
contact us.
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website or our services, please contact us at [email protected], or send mail to.
consents.
contact us.
sparx it solutions’ contact us form is complaint to gdpr regulations.
we made it correct with optional opt-in checkbox.
if you opt to proceed further, it will be considered your consent to get your email collected for the purpose of receiving requested information/data.
we have not created it on the basis of assumption rather it is specific, unambiguous, informed and reinforced only after a transparent affirmative action by a user that he agrees to be physically contacted.
we do not have a  pre-ticked box, but it comes with an opt-in option that is confirmed only after a deliberate choice of the client or prospect.
newsletters.
our newsletter section acts in accordance with the general data protection regulation act.
by opting in the checkbox, the user consents his email id to be used to receive free blogs, discounts & deals and other resources.
sparx it solutions will keep processing the data until user withdraws the consent.
the administrator abides by the privacy policy to process the data and make sure that consent is explicit and voluntary and is not linked to other benefits.
the user has the right to access, delete, limit or rectify data processing.
gdpr setting.
'privacy by default' and 'privacy by design' are the active players in our policy.
with privacy by design, we follow privacy in initial and throughout the design and development process of new services, products and services.
privacy by default  turns out to be legal requirement under gdpr as default.
we have created a section for the purpose of entering gdpr information, viewing and accepting our updated policy of data protection.
if you choose to enable gdpr, it accesses you to special tool that will assist you to manage your personal data.
who we are.
about us.
founder.
testimonials.
life at sparx.
careershiring.
faqs.
resources.
blog.
guides.
case studies.
portfolio.
services.
mobile app development.
ios app development.
android app development.
react native app development.
flutter app development.
web design.
ecommerce development.
magento development.
php development.
wordpress development.
blockchain development.
internet of things (iot).
contact.
term of use.
privacy policy.
