iot events                        we have an unrivalled number of partnerships with 350+ iot, iiot & ai global events.
never miss out again on what’s coming up in your sector or simply find the events you                        want us to help promote your brand at.
iot eventsupcoming events.
electric & hybrid vehicle technology expothe battery show europeiot shenzhen expo 2022 (iote 2022)field servicecdao nordicscdao insurance europe.
we have an unrivalled number of partnerships with 350+ iot, iiot & ai global events.
never miss out again on what’s coming up in your sector or simply find the events you                        want us to help promote your brand at.
upcoming events.
iot directoryiot companieslatest companies.
view alliot productslatest products.
view alliot serviceslatest services.
view all.
iot companieslatest companies.
view all.
latest companies.
iot productslatest products.
view all.
latest products.
iot serviceslatest services.
view all.
latest services.
iot newsthe latest news and expert opinions from around the globe including leading technology market research from top iot sector, analyst and consulting companies.
iot newslatest news.
find morerenesas develops circuit technologies for 22-nm embedded stt-mram with faster read and write performance for mcus in iot applicationsvipre's whitepaper emphasises the need for a multi-faceted approach against ransomwareaccelerating adas with the long-range 3d antenna from huber+suhnerurban control's urban node 324 becomes cellular nb-iot and lte-m lighting controller to receive d4i certificationrenesas announces investment in popular open-source company arduino to access huge developer community.
the latest news and expert opinions from around the globe including leading technology market research from top iot sector, analyst and consulting companies.
latest news.
trending techtrending techread now.
podcastwe're going to have a look at what's in the digital transformation news.
iot podcastlatest podcasts.
find morepodcast.
telco fraud spikes in ukraine, while service providers fined in us and ukpodcast.
you’ll never need to know a password again.
podcast.
why aren’t auto makers unleashing the full power of connected cars.
podcast.
insider threats and how to beat them.
podcast.
deepfakes and fraud.
coming to a phone near you.
we're going to have a look at what's in the digital transformation news.
latest podcasts.
iot searchsearch across.
productcompanyservicesarticlessearch.
search across.
log in.
register.
iot companies.
spimesenselabs.
who are we.
spimesenselabs (s.
a.
e) is an egyptian joint stock company established in 2013 by expertise in telecom & it industry and relies on highly qualified young professionals.
our expertise have more than 18 years of leading telecom industry, certified by global telecom vendors and have delivered innovative solutions to global telecom operators and banking institutions in the middle east.
our staff comprises highly qualified young professionals who have the merits of innovation among their basic skill set.
our vision.
we believe that by 2020, internet will be containing 50 billion connected devices exchanging data to serve the needs of human being.
our lines of business.
we have a focused iot products and services portfolio.
we are focusing on masterofthings iot application enablement platform, an innovative platform used to quickly develop and launch professional internet of things and machine-to-machine applications to help our customers to increase their profitability, improve their operational efficiency and enhance the quality of their products.
we develop custom iot applications for our customers utilizing capabilities of our iot platform masterofthings.
we also provide consultancy and special training courses for iot application development for various industry segments using masterofthings visual ide.
our current partners and customers.
we are always eager to find the right partner.
with our partners we have a bigger value in the iot value chain offered to our customer.
we have local partners in egypt as well as regional and global partners who have multinational presence (i.
e.
sigfox, m2m alliance, intel & ibm).
our current customers are the ones who have a pioneering vision to optimize and enhance their operations as well as their offerings utilizing iot and hence increase their revenues.
system integrators and solution providers can be either customers or partners who are looking to quickly build advanced iot/m2m solutions to their customers using masterofthings platform.
still we offer masterofthings to customers who would like to build their own applications with drag and drop ease of use by masterofthings visual ide.
highlights of some of our projects.
we are currently engaged in multiple projects and below we highlight some of those that show what type of competences we are offering.
water desalination operation management based on iot.
it is a project offered to one of our customers who have more than 40 operational sites with hundreds of machines to operate involving thousands of sensors and following their readings on a 24/7 bases to monitor the daily production and operation.
in this project we provide consulting services for the operation optimization as well as the development of the whole system utilizing masterofthings platform.
r&d projects for iot/m2m product development where we cooperate with our customers and partners to develop iot/m2m products for agriculture irrigation.
we are contracted to provide consultancy for the product features & functions as well as developing the sw application components of the products.
hands on iot and telecom post graduate training curriculum for information technology institutions and universities in egypt and ksa where students utilize masterofthings platform to implement their iot post graduate or undergraduate projects.
here we provide consultancy for the content of the studies for the student, consultancy for the project development, project output as well as providing a license for masterofthings to the institutions and universities for their students to use.
official website.
social profiles.
detailed information.
number of employees.
legal form.
activity.
address.
company name.
street.
zip                                                                city.
country.
representative.
bassem thabet								ceo & founder								+201001144013.
products.
documents.
videos.
masterofthings.
spimesenselabs company profile.
download this file.
5 minutes iot application development.
this is a quick video to show you how to build iot application using masterofthings.
iot application development is no longer a complex process with masterofthings.
have questions.
please log in to ask a question or to see answers for other users’ questions.
iot directoryiot companiesiot productsiot services.
iot companies.
iot products.
iot services.
iot newsblogsexpert opinionspress releases.
blogs.
expert opinions.
press releases.
iot resourceswhite papersiot glossaryiot standards.
white papers.
iot glossary.
iot standards.
ai & iotmachine learningindustry disruption.
machine learning.
industry disruption.
iot pilotlearn about iot platforms.
learn about iot platforms.
iot showcasemultitech.
multitech.
iot events.
iot ambassadors.
about iotgn.
don’t miss a beat.
get the latest right in your mailbox.
stay connected.
follow us on twitter.
disclaimer.
imprint.
privacy policy.
usage terms.
cookies policy.
copyright © 2022 iot global network.
all rights reserved.
