home.
about.
contact us.
privacy policy statement.
introduction.
data protection is a key concern for spirae llc.
we believe it is important for you to know how we treat the information we receive from you, on the internet.
hence, transparency regarding the way we process personal data we collect is a commitment for us.
the details provided below intends to provide you all relevant information in relation to the collection and processing of data which may be collected through this website  (hereinafter, “the website”).
this privacy policy will explain how our organization (“spirae”, “we”) uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website.
these terms apply to the main websites  and  and their subdomains (sometimes called “microsites”).
protecting your rights and interests.
protecting your privacy is important to spirae llc.
we are committed to protecting all personal data provided to our organization throughout its network of businesses, whether by individuals with whom we do business, visitors to and users of our websites or otherwise.
personal data is information which relates to an identified or identifiable living individual.
this policy explains what personal data we collect, how we may use and manage it and the rights you have in relation to your personal data.
before you provide us with any personal data or browse our website, please read through this policy in full and make sure that you are comfortable with our privacy practices.
scope and data usage.
1.
the personal data we collect.
if you choose to fill in a sign-up form or a contact form on our website, we will use the data you provided for the purpose of contacting you in relation to that enquiry or allow you to access specific account information or website content.
we may execute other activities such as marketing campaigns, promotional communications, or responses to user actions on our website for which consent is taken appropriately to send you emails about our products and other updates.
when you use our website, we collect certain standard information that is sent by your browser to our website.
our web servers or affiliates who provide analytics and performance enhancement services collect technical information, such as your ip address, browser type, operating system, language, time zone setting and location, access times and any referring website addresses.
this information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed and similar information.
spirae, llc uses this information to measure site usage, improve content and to ensure safety and security as well enhance performance of the website.
the data we collect can include the following.
name and contact information.
we collect first and last name, email address, postal address, organization, country, phone number and other similar contact information.
credentials.
we collect passwords used for authentication and account access, where this function is available.
application specific data.
we collect data needed to provide our services through our website capabilities and offline.
2.
purpose of data uses.
spirae llc uses data we collect to protect the security and safety of our website.
we also use data we collect to communicate with you and personalize our communications with you.
additionally, you can sign up for email subscriptions and choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from spirae llc by email, post and telephone or other means of communication.
for information about managing your contact data, email subscriptions and promotional communications, please submit a request to us using our contact form at .
3.
sharing of data.
we work with partners and use service providers based around the world.
as a result, your personal data may be processed in countries outside of the uk and european economic area (eea).
if we transfer personal data outside the uk or eea, we will, as required by applicable law, ensure that your data protection rights are adequately protected by appropriate safeguards.
we may decide to allow users to share comments, postings, testimonials, or other information.
if you choose to submit such information to us, the information that you submit may be available generally to the public.
information that you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
we usually do not share personal data collected from the websites with other third parties.
however, this may happen if.
you request or authorize us to do so.
we need to comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process.
we need to operate and maintain the security of this website, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks.
4.
where we store and process personal data.
personal data collected by spirae llc may be stored and processed in your region, in the us, and in any other country where spirae llc or its affiliates, subsidiaries or service providers operate facilities.
the storage location(s) are chosen in order to operate efficiently, to improve performance and to create redundancies in order to protect the data in the event of an outage or other problem.
we take steps to ensure that the data we collect under this privacy statement is processed according to the provisions of this statement and the requirements of applicable law wherever the data is located.
we transfer personal data from the european economic area to other countries, some of which have not been determined by the european commission to have an adequate level of data protection.
when we do, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts, to help ensure your rights and protections travel with your data.
5.
data protection rights.
when we process personal data about you, we do so with your consent and/or as necessary to provide the website you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfil other legitimate interests of spirae, llc as described in this privacy statement.
below, you will find additional privacy information that you may find important.
spirae llc adheres to applicable data protection laws in the european economic area, which if applicable includes the following rights.
if the processing of personal data is based on your consent, you have a right to withdraw consent at any time for future processing.
you have a right to request from us, a “data controller” as defined in the law, access to and rectification of your personal data.
you have a right to request from us that your personal data are erased, subject to certain exceptions.
you have a right to object to the processing of your personal data.
and.
you have a right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority.
6.
our retention of personal data.
spirae llc retains personal data for as long as necessary to provide the access to and use of the website, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes and enforcing our agreements.
because these needs can vary for different data types and purposes, actual retention periods can vary significantly.
7.
security of your personal information.
we will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse, or alteration of your personal information.
we will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password- and firewall-protected) servers.
all electronic financial transactions entered through our website will be protected by encryption technology.
you acknowledge that the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
you are responsible for keeping the password you use for accessing our website confidential.
we will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to our website).
8.
cookies.
spirae llc uses cookies.
(a “cookie” is a small file of letters and numbers that is sent to your computer by a website and automatically saved on your computer by your web browser (e.
g.
“chrome” or “internet explorer”).
each time you request a page from the website, your web browser sends this cookie back to the website server) to provide our websites and to help collect data.
spirae, llc uses cookies for several purposes, which may include.
storing your preferences and settings - settings that enable our website to operate correctly or that maintain your preferences over time may be stored on your device.
sign-in and authentication - when you sign into our website using your credentials, we store a unique id number, and the time you signed in, in an encrypted cookie on your device.
this cookie allows you to move from page to page within the site without having to sign in again on each page.
you may also be able to save your sign-in information, so you do not have to sign in each time you return to the site.
security - we use cookies to detect fraud and abuse of our websites and services.
social media - some of our websites include social media cookies, including those that enable users who are logged in to the social media service to share content via that service.
analytics - in order to provide our website efficiently, we use cookies and other identifiers to gather usage and performance data.
performance - spirae llc uses cookies for load balancing to ensure that websites remain up and running.
9.
how to manage cookies.
blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
if you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
you can delete cookies already stored on your computer—for example.
in internet explorer (version 10), you must manually delete cookie files (you can find instructions for doing so at  ).
in firefox (version 24), you can delete cookies by clicking “tools,” “options,” and “privacy”, then selecting “use custom settings for history”, clicking “show cookies,” and then clicking “remove all cookies”.
and.
in chrome (version 29), you can delete all cookies by accessing the “customize and control” menu, and clicking “settings,” “show advanced settings,” and “clear browsing data,” and then selecting “delete cookies and other site and plug-in data” before clicking “clear browsing data.
”.
deleting cookies will have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
10.
privacy policy of other websites.
our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites.
we have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
11.
changes to our privacy policy.
we may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
you should check this page occasionally to ensure you understand any changes to this policy.
we may notify you of changes to this policy by email or through the private messaging system on our website.
12.
how to contact us.
we think it is very important to hear what you have to say about our policies.
if you have any feedback about this policy, please let us know using our contact form at .
home.
about.
contact us.
privacy policy.
you have been inactive.
there were no interactions in past few minutes and you may be logged out in few more minutes of idleness.
