home.
productsproduct findersearch productsproducts tableproduct cataloghart seriesprofinet seriesprofibus dp seriescan/canopen seriesdevicenet seriesiec61850 seriesproduct catalogbacnet seriesethernet/ip seriesmodbus tcp seriesiot gatewayembedded module.
product findersearch productsproducts table.
search products.
products table.
product cataloghart seriesprofinet seriesprofibus dp seriescan/canopen seriesdevicenet seriesiec61850 series.
hart series.
profinet series.
profibus dp series.
can/canopen series.
devicenet series.
iec61850 series.
product catalogbacnet seriesethernet/ip seriesmodbus tcp seriesiot gatewayembedded module.
bacnet series.
ethernet/ip series.
modbus tcp series.
iot gateway.
embedded module.
partnerspreferred distributorsbecome a partner.
preferred distributors.
become a partner.
kepware.
case studies.
supportdownloadfaq.
download.
faq.
contact usabout us.
about us.
products.
privacy statement.
information collection.
sst automation is the sole owner of the information collected on  .
sst automation collects information from our users at several different points on our web site.
registration.
in order to use certain areas of this web site, a user must first complete a registration form.
during registration a user is required to give contact information (such as name and email address).
we use this information to contact the user about services on our site for which they have expressed interest.
it is optional for the user to provide additional demographic information (such as industry and application needs), and some unique identifiers, but encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience on our site.
information use.
all information collected on our site will be used for improving users' experiences when visiting our site.
marketing will utilize the information for internal market planning.
sst automation will not share personal information with anyone outside sst automation nor disclose user information to any third party, except to our exclusive business partners.
profile.
we store information that we collect through log files, and/or third parties to create a profile of our users.
a profile is stored information that we keep on individual users that detail their viewing preferences.
consequently, collected information is tied to the users' personally identifiable information to provide offers and improve the content of the site for the user.
this profile is used to tailor a user's visit to our web site and to direct pertinent marketing promotions to them.
we do not share your profile with other third parties.
links.
this web site contains links to other sites.
please be aware that we, sst automation, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
this privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
correcting/updating/deleting/deactivating personal information.
this web site contains links to other sites.
please be aware that we, sst automation, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
this privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
notification of changes.
if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
we will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
if, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users via email.
users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner.
however, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner.
in addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our web site notifying users of the change.
in some cases where we post a notice we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
contact information.
if users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at.
email.
.
tel .
844-606-2886.
company.
about us.
contact us.
become our partner.
follow us.
contact.
844-606-2886 (us & canada).
+1 (626) 899-6290 (international).
whatsapp.
e-mail.
policies.
terms of service.
privacy statement.
return & refund policy.
warranty.
service.
order options.
payment methods.
shipping information.
buy on amazon.
