our work.
industries.
services.
about.
insights.
careers.
contact us.
en.
jp.
cn.
star strategydefining powerful endgames for your business and how to achieve them      explore our expertise.
star strategy.
defining powerful endgames for your business and how to achieve them.
explore our expertise.
star designtransforming vision into human-centered digital and physical experiences      explore our expertise.
star design.
transforming vision into human-centered digital and physical experiences.
explore our expertise.
star engineeringbuilding and developingfull stack scalable technology solutions      explore our expertise.
star engineering.
building and developingfull stack scalable technology solutions.
explore our expertise.
our latest thinkingexplore thought-provoking content from star experts on technology, design and key industries      read now.
our latest thinking.
explore thought-provoking content from star experts on technology, design and key industries.
read now.
trend reportsfeature-length content on technology, transformation, industry evolution and the people behind all this change      learn now.
trend reports.
feature-length content on technology, transformation, industry evolution and the people behind all this change.
learn now.
podcastsdiscover how today’s brightest minds ensure their ideas, products and goals truly shine      listen now.
podcasts.
discover how today’s brightest minds ensure their ideas, products and goals truly shine.
listen now.
automotive & mobilityanticipating driverand passenger needs      explore our expertise.
automotive & mobility.
anticipating driverand passenger needs.
explore our expertise.
healthtechtackling today’s most immense healthcare challenges      explore our expertise.
healthtech.
tackling today’s most immense healthcare challenges.
explore our expertise.
fintechco-creating new fintech ventures & products      explore our expertise.
fintech.
co-creating new fintech ventures & products.
explore our expertise.
why starat star, we combine strategy, design and engineering to create meaningful products, loved by our clients and their customers and created by people who care      explore now.
why star.
at star, we combine strategy, design and engineering to create meaningful products, loved by our clients and their customers and created by people who care.
explore now.
job openingsfind your dream job.
browse available opportunities and match your skills and experience to an incredible role      explore now.
job openings.
find your dream job.
browse available opportunities and match your skills and experience to an incredible role.
explore now.
our companymeet our global team of product creators and discover how star sees the world      learn more.
our company.
meet our global team of product creators and discover how star sees the world.
learn more.
meet our founderexplore first-hand groundbreaking insights      learn more.
meet our founder.
explore first-hand groundbreaking insights.
learn more.
m&abecome part of star and join our growth journey      learn more.
m&a.
become part of star and join our growth journey.
learn more.
our work.
industriesautomotive & mobilityhealthtechfintech.
automotive & mobility.
healthtech.
fintech.
servicesstar strategystar designstar engineering.
star strategy.
star design.
star engineering.
aboutour companymeet our founderm&a.
our company.
meet our founder.
m&a.
insightsarticlestrend reportspodcasts.
articles.
trend reports.
podcasts.
careerswhy starjob openings.
why star.
job openings.
contact us.
star privacy policy.
general data privacy notice.
legal framework for protecting your personal data.
this data privacy notice is written to comply with the european union general data protection regulation (gdpr).
gdpr gives control to citizens and residents over their personal data.
star (“star”) values and respects the privacy of our users, members, and others who visit and use star.
global and its associated products and services (the “star service”) (collectively or individually “users”) and are committed to protecting your personal data.
the purpose of this policy is to provide you with information about how and why star collects and processes your personal data when you visit this website and/or when you sign up to our newsletters, fill out contact forms to download any of our published reports and insights, inquire about our services, take part in a survey or otherwise interact with us through this website.
please note that this website is not intended for children, and star does not knowingly collect data relating to children.
if you are younger than 16, you may not register with or use this website.
if you think that we may have unintentionally collected data relating to a child, please write to us at .
contact details.
our full details.
full name of legal entity.
starname data protection officer.
marty mcfarland, cfo staremail address.
.
postal address of data protection officer.
star, 1250 borregas avenue, sunnyvale, ca 94089, usa.
if you are a european union citizen you have the right to make a complaint at any time to a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement.
information star collects.
personal data, means any data or information about an individual from which that person can be identified.
it does not include anonymous data where your identity has been removed.
we may collect, use, store, and transfer different types of data about you as follows.
contact data which includes your email address(es) and telephone numbers.
identity data which includes your first name, last name, and job title.
marketing and communications data which includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us, and your communication preferences.
profile data includes your username and password, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
technical data includes internet protocol (ip) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
usage data includes information about how you use our website.
you will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us, or if you have provided us with your details when you entered a survey or registered for an event and when you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
you can tell us not to contact you with marketing communications either at the point such information is collected or by following the unsubscribe instructions in any communication sent to you.
you can also exercise this right at any time by contacting us using the contact details at the end of this privacy policy.
please note that where you opt out of receiving marketing messages, this will not delete other personal data we hold on you.
we do not collect personal data about you other than the information which you voluntarily provide to us through this site to fulfill the purpose of your request such as to request a full report or whitepaper.
we do not collect any special categories of personal data about you (such as ethnicity, sexual orientation, political opinions, religious beliefs, organization membership, health, genetic or biometric information or any information about criminal convictions and offences).
please note that we will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside of star for marketing purposes.
how we collect your personal data.
direct interactions.
this is where you give us your data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise.
this includes personal data you provide when you.
fill in a form on this website (such as the ones on our ‘get in touch’ or ‘contact’ forms).
create an account on our website (such as on our ‘careers’ page).
subscribe to any publications.
request marketing to be sent to you.
give us some feedback.
automated interactions.
as you browse our website, we may automatically collect data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns.
we collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies.
you can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies.
please note that when you disable or refuse cookies, some parts of this site may become inaccessible or may not function properly.
third-party analytics.
we receive technical data (standard internet log information and details of visitor behavior) from google analytics about visitors to this website.
this information does not identify anyone.
to opt out of being tracked by google analytics across all websites visit.
.
how we use your personal data.
we will only use your personal data when the law allows us to in the following circumstances.
where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message.
you have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us at .
disclosures of your personal data.
we may have to share your personal data with third parties such as.
internal third parties such as our lead generation/sales/contracting departments.
external third parties, to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets.
alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them.
if a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
we require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law.
we do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
data security.
we have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, inappropriately used, accessed, altered or disclosed.
in addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, and third parties who have a business need to know.
they will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
how long we retain your personal data for.
we will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
to determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
storage and deletion.
all personal data is deleted, when it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were processed.
generally, we delete all personal data no later than 24 months after it has been collected.
we delete the information that we collect using cookies containing personal data no later than 24 months after it has been registered by us.
your legal rights.
data protection law gives you a range of rights in connection with our processing of your personal data.
in this regard you have the right to request access to the personal data concerning you that we process.
further, you may request that we rectify or delete the personal data or restrict the processing of your personal data, if you think they are inaccurate.
furthermore, you have the right to object against the processing based on our legitimate interests as a legal basis.
we are required to assess and act on your request.
if you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at .
in the event of merge or sale.
if star should ever file for bankruptcy or have its assets sold to or merge with another entity, information star receives from you through a star website is a star asset and may be transferred.
changes and updates to the privacy policy.
we may occasionally update this privacy policy.
when we do, we will also revise this policy.
for changes to this privacy policy that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of personal information that you have provided to us, we will attempt to obtain your consent before implementing the change.
we encourage you to periodically review this privacy policy to stay informed about how we are protecting the personal information we collect.
your continued use of a star website constitutes your agreement to this privacy policy and any updates.
contacting star.
if you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this privacy policy, please email us at or write to us at postal mail address.
star, 1250 borregas ave sunnyvale, ca 94089 usa.
recruitment privacy notice.
star and its subsidiaries understand that your privacy is important to you.
star subsidiaries may process your personal data in our capacity as data controllers.
we commit to respecting your privacy and protecting your personal data, which we define as any information capable of identifying you as an individual.
this recruitment privacy notice describes how we handle and protect your personal data in connection with star’s recruiting processes and programs.
get in touch.
or write us on .
our work.
approach.
careers.
about.
insights.
we use cookies.
that’s how we improve the website experience with analytics and personalization.
by continuing to browse you agree to our use of cookies.
you can find more information here.
get in touch.
