home.
about usabout sureviewcareersprivacy policysecurity.
about sureview.
careers.
privacy policy.
security.
contact.
login.
productsresponsefield operationscases.
response.
field operations.
cases.
pricing.
case studies.
integration.
resourcesfact sheets & guideswhitepapersvideo’sblog / news.
fact sheets & guides.
whitepapers.
video’s.
blog / news.
partnerspartner-led projects.
partner-led projects.
request a demo.
privacy policy.
privacy policy.
introduction.
this document constitutes the privacy policy of sureview systems, inc.
(“sureview” “we”, “us” or “our”).
sureview respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data in the manner described in the paragraphs below.
this privacy has an effective date of july 1, 2020 (the “effective date”).
introduction and general information.
purpose of this privacy notice.
this privacy policy aims to give you information on how sureview collects and processes the personal data which we receive through your use of our website,  (the “site”), and through use of our software products (sureview operations).
this includes any data you may provide when you sign up to receive a demonstration, pay for a product, or use the product, either on a demonstration or permanent basis.
we also describe your choices regarding how data is used, accessed, and corrected.
it is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data from you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data.
this privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
controller and processor.
sureview is the controller and responsible for your personal data that we collect through your use of the site.
when you use our product and record personal data, you are the controller and we serve as a processor of such data.
you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the information commissioner’s office (ico), the uk supervisory authority for data protection issues ( we would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ico, so please contact us in the first instance.
if you have any questions about our privacy policy or its implementation, please contact our data protection officer (“dpo”) at .
your duty to inform us of changes.
it is important that the personal data we hold about you related to your account and account representatives is accurate and current.
please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
third-party links.
our website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications.
clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you.
we do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements.
when you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
information regarding from minors.
we do not knowingly collect data from, or relating to, children.
the data we collect about you.
personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified.
it does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
we may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows.
identity data may include first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
contact data may include billing address, delivery address, email address, telephone numbers and fax numbers.
financial data may include bank account and payment card details.
transaction data may include details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
technical data may include internet protocol (ip) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website or use our products.
customer data may include data regarding your personnel or operations which is entered by you while using our product or automatically recorded by the product as it is used by you.
profile data may include your usernames and passwords, purchases or orders made by you, your preferences, feedback and survey responses.
usage data may include information about how you use our website, products and services.
marketing and communications data may include your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences.
we also collect, use and share aggregated data (e.
g.
statistical or demographic data) for various purposes.
aggregated data may be derived from your personal data, but is not considered personal data as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity.
for example, we may aggregate your usage data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific product feature.
however, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
we do not collect any special categories of personal data about you, such as details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data, or criminal records.
if you fail to provide personal data.
where we need to collect personal data by law or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you access to our products or services).
in this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us, but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
how is your personal data collected.
we use different methods to collect data from and about you including through.
direct interactions.
you may give us your identity, contact and financial data by filling in order forms or by corresponding with us by mail, phone, email or otherwise.
this includes personal data you provide when you.
purchase our products or services.
use our products.
create an account on our website.
subscribe to receive periodic information from us.
request marketing materials to be sent to you.
request a product demonstration or request additional information.
or.
give us feedback or respond to a survey we send you.
automated technologies or interactions.
as you interact with our website, we may automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns.
we collect this technical data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies.
as you use our product, the product will automatically collect data regarding your operations which the product is designed to collect for your use.
third parties or publicly available sources.
we may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below.
technical data from analytics providers such as google based outside the eu.
andidentity and contact data from publicly availably sources such as companies house and the electoral register based inside the eu.
technical data from analytics providers such as google based outside the eu.
and.
identity and contact data from publicly availably sources such as companies house and the electoral register based inside the eu.
how we use your personal data.
we will only use your personal data when the law allows us to do so.
most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances.
where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email.
you have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
purposes for which we will use your personal data.
we have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so.
we have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data.
please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
(b) contact.
(a) manage payments, fees and charges.
(b) collect and recover money owed to us.
(b) contact.
(c) financial.
(d) transaction.
(e) marketing and communications.
(b) necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us).
(a) notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy.
(b) asking you to leave a review or take a survey.
(b) contact.
(c) profile.
(d) marketing and communications.
(b) necessary to comply with a legal obligation.
(c) necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services).
(b) contact.
(c) profile.
(d) usage.
(e) marketing and communications.
(b) necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business).
(b) contact.
(c) technical.
(b) necessary to comply with a legal obligation.
(b) contact.
(c) profile.
(d) usage.
(e) marketing and communications.
(f) technical.
(b) usage.
(b) contact.
(c) technical.
(d) usage.
(e) profile.
marketing.
we strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising, as follows.
promotional offers from us.
we may use your identity, contact, technical, usage and profile data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you.
this is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
you will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us or if you provided us with your details when you entered a competition or registered for a promotion and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
third-party marketing.
we will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside the sureview group of companies for marketing purposes.
opting out.
you can ask us or third-parties to stop sending you marketing messages by contacting us at any time.
where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience or other transactions.
cookies.
you can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies.
if you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
change of purpose.
we will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.
if you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
if we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
disclosures of your personal data.
we may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above.
external third-parties.
third-parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets.
alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them.
if a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
we require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law.
we do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
international transfers.
we share your personal data within the sureview group of affiliated companies.
this may involve transferring your data outside the european economic area (eea).
we ensure your personal data is protected by requiring all our group companies to follow the same rules when processing your personal data.
these rules are called “binding corporate rules”.
for further details, see european commission.
binding corporate rules.
if you are located in the eea, we will not transfer your personal data out of the eea to any third party provider.
please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the eea.
data security.
we have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.
in addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know.
they will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
we have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
data retention.
how long will you use my personal data for.
we will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
to determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available in our retention policy which you can request from us by contacting us.
your legal rights.
under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data.
please see “your legal rights” below under paragraph 10 for further information.
if you wish to exercise any of the rights set out below, please contact us.
no fee usually required.
you will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights).
however, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.
alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
what we may need from you.
we may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights).
this is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
we may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
time limit to respond.
we try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month.
occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests.
in this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
change management.
ownership of this privacy policy falls to our data protection officer.
questions about this policy, or reports of misuse of corporate or personal data, should be directed to .
privacy laws and practices are constantly changing and developing.
our policies and procedures are under continual review, and this privacy policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically.
we will update the privacy policy when necessary to reflect customer feedback, changes to our product or legal changes.
when we post material changes to this privacy policy, we will revise the “effective date” at the top of the privacy policy.
if you are a customer and we make material changes to the privacy policy or how we will use your personal data, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes before they take place or by directly sending you a notification.
we encourage you to periodically review this privacy policy to learn how sureview is processing your information.
glossary.
lawful basis.
legitimate interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best product/service and the best and most secure experience.
we make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests.
we do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
you can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.
performance of contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
comply with a legal or regulatory obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
third parties.
internal third parties.
other companies in the sureview group of affiliated companies acting as joint controllers or processors and who provide it and system administration services.
external third parties.
service providers acting as processors who provide it and system administration services.
professional advisers acting as processors including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the eea and the united states who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
hm revenue & customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the eea who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
market researchers & customer satisfaction surveyors acting as processor based in the eea or united states who provide marketing and client survey services.
your legal rights.
you have the right to.
request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”).
this enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
request correction of the personal data that we hold about you.
this enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
request erasure of your personal data.
this enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it.
you also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law.
note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms.
you also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
in some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
request restriction of processing of your personal data.
this enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios.
(a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy.
(b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.
(c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party.
we will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data.
however, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent.
if you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you.
we will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
home.
pricing.
case studies.
about us.
contact us.
careers.
news/blog.
resources.
white papers.
resources.
videos.
partner-led projects.
integration partners.
security.
privacy.
terms and conditions.
about sureview systems.
follow sureview on linkedin.
follow sureview on youtube.
follow sureview on twitter.
© 2022 sureview systems.
website design and developed by bayshore solutions.
productsresponsefield operationscases.
response.
field operations.
cases.
pricing.
case studies.
integration.
resourcesfact sheets & guideswhitepapersvideo’sblog / news.
fact sheets & guides.
whitepapers.
video’s.
blog / news.
partnerspartner-led projects.
partner-led projects.
request a demo.
home.
about usabout sureviewcareersprivacy policysecurity.
about sureview.
careers.
privacy policy.
security.
contact.
login.
