searching for a specific part number.
please use the “part number” select field of our product finder.
productsproductsnand flash productspcie ssd modules2.
5″ sata ssdsata modulescfexpress cardscfast cardscompact flash cardssd memory cardsmicrosd memory cardsmanaged nandusb productssecurity productssecurity editionssecure bootishield cameraishield fido2swissbit tseproduct finderwhere to buy.
products.
nand flash productspcie ssd modules2.
5″ sata ssdsata modulescfexpress cardscfast cardscompact flash cardssd memory cardsmicrosd memory cardsmanaged nandusb products.
pcie ssd modules.
2.
5″ sata ssd.
sata modules.
cfexpress cards.
cfast cards.
compact flash cards.
sd memory cards.
microsd memory cards.
managed nand.
usb products.
security productssecurity editionssecure bootishield cameraishield fido2swissbit tse.
security editions.
secure boot.
ishield camera.
ishield fido2.
swissbit tse.
product finder.
where to buy.
solutionssolutionsindustryiotmedicalnetcomsecurityfiscalautomotive.
solutions.
industry.
iot.
medical.
netcom.
security.
fiscal.
automotive.
technologytechnologystorage technologysecurity technologysip technologywhat makes a swissbit product.
technology.
storage technology.
security technology.
sip technology.
what makes a swissbit product.
supportsupporttechnotesswissbit life time monitoringqualityrmacontact.
support.
technotes.
swissbit life time monitoring.
quality.
rma.
contact.
companycompanyabout uswhy swissbitour partnerscareerseventsnews & press.
company.
about us.
why swissbit.
our partners.
careers.
events.
news & press.
blog.
productsnand flash productspcie ssd modules 2.
5″ sata ssd sata modules cfexpress cards cfast cards compact flash cards sd memory cards microsd memory cards managed nand usb products security productssecurity editions secure boot ishield camera ishield fido2 swissbit tse product finder product search by use casespick the one which is closest to your applicationsmall data loggingwrite•••••••••••read•••data size••random data•••••••••••small data logginglarge data loggingwrite•••••••••••read•••data size••••••••random data•••••••••••large data loggingaudio & video recordingwrite•••••••••••read•••••••••data size•••••••••••random data•audio & video recordingboot os onlywrite•read•••••••••data size••random data••••••boot os onlyboot os & video replaywrite•read•••••••••data size•••••••••random data••boot os & video replayboot os & execute programwrite••••read•••••••••data size••random data••••••••boot os & execute programshow all use cases where to buy find a sales partnerhere you can find swissbit products around the globeview interactive map product brochureview swissbit product guide.
nand flash productspcie ssd modules 2.
5″ sata ssd sata modules cfexpress cards cfast cards compact flash cards sd memory cards microsd memory cards managed nand usb products.
pcie ssd modules.
2.
5″ sata ssd.
sata modules.
cfexpress cards.
cfast cards.
compact flash cards.
sd memory cards.
microsd memory cards.
managed nand.
usb products.
security productssecurity editions secure boot ishield camera ishield fido2 swissbit tse.
security editions.
secure boot.
ishield camera.
ishield fido2.
swissbit tse.
product finder product search by use casespick the one which is closest to your applicationsmall data loggingwrite•••••••••••read•••data size••random data•••••••••••small data logginglarge data loggingwrite•••••••••••read•••data size••••••••random data•••••••••••large data loggingaudio & video recordingwrite•••••••••••read•••••••••data size•••••••••••random data•audio & video recordingboot os onlywrite•read•••••••••data size••random data••••••boot os onlyboot os & video replaywrite•read•••••••••data size•••••••••random data••boot os & video replayboot os & execute programwrite••••read•••••••••data size••random data••••••••boot os & execute programshow all use cases.
where to buy find a sales partnerhere you can find swissbit products around the globeview interactive map.
find a sales partner.
product brochure.
view swissbit product guide.
solutionsindustry iot medical netcom security fiscal automotive product brochureview swissbit product guide.
industry.
iot.
medical.
netcom.
security.
fiscal.
automotive.
product brochure.
view swissbit product guide.
technologystorage technology security technology sip technology what makes a swissbit product product brochureview swissbit product guide.
storage technology.
security technology.
sip technology.
what makes a swissbit product.
product brochure.
view swissbit product guide.
supporttechnotes swissbit life time monitoring quality rma contact product brochureview swissbit product guide.
technotes.
swissbit life time monitoring.
quality.
rma.
contact.
product brochure.
view swissbit product guide.
companyabout us why swissbit our partners careers events news & press product brochureview swissbit product guide.
about us.
why swissbit.
our partners.
careers.
events.
news & press.
product brochure.
view swissbit product guide.
blog.
login.
contact.
careers.
search-icon.
en - english.
de - deutsch.
ja - 日本語.
zh - 简体中文.
menüopenclose.
contact.
product finder.
swissbit .
en.
privacy policy.
privacy policy.
we are very delighted that you have shown interest in our enterprise.
data protection is of a particularly high priority for the management of the swissbit ag.
the use of the internet pages of the swissbit ag is possible without any indication of personal data.
however, if a data subject wants to use special enterprise services via our website, processing of personal data could become necessary.
if the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from the data subject.
the processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the general data protection regulation (gdpr), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to the swissbit ag.
by means of this data protection declaration, our enterprise would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process.
furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.
as the controller, the swissbit ag has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through this website.
however, internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed.
for this reason, every data subject is free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means, e.
g.
by telephone.
1.
definitions.
the data protection declaration of the swissbit ag is based on the terms used by the european legislator for the adoption of the general data protection regulation (gdpr).
our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our customers and business partners.
to ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.
in this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following terms.
a)   personal datapersonal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”).
an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
b)   data subjectdata subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing.
c)   processingprocessing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
d)   restriction of processingrestriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.
e)   profilingprofiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyze or predict aspects concerning that natural person’s performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location or movements.
f)   pseudonymisationpseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organizational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.
g)   controller or controller responsible for the processingcontroller or controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data.
where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by union or member state law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by union or member state law.
h)   processorprocessor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.
i)   recipientrecipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not.
however, public authorities, which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with union or member state law, shall not be regarded as recipients.
the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.
j)   third partythird party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorized to process personal data.
k)   consentconsent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject’s wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.
2.
name and address of the controller.
controller for the purposes of the general data protection regulation (gdpr), other data protection laws applicable in member states of the european union and other provisions related to data protection is.
swissbit agindustriestrasse 49552 bronschhofenswitzerlandphone.
+41 71 913 03 03website.
.
data protection requestsif you have any questions about the collection, processing or use of your personal data, data subject rights, such as information, correction, blocking or deletion of data or other issues relating to data protection law, please contact our data protection team at the email address.
.
data protection officerif you would like to contact our designated data protection officer confidentially on issues relating to data protection law, you can reach mr.
eiko kühne by email at.
by post at the address.
data protection officerswissbit germany ag- personally confidential -mr.
eiko kühnebitterfelder str.
2212681 berlin.
3.
cookies.
the internet pages of the swissbit ag use cookies.
cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an internet browser.
many internet sites and servers use cookies.
many cookies contain a so-called cookie id.
a cookie id is a unique identifier of the cookie.
it consists of a character string through which internet pages and servers can be assigned to the specific internet browser in which the cookie was stored.
this allows visited internet sites and servers to differentiate the individual browser of the dats subject from other internet browsers that contain other cookies.
a specific internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie id.
through the use of cookies, the swissbit ag can provide the users of this website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting.
by means of a cookie, the information and offers on our website can be optimized with the user in mind.
cookies allow us, as previously mentioned, to recognize our website users.
the purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to utilize our website.
the website user that uses cookies, e.
g.
does not have to enter access data each time the website is accessed, because this is taken over by the website, and the cookie is thus stored on the user’s computer system.
the data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the internet browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies.
furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an internet browser or other software programs.
this is possible in all popular internet browsers.
if the data subject deactivates the setting of cookies in the internet browser used, not all functions of our website may be entirely usable.
click here to update your cookie settings.
4.
collection of general data and information.
the website of the swissbit ag collects a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the website.
this general data and information are stored in the server log files.
collected may be (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers), (4) the sub-websites, (5) the date and time of access to the internet site, (6) an internet protocol address (ip address), (7) the internet service provider of the accessing system, and (8) any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.
when using these general data and information, the swissbit ag does not draw any conclusions about the data subject.
rather, this information is needed to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2) optimize the content of our website as well as its advertisement, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack.
therefore, the swissbit ag analyzes anonymously collected data and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our enterprise, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process.
the anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.
5.
registration on our website.
the data subject has the possibility to register on the website of the controller with the indication of personal data.
which personal data are transmitted to the controller is determined by the respective input mask used for the registration.
the personal data entered by the data subject are collected and stored exclusively for internal use by the controller, and for his own purposes.
the controller may request transfer to one or more processors (e.
g.
a parcel service) that also uses personal data for an internal purpose which is attributable to the controller.
by registering on the website of the controller, the ip address—assigned by the internet service provider (isp) and used by the data subject—date, and time of the registration are also stored.
the storage of this data takes place against the background that this is the only way to prevent the misuse of our services, and, if necessary, to make it possible to investigate committed offenses.
insofar, the storage of this data is necessary to secure the controller.
this data is not passed on to third parties unless there is a statutory obligation to pass on the data, or if the transfer serves the aim of criminal prosecution.
the registration of the data subject, with the voluntary indication of personal data, is intended to enable the controller to offer the data subject contents or services that may only be offered to registered users due to the nature of the matter in question.
registered persons are free to change the personal data specified during the registration at any time, or to have them completely deleted from the data stock of the controller.
the data controller shall, at any time, provide information upon request to each data subject as to what personal data are stored about the data subject.
in addition, the data controller shall correct or erase personal data at the request or indication of the data subject, insofar as there are no statutory storage obligations.
the entirety of the controller’s employees are available to the data subject in this respect as contact persons.
6.
newsletter.
mailchimp.
this website uses the services of mailchimp to send out its newsletters or notifications.
the provider is the rocket science group llc, 675 ponce de leon ave ne, suite 5000, atlanta, ga 30308, usa.
among other things, mailchimp is a service that can be deployed to organise and analyse the sending of newsletters.
whenever you enter data for the purpose of subscribing to a newsletter (e.
g.
your e-mail address), the information is stored on mailchimp servers in the united states.
with the assistance of the mailchimp tool, we can analyse the performance of our newsletter campaigns.
if you open an e-mail that has been sent through the mailchimp tool, a file that has been integrated into the e-mail (a so-called web-beacon) connects to mailchimp’s servers in the united states.
as a result, it can be determined whether a newsletter message has been opened and which links the recipient possibly clicked on.
technical information is also recorded at that time (e.
g.
the time of access, the ip address, type of browser and operating system).
this information cannot be allocated to the respective newsletter recipient.
their sole purpose is the performance of statistical analyses of newsletter campaigns.
the results of such analyses can be used to tailor future newsletters to the interests of their recipients more effectively.
if you do not want to permit an analysis by mailchimp, you must unsubscribe from the newsletter.
we provide a link for you to do this in every newsletter message.
moreover, you can also unsubscribe from the newsletter right on the website.
the data is processed based on your consent (art.
6 sect.
1 lit.
a gdpr).
you may revoke any consent you have given at any time by unsubscribing from the newsletter.
this shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken place prior to your revocation.
the data deposited with us for the purpose of subscribing to the newsletter will be stored by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter or the newsletter service provider and deleted from the newsletter distribution list after you unsubscribe from the newsletter.
data stored for other purposes with us remain unaffected.
after you unsubscribe from the newsletter distribution list, your e-mail address may be stored by us or the newsletter service provider in a blacklist to prevent future mailings.
the data from the blacklist is used only for this purpose and not merged with other data.
this serves both your interest and our interest in complying with the legal requirements when sending newsletters (legitimate interest within the meaning of art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f gdpr).
the storage in the blacklist is indefinite.
you may object to the storage if your interests outweigh our legitimate interest.
for more details, please consult the data privacy policies of mailchimp at.
.
7.
newsletter-tracking.
the newsletter of the swissbit ag contains so-called tracking pixels.
a tracking pixel is a miniature graphic embedded in such e-mails, which are sent in html format to enable log file recording and analysis.
this allows a statistical analysis of the success or failure of online marketing campaigns.
based on the embedded tracking pixel, the swissbit ag may see if and when an e-mail was opened by a data subject, and which links in the e-mail were called up by data subjects.
such personal data collected in the tracking pixels contained in the newsletters are stored and analyzed by the controller in order to optimize the shipping of the newsletter, as well as to adapt the content of future newsletters even better to the interests of the data subject.
these personal data will not be passed on to third parties.
data subjects are at any time entitled to revoke the respective separate declaration of consent issued by means of the double-opt-in procedure.
after a revocation, these personal data will be deleted by the controller.
the swissbit ag automatically regards a withdrawal from the receipt of the newsletter as a revocation.
8.
contact possibility via the website.
the website of the swissbit ag contains information that enables a quick electronic contact to our enterprise, as well as direct communication with us, which also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (e-mail address).
if a data subject contacts the controller by e-mail or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject are automatically stored.
such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the data controller are stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject.
there is no transfer of this personal data to third parties.
9.
routine erasure and blocking of personal data.
the data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the european legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to.
if the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the european legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.
rights of the data subject.
a) right of confirmationeach data subject shall have the right granted by the european legislator to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed.
if a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.
b) right of accesseach data subject shall have the right granted by the european legislator to obtain from the controller free information about his or her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information.
furthermore, the european directives and regulations grant the data subject access to the following information.
- the purposes of the processing.
- the categories of personal data concerned.
- the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organizations.
- where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period.
- the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing.
- the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
- where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source.
- the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in article 22(1) and (4) of the gdpr and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organization.
where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.
if a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.
c) right to rectificationeach data subject shall have the right granted by the european legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her.
taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
if a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.
d) right to erasure (right to be forgotten) each data subject shall have the right granted by the european legislator to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary.
- the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
- the data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of article 6(1) of the gdpr, or point (a) of article 9(2) of the gdpr, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.
- the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to article 21(1) of the gdpr and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to article 21(2) of the gdpr.
- the personal data have been unlawfully processed.
- the personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in union or member state law to which the controller is subject.
- the personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in article 8(1) of the gdpr.
if one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by us, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.
an employee of us shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately.
e) right of restriction of processingeach data subject shall have the right granted by the european legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies.
- the accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
- the processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead the restriction of their use instead.
- the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
- the data subject has objected to processing pursuant to article 21(1) of the gdpr pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
if one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal, he or she may at any time contact any employee of the controller.
f) right to data portabilityeach data subject shall have the right granted by the european legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
he or she shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of article 6(1) of the gdpr or point (a) of article 9(2) of the gdpr, or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of article 6(1) of the gdpr, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to article 20(1) of the gdpr, the data subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
in order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject may at any time contact any of our employees.
g) right to objecteach data subject shall have the right granted by the european legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point (e) or (f) of article 6(1) of the gdpr.
this also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
we shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
if we process personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing.
this applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing.
if the data subject objects to the processing for direct marketing purposes, we will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.
in addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to article 89(1) of the gdpr, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
in order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may contact any employee of the swissbit ag.
in addition, the data subject is free in the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding directive 2002/58/ec, to use his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.
h) right to withdraw data protection consenteach data subject shall have the right granted by the european legislator to withdraw his or her consent to processing of his or her personal data at any time.
if the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, he or she may, at any time, contact any employees.
10.
legal basis for the processing.
art.
6(1) lit.
a gdpr serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose.
if the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on article 6(1) lit.
b gdpr.
the same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services.
is our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfillment of tax obligations, the processing is based on art.
6(1) lit.
c gdpr.
in rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person.
this would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party.
then the processing would be based on art.
6(1) lit.
d gdpr.
finally, processing operations could be based on article 6(1) lit.
f gdpr.
this legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data.
such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the european legislator.
he considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (recital 47 sentence 2 gdpr).
11.
the legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party.
where the processing of personal data is based on article 6(1) lit.
f gdpr our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders.
the criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period.
after expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or the initiation of a contract.
12.
provision of personal data as statutory or contractual requirement.
requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data.
possible consequences of failure to provide such data.
we clarify that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.
g.
tax regulations) or can also result from contractual provisions (e.
g.
information on the contractual partner).
sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that the data subject provides us with personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us.
the data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us with personal data when our company signs a contract with him or her.
the non-provision of the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the data subject could not be concluded.
before personal data is provided by the data subject, the data subject must contact any employee.
the employee clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of non-provision of the personal data.
13.
existence of automated decision-making.
as a responsible company, we do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.
this privacy policy has been generated by the privacy policy generator of the external data protection officers that was developed in cooperation with the media law lawyers from wbs-law.
support.
contact.
terms & conditions.
united states of america.
emea / apac.
rights & obligations.
copyright notice.
privacy policy.
rma.
imprint.
cookie settings.
