symbio.
symbio.
home.
technology  symbiodcssolutions.
symbiodcs.
solutions.
companyabout uscareersnews.
about us.
careers.
news.
contact.
symbio robotics, inc.
wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information.
this privacy policy describes our practices in connection with information that we collect through our website at  (the “site”).
by using our site, you agree to this privacy policy.
1.
personal information.
“personal information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual.
personal information we may collect includes.
name.
postal address (including billing and shipping addresses).
telephone number.
email address.
telephone number.
user id.
use of personal informationwe and our service providers may use personal information.
to respond to your inquiries, fulfill your requests, complete your purchases, and provide you with related customer service.
to send administrative information to you, such as changes to our terms, conditions, and policies, as well as marketing communications that we believe may be of interest.
to personalize your experience on the site by presenting products and offers tailored to you.
for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products, improving or modifying our site, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of promotional campaigns, and operating and expanding business activities.
if you submit any personal information relating to other people to us in connection with the site, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
disclosure of personal informationyour personal information may be disclosed.
to our affiliates for the purposes described in this privacy policy.
to our third party service providers who provide services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing and other services.
by you, on message boards, chat, profile pages and blogs and other services to which you are able to post information and materials.
please note that any information you post or disclose through these services will become public information.
other uses and disclosureswe may also use and disclose your personal information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate.
(a) to comply with applicable law, to respond to requests from public and government authorities, to cooperate with law enforcement, or for other legal reasons.
(b) to enforce our terms and conditions.
and (c) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others.
we may use, disclose or transfer your information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
2.
other information.
“other information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an identifiable individual.
other information we may collect includes.
browser and device information.
ip address.
information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies.
demographic and other information provided by you that does not reveal your specific identity, or information that has been aggregated in a manner that it no longer reveals your specific identity.
please note that we may use and disclose other information for any purpose.
collection of other informationwe and our service providers may collect other information in a variety of ways, including.
through your browser or device.
certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your media access control (mac) address, computer type (windows or macintosh), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, and internet browser type and version.
we use this information to ensure that the site functions properly.
using pixel tags and other similar technologies.
pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear gifs) may be used to, among other things, track the actions of site users and email recipients, measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about site usage and response rates.
using cookies.
cookies are pieces of information stored on the computer that you are using.
cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the site, pages visited, language preferences, and other anonymous traffic data.
we use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience.
we also gather statistical information about use of the site to continually improve its functionality, understand how it is used and assist us with resolving questions about it.
we do not currently respond to browser do-not- track signals.
if you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, most browsers allow you to automatically decline cookies, or be given the choice of declining or accepting a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular site.
if, however, you do not accept cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the site.
analytics.
we use third-party analytics services such as google analytics, which uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the site and report on activities and trends.
this service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources.
you can learn about google’s practices by going to  and opt out of them by downloading the google analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at .
using adobe flash technology (including flash local shared objects (“flash lsos”)) and other similar technologies.
we may use flash lsos and other technologies to, among other things, collect and store information about your use of the site.
if you do not want flash lsos stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings of your flash player to block flash lso storage using 3pa-1789788 the tools contained in the site storage settings panel.
you can also go to the global storage settings panel, and follow the instructions (which may explain, for example, how to delete existing flash lsos (referred to as “information”), how to prevent flash lsos from being placed on your computer without your being asked, and how to block flash lsos that are not delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time).
please note that setting the flash player to restrict or limit acceptance of flash lsos may reduce or impede the functionality of some flash applications.
ip address.
your ip address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your internet service provider.
an ip address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the site, along with the time of the visit and the pages visited.
we use ip addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels, diagnosing server problems, and administering the site.
we may also derive your approximate location from your ip address.
3.
third party services.
this privacy policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which the site links.
please review any third-party privacy policies to learn how they handle your personal information.
4.
security.
we use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures designed to protect personal information within our organization.
unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
if you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us in accordance with the “contacting us” section below.
5.
choices and access.
if you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt-out by using the mechanism contained in each such email.
if you would like to update personal information that you have provided to us, you may contact us in accordance with the “contacting us” section below or update your account information using the account management features on the site.
6.
use of the site by minors.
the site is not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13) and, we do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under 13.
7.
jurisdictional issues.
the site is controlled and operated by us from the united states and is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the united states.
8.
updates to this privacy policy.
we may change this privacy policy.
the “last updated” line at the top of this page indicates when this privacy policy was last revised.
any changes will become effective when we post the revised privacy policy on the site.
your use of the site following these changes means that you accept the revised privacy policy.
9.
contacting us.
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at .
symbio robotics, inc.
2022.
copyright © 2022 symbio robotics.
all rights reserved.
about us.
privacy policy.
