main menu.
products overviewmultimedia socswireless connectivitytouchpad modulesvideo interface icsfingerprint sensorsdisplaylink graphicstouch controller icsaudio dsps, socs, far-field voicedisplay driver ic (ddic)headset socsintegrated touch & display icsultra-low power edge ai platformfax/modem/printer processorsintegrated sensors.
overview.
multimedia socs.
wireless connectivity.
touchpad modules.
video interface ics.
fingerprint sensors.
displaylink graphics.
touch controller ics.
audio dsps, socs, far-field voice.
display driver ic (ddic).
headset socs.
integrated touch & display ics.
ultra-low power edge ai platform.
fax/modem/printer processors.
integrated sensors.
applications overviewpc notebooks/laptopsautomotivedocking stationsaudio headsets & hearablespc accessoriesar/vr headsetssmart displaysset-top box, media streamerssmart securityvoice assistant devicessmartphones.
overview.
pc notebooks/laptops.
automotive.
docking stations.
audio headsets & hearables.
pc accessories.
ar/vr headsets.
smart displays.
set-top box, media streamers.
smart security.
voice assistant devices.
smartphones.
technology overviewdisplay drivervideo processingtouch & display integration (tddi)headset audiosecure biometricsvoice processingedge computing socs with aitouch sensinghigh-speed wired connectivity.
overview.
display driver.
video processing.
touch & display integration (tddi).
headset audio.
secure biometrics.
voice processing.
edge computing socs with ai.
touch sensing.
high-speed wired connectivity.
careers.
company about usnewsroominvestor relationsleadershippartnershipseventsblogcorporate social responsibilityvideoscontact us.
about us.
newsroom.
investor relations.
leadership.
partnerships.
events.
blog.
corporate social responsibility.
videos.
contact us.
downloads.
searchsearchenter keywordssearch.
search.
search.
website privacy policy.
synaptics incorporated and its global affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “synaptics”) value your privacy.
this website privacy policy (“policy”) describes how synaptics collects, uses, shares, and stores your personal data.
this policy is issued on behalf of synaptics, so a reference to “we,” “us,” or “our” in this policy is a reference to the relevant company in synaptics that is responsible for processing your personal data.
this policy focuses on information related to the operation of the public websites available at synaptics.
com and synaptics.
com sub-domains (each, a "site").
collection.
synaptics collects information about you through our sites in several ways.
such information may include personal data.
“personal data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual (including “personal information” within the meaning of the california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”), as defined in subdivision (o) of the california civil code § 1798.
140).
we may collect the following different categories of personal data about you.
personal and business identifiers and contact information such as name, job title, company name, address information, contact information such as phone number and email address.
internet or other electronic network activity information, i.
e.
, your browser type, domains, page views, ip address, referring/exit pages, information about how you interact with our site’s webpages and with third-party links, traffic and usage trends on the service, etc.
and.
information derived from other personal information about you, which could include your preferences and interests.
online tracking and your choices.
website use information.
like many websites, we and our third-party partners analyze log file information and other data collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technology, to collect information about your browsing behavior when you visit our site.
we use session cookies to keep you logged in while you use features of our site.
these disappear after you close your browser.
we also use persistent cookies, which stay in your browser and allow us to recognize you when you return to the site.
most internet browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may be able to change the settings of your browser to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.
if you set your browser to reject cookies, parts of our site may not work for you.
please note, depending on your type of device or browser, it may not be possible to delete or disable all tracking mechanisms on your device.
your selection of the "do not track" option provided by your browser may not have any effect on our collection of cookie information for analytic and internal purposes.
the only way to completely "opt out" of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser or mobile device to delete and disable cookies and other tracking/recording tools.
(to learn more about cookies, clear gifs/web beacons and related technologies, you may wish to visit allaboutcookies.
org .
we may permit third-party advertising partners to use cookies and other technology to collect information about your browsing activities over time and across different websites when you use our site.
for example, the use of advertising services provided by third-party ad partners, such as google display network and adroll, to market our services to you on other websites and online services.
through a process called "retargeting," each service places a cookie on your browser when you visit our site so that they can identify you and serve you ads on other sites around the web based on your browsing activity.
to avoid use of this information for advertising by these third-party ad partners, you can change your browser settings to reject cookies or to notify you when cookies are set and you could select the do not track option on your browser, though we have no control over and cannot confirm whether these third-party ad partners honor the do not track browser signal.
additionally, many advertising companies are members of the nai or daa and/or provide opt-outs on those industry pages at networkadvertising.
org/choices or aboutads.
info/choices.
third-party sites and features.
our site may contain links to other websites operated by third-parties and may include social media features such as facebook and twitter buttons (such as "like," "tweet" or "pin").
these third-party sites may collect information about you if you click on a link and the social media sites may automatically record information about your browsing behavior every time you visit a site that has a social media button.
your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the feature, not by our policy.
we do not control what information these third-parties collect.
use.
we use the information collected about you as appropriate and relevant for the following commercial purposes.
to provide our products and services to you.
to allow you to make requests and register for customized communications programs.
to send you news about synaptic-related services, products or promotions.
for marketing and promotional purposes.
and.
to provide advertising that is relevant to your interests.
we use the information collected about you as appropriate and relevant for the following business purposes.
to better understand how users access and use our site, products and services and for other research and analytical purposes, including data analysis, diagnosing and fixing technology problems, enhancing, improving or modifying our site and products and services and determining the effectiveness of our customer communications.
to manage our relationship with you, including remembering your information so you will not have to re-enter it, and to be able to notify you about changes to our terms or this policy.
as we determine it to be necessary and appropriate, including.
under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence.
to comply with legal process.
to enforce our terms and conditions.
to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates.
to defend our legal claims.
andto protect our rights, privacy, safety, security, property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others.
under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence.
to comply with legal process.
to enforce our terms and conditions.
to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates.
to defend our legal claims.
and.
to protect our rights, privacy, safety, security, property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others.
we will only process any special categories of personal data (“sensitive personal data”) relating to you for specific purposes outlined above or in relevant supplemental notices, because either.
(a) you have given us your explicit consent to process that information.
(b) the processing is necessary to carry out our obligations under employment, social security or social protection law.
(c) the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
or (d) you have made the information public.
data sharing.
under no circumstance do we share personal information for any commercial or marketing purpose unrelated to the delivery of synaptics products and services without asking you first.
we do not rent or sell your personal information.
the following are the limited situations where we may share personal information.
for external processing.
we have vendors, service providers, and technicians who help with some of our processing and storage, including helping to answer your questions.
they may also assist with monitoring our servers for technical problems.
these technicians (as well as synaptics employees) can access certain information about you or your account in line with this work but these technicians are not allowed to use this data for non-synaptics purposes.
we also have strict policies and technical barriers in place to prevent unauthorized employee access to video data.
as part of business transitions.
upon the sale or transfer of the company and/or all or part of its assets, your personal information may be among the items sold or transferred.
we will request a purchaser to treat our data under the privacy statement in place at the time of its collection.
for legal reasons.
we may provide information to a third-party if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so for legal reasons.
for example, to respond to legal process, or comply with state and federal laws (or the applicable laws of foreign countries other than the united states).
your personal information may be collected, processed and stored by synaptics or its service providers in the united states and other countries where our servers reside.
as a result, your personal information may be subject to legal requirements, including lawful requirements to disclose personal information to government authorities, in those jurisdictions.
security.
synaptics is committed to ensuring the security of your personal information.
to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of personal information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure it.
we also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach.
we will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
retention.
we will only retain your personal data for such period of time as may be reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this policy and/or in applicable supplemental notices, unless a longer retention period is required by law.
transfers abroad.
in connection with the services provided on our sites, we may transfer your personal data within synaptics across state or country borders, including to outside the european economic area, and to a jurisdiction which is not recognized by the european commission as providing for an equivalent level of protection for personal data as is provided for in the european union.
if and to the extent that we do so, we will ensure that appropriate measures are in place to comply with our obligations under applicable law governing such transfers.
these may include entering into a contract governing the transfer that contains the ‘standard contractual clauses’ approved for this purpose by the european commission.
your rights.
depending on where you live, you may have the following rights described below with respect to your personal data.
if the ccpa applies to your information, we provide these disclosures so you can exercise your rights to receive information about our data practices, as well as to request access to and deletion of your information.
access.
you may request information regarding personal data that we collect and hold about you and the source(s) of that information.
please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified or deleted may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the site for a limited period of time.
if you request a change to or deletion of your personal data, please note that we may still need to retain certain information for record-keeping purposes.
some of your information may also remain within our systems and other records where necessary for compliance with applicable law.
rectification and/or erasure.
you have the right to request that we rectify any inaccuracies in relation to the personal data we hold about you.
in some circumstances, you have the right to request the erasure of your personal data or object to the further processing of your information.
objection.
you have the right to object to any direct marketing or other processing of your personal data based on our or on third-parties’ legitimate interests, unless such interests are compelling enough to override your objection.
restriction of processing.
in some circumstances, you have the right to require us to restrict the processing of your personal data.
email and marketing.
in most instances, we give you options with regard to the personal data you provide, including choices with respect to marketing materials.
you may manage your receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located at the bottom of marketing emails.
withdraw consent.
where our processing of your personal data is based on you having provided consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time.
this will not affect the processing already carried out with your consent.
not to be discriminated against for exercising any of your other privacy rights.
you may exercise any of your rights in this section without us discriminating against you in any way.
note however that you may be subject to differentiated treatment if and to the extent that the exercise of your rights materially impacts our ability to provide certain services to you.
such differentiated treatment is objectively justified and does not constitute discrimination.
complain.
you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
we would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach a supervisory authority so please contact us in the first instance.
if you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at .
general data protection regulation privacy notice.
the purpose of the general data protection regulation ("gdpr") is to ensure lawful, fair and transparent collection of all personal data of individuals, regardless of citizenry, in the european union ("eu data subjects") by allowing them to maintain control of their personal data kept and processed by organizations, which includes synaptics.
on the basis of legitimate interest, we process personal data for network and information security purposes.
pursuant to the gdpr, organizations have a recognized legitimate interest in collecting and processing personal data to the extent strictly necessary and proportionate for the purpose of ensuring network and information security.
the policy above outlines the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data collected by us through our sites.
when eu data subjects submit personal data to us, or use our sites and other services, eu data subjects consent to the collection, use, storage and disclosure of that information as described herein.
this privacy notice should be read in conjunction with the policy above.
california consumer privacy act privacy notice.
this california privacy notice is for california residents and supplements the information contained in the policy above.
this privacy notice applies to all website visitors, users, consumers, customers, and any others who reside in the state of california and whose personal information is collected by synaptics.
if you are a california resident, please refer to the policy above, which explains how we collect, use and share your personal information and how to exercise your rights under the ccpa.
this privacy notice should be read in conjunction with the policy above.
minors.
we do not knowingly collect or store any personal data about children under the age of 13.
if you believe that we may have collected personal data from someone under the age of 13, or under the applicable age of consent in your country, without parental consent, please let us know using the methods described in the contact us section and we will take appropriate measures to investigate and address the issue promptly.
contact us.
we have appointed a data protection officer who is responsible for matters relating to privacy and data protection.
if you have questions or concerns about this policy or wish to contact our data protection officer, please contact us using the details below.
company name.
synaptics incorporated.
email address.
.
mailing address.
1109 mckay drive, san jose, ca 95131.
california residents who wish to exercise their california privacy rights may also contact us by calling the following number.
+1-408-518-7605.
eu data subjects also have the right to make a complaint to the supervisory authority of the eu member state in which they reside or where an alleged infringement of applicable data protection law occurred.
changes to privacy policy.
please note that this policy, together with the privacy notices outlined above, are current as of the effective date set forth below and may change from time to time.
we will provide you with notice of any changes via our sites and by updating the effective date below.
your continued use of our sites, products and services following notification of changes constitutes acceptance of such changes.
effective date.
march 26, 2021.
english.
简体中文.
twitter.
youtube.
linkedin.
facebook.
weibo.
wechat.
