partner base.
search for.
search.
get a quote now.
+1-469-656-8235.
[email protected].
tdinsights.
a marketing database company.
home.
companyabout ustestimonialscase studynews roomgdpr.
about us.
testimonials.
case study.
news room.
gdpr.
our solutionsby technologysalesforce customers listsap customers listlist of companies using erpnetsuite customers listand more.
by countryusa business email listcanada business email listuk business email listaustralia business email listand more.
by industryautomotive industry email listsbanking and financial email listshealthcare industry email listhospitality industry email listand more.
by professionalsb2b email listsmall business owners listit decision makers listfortune 500 companies listand more.
by healthcarephysician email listdentist email listnurses email list.
by technologysalesforce customers listsap customers listlist of companies using erpnetsuite customers listand more.
salesforce customers list.
sap customers list.
list of companies using erp.
netsuite customers list.
and more.
by countryusa business email listcanada business email listuk business email listaustralia business email listand more.
usa business email list.
canada business email list.
uk business email list.
australia business email list.
and more.
by industryautomotive industry email listsbanking and financial email listshealthcare industry email listhospitality industry email listand more.
automotive industry email lists.
banking and financial email lists.
healthcare industry email list.
hospitality industry email list.
and more.
by professionalsb2b email listsmall business owners listit decision makers listfortune 500 companies listand more.
b2b email list.
small business owners list.
it decision makers list.
fortune 500 companies list.
and more.
by healthcarephysician email listdentist email listnurses email list.
physician email list.
dentist email list.
nurses email list.
our servicesdata appending servicesdata cleansing servicesdata validation servicesdata licensing servicesdata verification servicesdata profiling servicescrm data enrichmentcustom list buildinglist managementemail marketingstrategic consultingdemand generation.
data appending services.
data cleansing services.
data validation services.
data licensing services.
data verification services.
data profiling services.
crm data enrichment.
custom list building.
list management.
email marketing.
strategic consulting.
demand generation.
resourcesblogsinfographicscontent library.
blogs.
infographics.
content library.
contact us.
get a quote now.
browse data card.
privacy policy.
home » privacy policy.
privacy policy.
introduction.
effective date.
this privacy policy is effective as of october 22, 2019.
the following privacy policy is a legal document of tdinsights that discloses the way of collection, usage, disclosure, and sharing of your personal information when you visit the website.
in this page, we refer to the terms “we”, “us”, “our” as tdinsights.
we always take your privacy seriously and respect it.
whenever you visit our website or use our services, you are also acknowledging to the terms of this policy or modification made to it hereafter.
what data do we collect from you.
the information we gather falls into the following categories.
information provided by you.
in some cases, you may have to provide your information while signing up for the newsletter, services, events, submission of queries or to download any paper.
the data collected here includes email, name, postal address or other contact details.
we assemble this information to improve the quality of our services we deliver.
data collected by us automatically.
we collect some information when you visit our website or use our service.
it includes your ip address, device identifiers, device type, operating system, browser type, general geographical location, url referral information, time of visit, duration of viewing any page or item, clicks registered by the user and several others.
in some cases, the cookies or other tracking technologies integrated into the website will also collect additional data.
we use these information’s to serve you better.
information we receive from third-party sources.
if you wish to follow us on third-party apps such as social media, we collect some necessary information from it based on your account settings.
it may include your name, age, picture, and gender.
we may also receive some information from third party advertising sources.
how secure your data is.
tdinsights give priority to the safety of your personal information.
we take utmost care to safeguard it with the help of technology.
we also limit the access to authorized members of our team.
our websites have well-configured firewalls that prevent a data breach.
our team takes stringent measures to protect data integrity.
we make use of this data to send promotional emails, newsletters, and other company related services.
from where do we source data.
tdinsights collect data from various reliable sources and also make sure that the database is accurate and afresh.
the below list shows you the trusted sources from where we gather the data.
b2b directories.
government record.
newsletter subscription.
transactional data.
annual reports.
email campaigns.
community postings.
phone surveys.
public record information.
website visitor’s input.
the data collected here include personal information such name, postal address, email, and phone numbers.
third party and information sharing policy.
tdinsights will not share any individual’s information without prior notice or consent.
we disclose it to the third parties only when.
we are confident that their services or product benefits you.
the receiver acknowledges the communication.
law enforcers and judicial authorities demand data.
we may disclose if there is a necessity to shield the assets and rights of our company.
tdinsights use your personal information for service promotions, distributing newsletters, and also for the events associated with us.
you must also note that all our campaigns provide you with an unsubscribe option in the footer of the email.
so, one can unsubscribe if they feel the content shared by us is irrelevant or needless.
how do we use cookies.
cookies are the small files stored in your web browser.
it contains information regarding the user’s online behavior.
cookies help tdinsights to deliver tailored pages to you.
every time you access our page, cookies will ask permission to track your browser activities.
you can accept or deny them based on your interest.
however, if you allow them to store your sign-in credentials, you do not have to fill them on every visit.
we also work with third parties to provide you with a personalized browsing experience.
but the cookie policy of our partners may have a different tracking policy and expiry date.
we hold no authority over the terms of their strategy.
it is also advisable for you to go through the provisions of the third party before accepting or refusing the cookies.
however, if you disable them, you may not receive all the benefits from our website experience.
google analytics to analyze the behavior of the user.
tdinsights uses google analytics to analyze the behavior of the user.
google analytics facilitates the collection of user data such as their ip address, location, number of visits, time of visit, etc.
we do not use google analytics to collect any of your private data, and google actively stores the collected data as per the google privacy policy.
marketing emails.
by registering with our service, you also acknowledge the terms and conditions with the tdinsights.
you can use our services and products only in the lawful means, and the users should not violate these laws.
therefore, we consider it as a breach of terms if they break the regulations.
it may also result in the abrupt termination of access to all our services.
email campaign contents.
by subscribing to our website, you will receive only the most relevant contents that are fully compliant with the international laws.
our quality team uses cutting-edge technologies and also content algorithms to track the materials in the campaign system.
opt-out policy.
if you wish to terminate from our services, emails, and campaigns, you can choose the opt-out service.
the link to this service is present in the footer of every email.
users have all the right to unsubscribe from our facility anytime.
our team will always respect your decision, and hence remove you from our subscriber’s list without any delay.
also, you can mail to [email protected] or call +1-469-656-8235.
this way we can immediately terminate our services from reaching you.
one should also note that some residual information may stay in our database due to multiple deletions and backup issues.
in compliance with ccpa & gdpr.
tdinsights takes all the necessary measures to safeguard the personal information of the consumers.
therefore, both the ccpa and gdpr are precisely implemented in the process to ensure that no confidential information is disseminated.
we have complete information on how the regulations is integrated in the process.
to have a better idea, visit our ccpa & gdpr pages.
how to update your information.
tdinsights follow different steps to ensure data accuracy.
our quality team removes all the incorrect or unnecessary data found in the repository.
besides that, we also encourage the users to update their data from time to time.
if you wish to update or add any new information, you can contact us directly via email or telephone.
send us an email to [email protected], or you may call +1-469-656-8235.
our team will get back to you within 24 hours.
privacy policy revision.
we may update our privacy policy any time without pre-intimation.
in such cases, we will notify once we make the changes to it.
we may communicate via email to inform the modifications amended to the policy.
changes to the privacy policy are effective after we post it on this page.
hence, we recommend you to re-visit our privacy policy page to learn the differences.
children.
tdinsights do not involve in business with minors under 18 years of age.
we do not collect any information from them.
thus, if we discover any information of minor in our repository, we will take immediate action to delete it.
minors can use our website only under parents’ supervision.
therefore, we encourage parents or guardians to actively participate in children’s activity while they are using our services.
disclaimer.
tdinsights do not endorse any external links you may have found on our site.
tdinsights holds no liability for information submitted by users to those external links.
you may use those external links at your discretion.
last updated.
august 24, 2020.
questions and feedbacks.
if you have any complaints, queries, or feedbacks about our services or privacy policy, you can reach us at.
tdinsights inc.
940, amboy ave,.
suite 104,.
edison, nj 08837.
+1-469-656-8235.
[email protected].
if you want your information to be deleted from our database, you can always send a removal request by clicking here.
company.
4512 legacy drive,suite 100,plano, tx 75024+1-469-656-8235[email protected].
follow us.
business services.
data appending services.
crm data enrichment.
data licensing services.
data cleansing services.
custom list building.
email marketing.
list management.
data validation services.
partner base.
company directory.
quick links.
about us.
corporate brochure.
content library.
infographics.
testimonials.
faq.
b2b data.
contact us.
sitemap.
privacy policy.
newsletter.
we will never share your email withthird parties.
first name.
email address.
talk to an experts.
+1-469-656-8235.
