aboutabouttele2’s vision is to be the smartest telco in the world, enabling a society of unlimited possibilities.
we enable the transformation of businesses and the creation of tomorrow’s infrastructure.
connecting people and technology far and wide, as well as right here around us.
simple.
sustainable.
smart.
our vision and valueslong-term view & strategywhat we offertele2 5g is herewholesalenational wholesaleinternational wholesalecarrier servicesmessaging serviceson covid-19where we operateorganization and governancegroup leadership teamboard of directorsboard of directorsthe board's workboard commiteesaudit committeeremuneration committeenomination committeegeneral shareholders' meetings20222021articles of associationauditorextraordinary general meeting 2020extraordinary general meeting 2021remunerationincentive program 2019-2022the swedish pension fundcorporate governance documentsrisk managementrisk managementstrategic risksoperational riskscompliance risksfinancial risks.
abouttele2’s vision is to be the smartest telco in the world, enabling a society of unlimited possibilities.
we enable the transformation of businesses and the creation of tomorrow’s infrastructure.
connecting people and technology far and wide, as well as right here around us.
simple.
sustainable.
smart.
about.
tele2’s vision is to be the smartest telco in the world, enabling a society of unlimited possibilities.
we enable the transformation of businesses and the creation of tomorrow’s infrastructure.
connecting people and technology far and wide, as well as right here around us.
simple.
sustainable.
smart.
our vision and valueslong-term view & strategy.
long-term view & strategy.
what we offertele2 5g is herewholesalenational wholesaleinternational wholesalecarrier servicesmessaging serviceson covid-19.
tele2 5g is here.
wholesalenational wholesaleinternational wholesalecarrier servicesmessaging serviceson covid-19.
national wholesale.
international wholesale.
carrier services.
messaging services.
on covid-19.
where we operate.
organization and governancegroup leadership teamboard of directorsboard of directorsthe board's workboard commiteesaudit committeeremuneration committeenomination committeegeneral shareholders' meetings20222021articles of associationauditorextraordinary general meeting 2020extraordinary general meeting 2021remunerationincentive program 2019-2022the swedish pension fundcorporate governance documentsrisk managementrisk managementstrategic risksoperational riskscompliance risksfinancial risks.
group leadership team.
board of directorsboard of directorsthe board's work.
board of directors.
the board's work.
board commiteesaudit committeeremuneration committeenomination committee.
audit committee.
remuneration committee.
nomination committee.
general shareholders' meetings20222021articles of associationauditorextraordinary general meeting 2020extraordinary general meeting 2021.
2022.
2021.
articles of association.
auditor.
extraordinary general meeting 2020.
extraordinary general meeting 2021.
remunerationincentive program 2019-2022the swedish pension fund.
incentive program 2019-2022.
the swedish pension fund.
corporate governance documents.
risk managementrisk managementstrategic risksoperational riskscompliance risksfinancial risks.
risk management.
strategic risks.
operational risks.
compliance risks.
financial risks.
join usinterested in knowing more about us as an employer.
what your future colleagues are thinking about.
and what we would expect from you if you would join the team.
great.
then you have come to the right place.
job openingsjob categoriesdigital capabilities & technologybusiness developmentmarketing & communicationslegalstoresservice & supportpeople & changesalesstudents & graduateswhy tele2talent programs.
interested in knowing more about us as an employer.
what your future colleagues are thinking about.
and what we would expect from you if you would join the team.
great.
then you have come to the right place.
interested in knowing more about us as an employer.
what your future colleagues are thinking about.
and what we would expect from you if you would join the team.
great.
then you have come to the right place.
job openings.
job categoriesdigital capabilities & technologybusiness developmentmarketing & communicationslegalstoresservice & supportpeople & changesalesstudents & graduates.
digital capabilities & technology.
business development.
marketing & communications.
legal.
stores.
service & support.
people & change.
sales.
students & graduates.
why tele2.
talent programs.
sustainabilitysustainabilitysustainability is about thinking short-, medium- and long term in everyday business decisions.
strategy and focus areasadvance circular economyboost innovation for sustainabilitydiversity & inclusionprotect children in a connected societychildren and teenagers online 2020children and teenagers online 2021for sustainability professionalspolicies and reportsprivacy and integrityconnecting human rights defenderspartnershipsstakeholder interactionsustainability in kazakhstansustainability governanceclimate efforts & sbti targetstcfdmateriality analysiswater & biodiversitysustainability net impactlatest sustainability reportcode of conductwhistleblowing policycontact sustainability.
sustainabilitysustainability is about thinking short-, medium- and long term in everyday business decisions.
sustainability.
sustainability is about thinking short-, medium- and long term in everyday business decisions.
strategy and focus areasadvance circular economyboost innovation for sustainabilitydiversity & inclusionprotect children in a connected societychildren and teenagers online 2020children and teenagers online 2021.
advance circular economy.
boost innovation for sustainability.
diversity & inclusion.
protect children in a connected societychildren and teenagers online 2020children and teenagers online 2021.
children and teenagers online 2020.
children and teenagers online 2021.
for sustainability professionalspolicies and reportsprivacy and integrityconnecting human rights defenderspartnershipsstakeholder interactionsustainability in kazakhstansustainability governanceclimate efforts & sbti targetstcfdmateriality analysiswater & biodiversitysustainability net impact.
policies and reports.
privacy and integrityconnecting human rights defenders.
connecting human rights defenders.
partnerships.
stakeholder interaction.
sustainability in kazakhstan.
sustainability governance.
climate efforts & sbti targets.
tcfd.
materiality analysis.
water & biodiversity.
sustainability net impact.
latest sustainability report.
code of conduct.
whistleblowing policy.
contact sustainability.
investorsinvestorsexplore our financials, get the latest updates and connect with our ir-teamreports and presentationsthe sharethe shareconsensus estimatesanalystsdividend informationshareholders’ personal datashare informationownership structureinsidersrisk managementfinancial summarydebt financingdebt financingdebt programs & credit facilitiescredit ratingsemtn programmefinancial calendargeneral shareholders' meetingstele2 and com hem mergercom hem archivedefinitionscontacts and subscribe.
investorsexplore our financials, get the latest updates and connect with our ir-team.
investors.
explore our financials, get the latest updates and connect with our ir-team.
reports and presentations.
the sharethe shareconsensus estimatesanalystsdividend informationshareholders’ personal datashare informationownership structureinsiders.
the share.
consensus estimates.
analysts.
dividend information.
shareholders’ personal data.
share information.
ownership structure.
insiders.
risk management.
financial summary.
debt financingdebt financingdebt programs & credit facilitiescredit ratingsemtn programme.
debt financing.
debt programs & credit facilities.
credit ratings.
emtn programme.
financial calendar.
general shareholders' meetings.
tele2 and com hem mergercom hem archive.
com hem archive.
definitions.
contacts and subscribe.
news and mediamediastay in touch and get the latest news, announcements and information about upcoming events from the tele2 group.
media bankpress contacts.
mediastay in touch and get the latest news, announcements and information about upcoming events from the tele2 group.
media.
stay in touch and get the latest news, announcements and information about upcoming events from the tele2 group.
media bank.
press contacts.
market sites.
our market sites.
lithuaniatele2pildyk.
lithuania.
tele2.
pildyk.
latviatele2zelta zivtina.
latvia.
tele2.
zelta zivtina.
estoniatele2.
estonia.
tele2.
swedentele2tele2 businesscomviq.
sweden.
tele2.
tele2 business.
comviq.
iotinternet of things - iot.
iot.
internet of things - iot.
home.
sustainability.
for sustainability professionals.
privacy and integrity.
privacy and integrity.
at tele2, we are firmly committed to safeguarding our customers' and employees' privacy and integrity.
we have sometimes been criticised for this commitment, as public opinions fluctuates over time.
but above all, our devotion to privacy has been celebrated by both consumers, businesses and authorities using our services.
within tele2, we have rules on how we handle the personal data that our customers and employees entrust us with.
this includes rules on how we process and store data, how we keep it up to date, provide customers with access to it when needed, and how we ensure personal data is only used for the purpose agreed.
those rules are either made by us, because we think it is good practice to be careful with personal data and privacy, or based on government regulations.
we keep a close eye to these rules and continue to adjust them according to technology advancements or new regulation.
for example in 2018, we changed our privacy and data protection policies to match the general data protection regulation (gdpr).
because of the services we provide, we process personal data.
for example when we send a bill to a customer, or when we make sure to connect a call to the right person.
to protect and respect privacy, every operation within the tele2 group takes responsibility for privacy and data protection and is equipped with the necessary resources.
furthermore, they are all supported by a group function that promotes the correct application of privacy and data protection requirements by providing guidance and feedback.
we have a group privacy officer (gpo), and we have data protection officers (dpos) in all our local operations.
the gpo reports to the group general counsel, who is part of our executive management.
tele2 is committed to safeguarding and respecting customers' rights to privacy, integrity and freedom of expression, all of which are governed by principles of international human rights as well as in tele2's code of conduct.
we developed a new privacy policy in 2017 that determines the framework for how tele2 works with privacy.
attached to this policy are standards that all operations need to follow when they are working with personal data.
this results in an overall process that is solid and mitigates the risks related to personal data, while at the same time it allows tele2 to keep offering relevant services to its customers.
tele2 will continue to revise its policies, systems and governance on privacy and data protection, as well as implement requirements from regulations such as gdpr.
connecting human rights defenders.
tele2 strongly believes in freedom of speech.
we are therefore proud to partner with civil rights defenders and provide their important natalia project with our global iot connectivity.
read more about the natalia project and our partnership.
safeguarding an open internet.
net neutrality.
net neutrality is a core part of the eu regulation 2015/2120, known as the telecoms single market regulation.
to ensure an open internet, the regulation contains both rights and obligations.
the end user’s right to an open internet, which cannot be limited through agreements or commercial offers.
an obligation for suppliers of internet connectivity services to handle all traffic over the internet equally, however reasonable traffic guiding actions can under certain circumstances be allowed.
suppliers of internet connectivity services are able to apply traffic guiding actions outside of what could be considered reasonable, only if it is necessary to.
a) fulfil legal requirements, rulings or certain regulatory decisions, b) maintain security and integrity in the network, the services that are forwarded and the end users’ terminal equipment, c) prevent an imminent overload of the network or to ease the effects of exceptional or temporary overload of the network, under the condition that traffic from similar categories are treated similarly.
the right of internet and content providers to provide other services than internet access services with optimized quality, under the condition that sufficient capacity is available in the networks.
transparency demands for online services.
tele2 fully complies with said net neutrality regulation, and the guidelines on interpretation and application of the regulation provided by ”berec guidelines on the implementation by national regulators of european net neutrality rules”, bor (16) 127, and will continue to do so.
while other swedish mobile operators have been challenged by the swedish regulator regarding their practice concerning net neutrality, tele2 has never been that.
read more about net neutrality and swedish operators in this report by the swedish regulator.
privacy and integrity are not only about how we use data.
governments make rules which allow them to ask for access to our customers’ communications or data, for example to prevent terrorist attacks.
but we always think carefully before we implement such rules, especially when it comes to customer data.
we consider our customers' fundamental rights to privacy, integrity and freedom of expression extremely important, and we will fight for them if necessary.
take for example the landmark ruling of the european court of justice on data retention, referred to as the tele2 case.
we were told to retain and upon request give access to the communications data of all our customers, for example detailed information on tele2´s customers’ use of their services.
we successfully argued that keeping that data on all our customers for the period demanded was not a proportionate infringement of their right to privacy and should therefore not be allowed.
the law was overturned by the highest european court, a victory for the privacy of our customers of which we are proud.
in october 2019, a new swedish data retention law entered into effect.
the swedish government made changes to the old law to make it compatible with the tele2 judgement.
storage times have been limited, the scope of the legislation is reduced, data must be stored in the eu and a prosecutor has to give approval before data is being accessed.
tele2 does normally cooperate with authorities that want to have special access to our systems and information in order to combat crime and terrorism.
but our requirements is that it has to done on a legal basis and applied in a way that is justified and proportionate.
so we will continue to take a stance to defend our own interests and those of our customers when governments propose disproportionate laws, or when authorities request information in a way that is incompatible with fundamental human rights.
tele2 privacy policy.
tele2 customers can get more detailed information from the tele2 operation they are a subscriber with, for example the local privacy policy that applies to them.
for more information on our privacy and data protection, feel free to read the tele2 sweden privacy policy.
our company.
about tele2.
join us.
sustainability.
investors.
news and media.
our financials.
financial summary.
the share.
ownership structure.
reports and presentations.
financial calendar.
downloads.
media bank.
don't miss anything.
site map.
about cookies on tele2.
com.
this website uses cookies to provide the best possible user experience.
by accepting you consent to cookies being used.
read more about cookies here.
necessary cookies.
these cookies are essential for the site to work and provide you with a better user experience.
cookies for analysis purposes.
from the data that we collect via google analytics, we can see and analyse the use of the site over time, and produce aggregated and anonymised statistics in order to develop the site and to continue to offer you the best possible experience.
read more in our cookie policy.
third party marketing cookies.
on some pages we use youtube videos, which uses cookies for marketing purposes.
read more in our cookie policy.
