shop.
cart.
my account.
products                     all products the gift guide.
all products.
the gift guide.
genius what.
the genius gossip.
features.
shop.
cart.
productsall productsthe gift guide.
all products.
the gift guide.
genius what.
the genius gossip.
features.
privacy policy.
also see our terms of service.
your privacy is extremely important to us.
our number one concern is our customer loyalty, satisfaction, and a safe shopping experience.
all payments made are processed by authorize.
net, one of the world's leading payment processors.
we do not store any credit card data on file, nor do we ever retain access to the full credit card number.
rest assured, your privacy is protected.
the genius pack trademark and patents filed are property of genius brands llc.
email marketing.
with your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other cool promotions.
how do you get my consent.
when you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
if we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, for instance marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
how do i withdraw my consent.
if after you opt-in, and you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at .
disclosure we may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our terms of service.
payment authorize.
net payment gateway adheres to the standards set by pci-dss as managed by the pci security standards council, which is a joint effort of brands like visa, mastercard, american express and discover.
pci-dss requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
accessibility.
we are committed to making sites accessible for all, including people with disabilities.
we are continuously improving the service we provide through our accessibility link in the footer to comply with increased accessibility standards, guidelines, and to make the browsing experience better for everyone.
we use the web content accessibility guidelines (wcag) defined requirements to improve accessibility for people with disabilities.
it defines three levels of conformance.
level a, level aa, and level aaa.
accessibly app is following the best guidelines and is partially conformant with wcag 2.
0 level aa.
simply click the accessibility link in the footer.
any questions regarding our ada and wcag compliance, should be directed to .
third-party services in general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
however, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
for these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
in particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us.
so if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
as an example, if you are located in canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the united states, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under united states legislation, including the patriot act.
once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this privacy policy or our website’s terms of service.
links when you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site.
in that case, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of websites other than .
google analytics.
we use google analytics to help us learn about who visits our site and what pages are being looked at.
security to protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
if you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (ssl) and stored with a aes-256 encryption.
age of consent  by using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
our website is pci compliant.
data privacy.
our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our services, to administer your use of the services (including your account, if you are an account holder), and to enable you to enjoy and easily navigate our services.
the types of personal information we may collect (directly from you or from third-party sources) and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with genius pack and the requirements of applicable law.
some of the ways that genius pack may collect personal information include.
you may provide personal information directly to genius pack through interacting with the services, by making a purchase, participating in surveys, during events such as sweepstakes, and requesting services or information.
as you navigate the services, certain passive information may also be collected about your visit, including through cookies and similar technologies as described below.
we endeavor to collect only that information which is relevant for the purposes of processing.
below are the ways we collect personal information and how we use it.
this privacy policy does not apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if they are accessible through our services.
all individuals whose responsibilities include the processing of personal information on behalf of genius pack are expected to protect that data by adherence to this privacy policy.
this privacy policy is intended to meet requirements globally, including those in north america, europe, apac, and other jurisdictions.
what we collect.
genius pack collects information regarding its current, prospective, and former clients, customers, users, visitors, guests, and employees.
(collectively “individuals”).
information you provide directly to us.
when you use the services or engage in certain activities, such as registering for an account with genius pack, making an online or in-store purchase, responding to surveys, requesting services or information, or contacting us directly, we may ask you to provide some or all of the following types of information.
creating an account with us.
when you make a purchase online, we will automatically create an account for you.
to create an account, we’ll collect certain information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, postal address and phone number, as well as other optional information you may provide like the type of clothing you prefer.
communications with us.
we may collect personal information from you such as email address, phone number or mailing address when you choose to request information about our services, create an account, register for genius pack’s newsletter or a loyalty program that we may offer from time to time, request to receive customer or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us.
from time to time, we may contact you to participate in online surveys.
if you do decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include personal information.
all information collected from your participation in our surveys is provided by you voluntarily.
we may use such information to improve our products, sites and/or services and in any manner consistent with the policies provided herein.
posting on the site.
you may post reviews of your purchases on genius pack’s site.
you should be aware that, when you disclose information about yourself in on genius pack’s site, the site will collect the information you provide in such submissions, including any personal information.
if you choose to submit content to any public area of the site, such content will be considered “public” and will not be subject to the privacy protections set forth herein.
registration for sweepstakes or contests.
occasionally, genius pack may run sweepstakes and contests.
we ask those who enter in the sweepstakes or contests to provide contact information (e.
g.
, an e-mail address).
if you participate in a sweepstakes or contest, your contact information may be used to reach you about the sweepstakes or contest, and for other promotional, marketing and business purposes.
all sweepstakes/contests entry forms will provide a way for participants to opt-out of any communications that are not related to awarding prizes.
automatic data collection.
our servers automatically record certain information about how individuals use our services (we refer to this information as “event data”).
event data may include information such as an individual’s internet protocol (ip) address, cookie identifiers, mac address, imei, advertiser id, and other device identifiers that are automatically assigned to your computer or device when you access the internet, operating system, browser type and language, hardware type, the web page that a user was visiting before accessing our services, the pages or features of our services to which a user browsed and the time spent on those pages or features, search terms, the links on our services that a user clicked on and other statistics.
we use event data to administer the services and we analyze (and may engage third parties to analyze) event data to improve, customize and enhance our services by expanding their features and functionality and tailoring them to individuals’ needs and preferences.
we may use a person’s ip address to generate aggregate, non-identifying information about how our services are used.
location information.
we may collect and store information about your location by converting your ip address into a rough geo-location.
we may use location information to improve and personalize our services for you.
if you do not want us to collect location information, you may disable that feature on your mobile device.
information submitted via services.
you agree that genius pack is free to use the content of any communications submitted by you via the services, including any ideas, inventions, concepts, techniques, or know-how disclosed therein, for any purpose including developing, manufacturing, and/or marketing goods or services.
genius pack will not release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other information to us unless.
(a) you grant us permission to do so.
(b) we first send notice to you that the materials or other information you submit to a particular part of a service will be published or otherwise used with your name on it.
or (c) we are required to do so by law.
creating an account with us.
when you make a purchase online, we will automatically create an account for you.
to create an account, we’ll collect certain information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, postal address and phone number, as well as other optional information you may provide like the type of clothing you prefer.
communications with us.
we may collect personal information from you such as email address, phone number or mailing address when you choose to request information about our services, create an account, register for genius pack’s newsletter or a loyalty program that we may offer from time to time, request to receive customer or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us.
from time to time, we may contact you to participate in online surveys.
if you do decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include personal information.
all information collected from your participation in our surveys is provided by you voluntarily.
we may use such information to improve our products, sites and/or services and in any manner consistent with the policies provided herein.
posting on the site.
you may post reviews of your purchases on genius pack’s site.
you should be aware that, when you disclose information about yourself in on genius pack’s site, the site will collect the information you provide in such submissions, including any personal information.
if you choose to submit content to any public area of the site, such content will be considered “public” and will not be subject to the privacy protections set forth herein.
registration for sweepstakes or contests.
occasionally, genius pack may run sweepstakes and contests.
we ask those who enter in the sweepstakes or contests to provide contact information (e.
g.
, an e-mail address).
if you participate in a sweepstakes or contest, your contact information may be used to reach you about the sweepstakes or contest, and for other promotional, marketing and business purposes.
all sweepstakes/contests entry forms will provide a way for participants to opt-out of any communications that are not related to awarding prizes.
automatic data collection.
our servers automatically record certain information about how individuals use our services (we refer to this information as “event data”).
event data may include information such as an individual’s internet protocol (ip) address, cookie identifiers, mac address, imei, advertiser id, and other device identifiers that are automatically assigned to your computer or device when you access the internet, operating system, browser type and language, hardware type, the web page that a user was visiting before accessing our services, the pages or features of our services to which a user browsed and the time spent on those pages or features, search terms, the links on our services that a user clicked on and other statistics.
we use event data to administer the services and we analyze (and may engage third parties to analyze) event data to improve, customize and enhance our services by expanding their features and functionality and tailoring them to individuals’ needs and preferences.
we may use a person’s ip address to generate aggregate, non-identifying information about how our services are used.
location information.
we may collect and store information about your location by converting your ip address into a rough geo-location.
we may use location information to improve and personalize our services for you.
if you do not want us to collect location information, you may disable that feature on your mobile device.
information submitted via services.
you agree that genius pack is free to use the content of any communications submitted by you via the services, including any ideas, inventions, concepts, techniques, or know-how disclosed therein, for any purpose including developing, manufacturing, and/or marketing goods or services.
genius pack will not release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other information to us unless.
(a) you grant us permission to do so.
(b) we first send notice to you that the materials or other information you submit to a particular part of a service will be published or otherwise used with your name on it.
or (c) we are required to do so by law.
information from other sources.
we may receive information about you from other sources, including through third-party services and organizations to supplement information provided by you.
for example, if you access our services through a third-party application, such as an app store or sns, we may collect information about you from that third-party application that you have made public via your privacy settings.
information we collect through app stores or sns accounts may include your name, your sns user identification number, your sns user name, location, sex, birth date, email, profile picture, and your contacts on the sns.
this supplemental information allows us to verify information that you have provided to genius pack and to enhance our ability to provide you with information about our business, products, and services.
how we use your information.
we acquire, hold, use, and process personal information about individuals for a variety of business purposes, including.
to provide products, services, or information requested.
genius pack may use information about you to fulfill requests for products, services, or information, including information about potential or future services, including to.
generally manage individual information and accounts.
respond to questions, comments, and other requests.
provide access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of genius pack’s services.
contact you to answer requests for customer support or technical support.
allow you to register for events.
generally manage individual information and accounts.
respond to questions, comments, and other requests.
provide access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of genius pack’s services.
contact you to answer requests for customer support or technical support.
allow you to register for events.
administrative purposes.
genius pack may use personal information about you for its administrative purposes, including to.
measure interest in genius pack’s products and services.
develop new products and services.
ensure internal quality control.
verify individual identity.
communicate about individual accounts and activities on genius pack’s services and systems, and, in genius pack’s discretion, changes to any genius pack policy.
send email to the email address you provide to us to verify your account and for informational and operational purposes, such as account management, customer service, or system maintenance.
process payment for products or services purchased.
process applications and transactions.
prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities.
enforce our terms.
measure interest in genius pack’s products and services.
develop new products and services.
ensure internal quality control.
verify individual identity.
communicate about individual accounts and activities on genius pack’s services and systems, and, in genius pack’s discretion, changes to any genius pack policy.
send email to the email address you provide to us to verify your account and for informational and operational purposes, such as account management, customer service, or system maintenance.
process payment for products or services purchased.
process applications and transactions.
prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities.
enforce our terms.
marketing genius pack products and services.
genius pack may use personal information to provide you with materials about offers, products, and services that may be of interest, including new content or services.
genius pack may provide you with these materials by phone, postal mail, facsimile, or email, as permitted by applicable law.
such uses include.
to tailor content, advertisements, and offers.
to notify you about offers, products, and services that may be of interest to you.
to provide services to you and our sponsors.
for other purposes disclosed at the time that individuals provide personal information.
orotherwise with your consent.
to tailor content, advertisements, and offers.
to notify you about offers, products, and services that may be of interest to you.
to provide services to you and our sponsors.
for other purposes disclosed at the time that individuals provide personal information.
or.
otherwise with your consent.
you may contact us at any time to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes, as further described in section 6 below.
research and development.
we may share aggregated information and non-identifying information with third parties for industry research and analysis, demographic profiling and other similar purposes.
we may contract with third parties who provide us with other information about you, which we may then combine with the information we receive from you.
we use this information to better provide our services, to customize our advertisements to you and other customers, and to provide direct marketing to you, including by mail.
from time to time, genius pack may perform research (online and offline) via surveys.
we may engage third-party service providers to conduct such surveys on our behalf.
all survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide.
the survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our services, various types of communications, advertising campaigns, and/or promotional activities.
if an individual participates in a survey, the information given will be used along with that of other study participants.
we may share anonymous individual and aggregate data for research and analysis purposes.
direct mail, email and outbound telemarketing.
individuals who provide us with personal information, or whose personal information we obtain from third parties, may receive periodic emails, newsletters, mailings, or phone calls from us with information on genius pack’s or our business partners’ products and services or upcoming special offers/events we believe may be of interest.
we offer the option to decline these communications at no cost to the individual by following the instructions in section 6 below.
services via mobile devices.
from time to time, genius pack may provide services that are specifically designed to be compatible and used on mobile devices.
genius pack will collect certain information that your mobile device sends when you use such services, like a device identifier, user settings, location information, mobile carrier, and the operating system of your device.
mobile versions of genius pack’s services may require that users log in with an account.
in such cases, information about use of mobile versions of the services may be associated with accounts.
in addition, genius pack may enable individuals to download an application, widget, or other tool that can be used on mobile or other computing devices.
some of these tools may store information on mobile or other devices.
these tools may transmit personal information to genius pack to enable individuals to access accounts and to enable genius pack to track use of these tools.
some of these tools may enable users to email reports and other information from the tool.
genius pack may use personal or non-identifiable information transmitted to genius pack to enhance these tools, to develop new tools, for quality improvement and as otherwise described in this privacy policy or in other notices genius pack provides.
anonymous and aggregated information use.
genius pack may use personal information and other information about you to create anonymized and aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the computer or device from which you access genius pack’s services, or other analyses we create.
anonymized and aggregated information is used for a variety of functions, including the measurement of visitors’ interest in and use of various portions or features of the services.
anonymized or aggregated information is not personal information, and genius pack may use such information in a number of ways, including research, internal analysis, analytics, and any other legally permissible purposes.
we may share this information within genius pack and with third parties for our or their purposes in an anonymized or aggregated form that is designed to prevent anyone from identifying you.
sharing content with friends or colleagues.
genius pack’s services may offer various tools and functionalities.
for example, genius pack allows you to provide information about your friends through our referral services, such as “invite a friend.
” our referral services may allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use our services.
email addresses that you may provide for a friend or colleague will be used to send your friend or colleague the content or link you request, but will not be collected or otherwise used by genius pack or any other third parties for any other purpose.
other uses.
genius pack may use personal information for which we have a legitimate interest, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, anti-fraud protection, or any other purpose disclosed to you at the time you provide personal information or with your consent.
cookies, pixels, and interest-based advertising.
we, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on our services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies (“technologies”) to automatically collect information through the services.
we use technologies that are essentially small data files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or other devices (referred to collectively as a "device") that allow us to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our sites, services, applications, messaging, and tools, and to recognize you across devices.
cookies are small text files placed in visitors’ computer browsers to store their preferences.
most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies.
however, if you do that, the site may not work properly.
pixel tags/web beacons.
a pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded on the site that collects information about users’ engagement on that web page.
the use of a pixel allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement.
social media widgets.
our website includes social media features such as the facebook “like” button and linkedin (that might include widgets such as the share this button or other interactive mini-programs).
these features may collect your ip address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
these social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website.
your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
we use google analytics, a service provided by google, inc.
(“google”), to gather information about how users engage with our services.
for more information about google analytics, please visit  you can opt out of google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the services by going to .
our uses of such technologies fall into the following general categories.
operationally necessary.
we may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies that are necessary to the operation of our sites, services, applications, and tools.
this includes technologies that allow you access to our sites, services, applications, and tools.
that are required to identify irregular site behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security.
or that allow you to make use of our functions such as shopping-carts, saved search, or similar functions.
performance related.
we may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies to assess the performance of our websites, applications, services, and tools, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how our visitors use our websites, determine if you have interacted with our messaging, determine whether you have viewed an item or link, or to improve our website content, applications, services, or tools.
functionality related.
we may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our sites, services, applications, or tools.
this may include identifying you when you sign into our sites or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed so that we may enhance the presentation of content on our sites.
advertising or targeting related.
we may use first-party or third-party cookies and web beacons to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our sites or on third party sites.
this includes using technologies to understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements and content that has been delivered to you, such as whether you have clicked on an advertisement.
if you would like to opt out of the technologies we employ on our sites, services, applications, or tools, you may do so by blocking, deleting, or disabling them as your browser or device permits.
third-party websites, social media platforms, and software development kits.
the site may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our site or other services.
these other domains and websites are not controlled by us, and genius pack does not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites or social media platforms.
we encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application with which they interact.
we do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications.
visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
genius pack’s services may include publicly accessible blogs, community forums, or private messaging features.
the site and our other services may also contain links and interactive features with various social media platforms (e.
g.
, widgets).
if you already use these platforms, their cookies may be set on your device when using our site or other services.
you should be aware that personal information which you voluntarily include and transmit online in a publicly accessible blog, chat room, social media platform or otherwise online, or that you share in an open forum may be viewed and used by others without any restrictions.
we are unable to control such uses of your information when interacting with a social media platform, and by using such services you assume the risk that the personal information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for any number of purposes.
we use third-party software development kits (“sdks”), such as the adjust inc.
sdk, as part of the functionality of our services.
third-party sdks may allow third parties including advertisers to collect your personal information to provide content that is more relevant to you.
third-party payment processing.
when you make purchases through the services, we process your payments through a third-party application.
the third-party application may collect certain financial information from you to process a payment on behalf of genius pack, including your name, email address, address and other billing information.
human resources data.
genius pack collects personal information from current, prospective, and former employees, their contact points in case of a medical emergency, and beneficiaries under any insurance policy (“human resources data”).
the human resources data we collect may include title, name, address, phone number, email address, date of birth, passport number, driver’s license number, social security number or other government-issued identification number, financial information related to credit checks, bank details for payroll, information that may be recorded on a cv or application form, language abilities, contact information of third parties in case of an emergency and beneficiaries under any insurance policy.
we may also collect sensitive human resources data such as details of health and disability, including mental health, medical leave, and maternity leave.
information about national origin or immigration status.
and optional demographic information such as race, which helps us achieve our diversity goals.
we acquire, hold, use and process human resources data for a variety of business purposes including.
workflow management, including assigning, managing and administering projects.
human resources administration and communication.
payroll and the provision of benefits.
compensation, stock plan administration, compensation analysis, including monitoring overtime and compliance with labor laws, and company recognition programs.
job grading activities.
performance and employee development management.
organizational development and succession planning.
benefits and personnel administration.
absence management.
helpdesk and it support services.
regulatory compliance.
internal and/or external or governmental compliance investigations.
internal or external audits.
litigation evaluation, prosecution, and defense.
diversity and inclusion initiatives.
restructuring and relocation.
emergency contacts and services.
employee safety.
compliance with statutory requirements.
processing of employee expenses and travel charges.
and.
acquisitions, divestitures, and integrations.
onward transfer—genius pack may disclose your information.
we may share your information as described in this privacy policy (e.
g.
, with our third-party service providers.
to comply with legal obligations.
to protect and defend our rights and property) or with your permission.
information shared with our services providers.
we may engage third-party services providers to work with us to administer and provide the services.
some of examples of these third-party’s services are payment processing, shipping, and handling returns.
these third-party services providers have access to your personal information only for the purpose of performing services on our behalf and are expressly obligated not to disclose or use your personal information for any other purpose.
when you make a payment, the third-party payment processor (e.
g.
, braintree, stripe, or cayan) receives your full payment information and we receive only a funding confirmation.
genius pack has executed appropriate contracts with the service providers that prohibit them from using or sharing personal information except as necessary to perform the contracted services on our behalf or to comply with applicable legal requirements.
business partners.
genius pack may share personal information with our business partners, and affiliates for our and our affiliates’ internal business purposes or to provide you with a product or service that you have requested.
genius pack may also provide personal information to business partners with whom we may jointly offer products or services, or whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you.
in such cases, our business partner’s name will appear, along with genius pack.
genius pack requires our affiliates and business partners to agree in writing to maintain the confidentiality and security of personal information they maintain on our behalf and not to use it for any purpose other than the purpose for which genius pack provided them.
displaying to other users.
the content you post to the site may be displayed on the site.
other users of the site may be able to see some information about you, such as your name if you submit a review.
we are not responsible for privacy practices of the other users who will view and use the posted information.
marketing – interest-based advertising and third-party marketing.
through our services, genius pack may allow third-party advertising partners to set tracking tools (e.
g.
, cookies) to collect information regarding your activities (e.
g.
, your ip address, page(s) visited, time of day).
we may also share such de-identified information as well as selected personal information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) we have collected with third-party advertising partners.
these advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit non-genius pack related websites within their networks.
this practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “online behavioral advertising.
we may allow access to other data collected by the site to facilitate transmittal of information that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you.
if you prefer that we do not share your personal information with third-party advertising partners, you may opt out of such sharing at no cost by following the instructions in section 6 below.
disclosures to protect us or others (e.
g.
, as required by law and similar disclosures).
we may access, preserve, and disclose your personal information, other account information, and content if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to.
(i) comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena.
(ii) respond to your requests.
(iii) protect yours’, ours’ or others’ rights, property, or safety.
(iv) to enforce genius pack policies or contracts.
(v) to collect amounts owed to genius pack.
(vi) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity.
or (vii) if we, in good faith, believe that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable.
in addition, from time to time, server logs may be reviewed for security purposes – e.
g.
, to detect unauthorized activity on the services.
in such cases, server log data containing ip addresses may be shared with law enforcement bodies in order that they may identify users in connection with their investigation of the unauthorized activities.
merger, sale, or other asset transfers.
if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract.
in such event, genius pack will endeavor to direct the transferee to use personal information in a manner that is consistent with the privacy policy in effect at the time such personal information was collected.
data transfers.
all personal information collected via or by genius pack may be stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the united states, the european union, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates or the servers of our service providers.
your personal information may be accessible to law enforcement or other authorities pursuant to a lawful request.
by providing information to genius pack, you consent to the storage of your personal information in these locations.
opt-out (right to restrict processing).
general.
we offer you choices regarding the collection, use and sharing of your personal information, and we’ll respect the choices you make.
please note that if you decide not to provide us with the personal information that we request, you may not be able to access all of the features of the services.
you have the right to opt out of certain uses and disclosures of your personal information.
where you have consented to genius pack’s processing of your personal information or sensitive personal information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and opt out of further processing by contacting even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal information regarding your activities on our sites and/or information from the advertisements on third-party websites for non-interest based advertising purposes, such as to determine the effectiveness of the advertisements.
email and telephone communications.
if you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails.
we will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt.
note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or services you have requested.
we may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding genius pack and our services and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.
g.
, communications regarding updates to our terms or this privacy policy).
we maintain telephone “do-not-call” and “do-not-mail” lists as mandated by law.
we process requests to be placed on do-not-mail, do-not-phone and do-not-contact lists within 60 days after receipt, or such shorter time as may be required by law.
mobile devices.
genius pack may occasionally send you push notifications through our mobile applications with notices that may be of interest to you.
you may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device.
genius pack may also collect location-based information if you use our mobile applications.
you may opt-out of this collection by changing the settings on your mobile device.
human resources data.
with regard to personal information that genius pack receives in connection with the employment relationship, genius pack will use such personal information only for employment-related purposes as more fully described above.
if genius pack intends to use this personal information for any other purpose, genius pack will notify the individual and provide an opportunity to opt-out of such uses.
“do not track”.
do not track (“dnt”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers.
dnt is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services.
please note that we do not respond to or honor dnt signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
cookies and interest-based advertising.
as noted above, you may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer or remove them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences.
please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications.
however, on many mobile devices, application users may opt out of certain mobile ads via their device settings.
the online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from our data partners and our other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs.
you can access these, and also learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy, at  or  and  you can also choose not to be included in google analytics here.
to be clear, whether you are using our opt-out or an online industry opt-out, these cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted out.
for example, if you have opted out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device.
you must separately opt out on each device.
advertisements on third-party websites that contain the adchoices link and that link to this privacy policy may have been directed to you based on anonymous, non-personal information collected by advertising partners over time and across websites.
these advertisements provide a mechanism to opt out of the advertising partners’ use of this information for interest-based advertising purposes.
rights of access, rectification, erasure, and restriction.
you may inquire as to whether genius pack is processing personal information about you, request access to personal information, and ask that we correct, amend or delete your personal information where it is inaccurate.
where otherwise permitted by applicable law, you may send an email to or use any of the methods set out in this privacy policy to request access to, receive (port), seek rectification, or request erasure of personal information held about you by genius pack.
please include your full name, email address associated with your account, and a detailed description of your data request.
such requests will be processed in line with local laws.
although genius pack makes good faith efforts to provide individuals with access to their personal information, there may be circumstances in which genius pack is unable to provide access, including but not limited to.
where the information contains legal privilege, would compromise others’ privacy or other legitimate rights, where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual’s privacy in the case in question or where it is commercially proprietary.
if genius pack determines that access should be restricted in any particular instance, we will provide you with an explanation of why that determination has been made and a contact point for any further inquiries.
to protect your privacy, genius pack will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your personal information.
data retention.
genius pack retains the personal information we receive as described in this privacy policy for as long as you use our services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
security of your information.
we take reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect the information that we collect from or about you (including your pii) from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
when you enter sensitive information on our forms, we encrypt this data using ssl or other technologies.
please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the internet or storing information is completely secure.
accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.
by using the site or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the site.
if we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the site or sending an e-mail to you.
you may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing.
international users.
by using the site, genius pack will transfer data to the united states.
by choosing to visit the site, utilize the services or otherwise provide information to us, you agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this privacy policy will be governed by the laws of california, united states and the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with genius pack or the site will be in accordance with the terms.
if you are visiting from the european union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your information to the united states and to processing of your data globally.
by providing your personal information, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this policy.
children’s privacy.
the services are not directed to children under 16 years of age, and genius pack does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 16 years of age.
if you are under the age of 18, you must have your parent’s permission to access the services.
if you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may alert us at if we learn that we have collected any personal information from children under 16, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
redress/compliance and accountability.
if you have any questions about our privacy practices or this privacy policy, please contact genius pack by email at we will address your concerns and attempt to resolve any privacy issues in a timely manner.
changes to our privacy policy and practices.
this privacy policy may change from time to time.
you understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated privacy policy if you use the services after the updated privacy policy is posted on the services.
if at any point you do not agree to any portion of the privacy policy then in effect, you must immediately stop using the services.
revision to the privacy policy.
any information that is collected via our services is covered by the privacy policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
we may revise this privacy policy from time to time in our sole discretion, so review it periodically.
if we make any material changes to this privacy policy, we’ll endeavor to notify you of those changes by posting them on the services or by sending you an email or other notification, and we’ll update the “last updated date” above to indicate when those changes will become effective.
posting of revised privacy policy.
if there are any material changes to this privacy policy, genius pack will notify you by email or as otherwise required by applicable law.
we will post any adjustments to the privacy policy on this web page, and the revised version will be effective immediately when it is posted (or upon notice as applicable).
if you are concerned about how your information is used, bookmark this page and read this privacy policy periodically.
new uses of personal information.
additionally, before we use personal information for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will endeavor to provide information regarding the new purpose and give you the opportunity to opt out.
where consent of the individual for the processing of personal information is otherwise required by law or contract, genius pack will endeavor to comply with the law or contract.
california privacy rights.
california law permits users who are california residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those parties.
genius pack does not share personal information with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
definitions.
the following capitalized terms shall have the meanings herein as set forth below.
“agent” means any third party that processes personal information pursuant to the instructions of, and solely for, genius pack or to which genius pack discloses personal information for use on its behalf.
“employee” refers to any current, temporary, permanent, prospective or former employee, director, contractor, worker, or retiree of genius pack or its subsidiaries worldwide.
“personal information” is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“individual”).
“process” or “processing” means any operation which is performed upon personal information, whether or not by automatic means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure, or destruction.
“sensitive data” or “sensitive personal information” is a subset of personal information which, due to its nature, has been classified by law or by policy as deserving additional privacy and security protections.
sensitive personal information includes personal information regarding eu residents that is classified as a “special category of personal data” under eu law, which consists of the following data elements.
(1) race or ethnic origin.
(2) political opinions.
(3) religious or philosophical beliefs.
(4) trade union membership.
(5) genetic data.
(6) biometric data where processed to uniquely identify a person.
(6) health information.
(7) sexual orientation or information about the individual’s sex life.
or (8) information relating to the commission of a criminal offense.
“third party” is any company, natural or legal person, public authority, agency, or body other than the individual, genius pack or genius pack’s agents.
for more, see our terms of service.
all products.
about.
packing tips.
contact us.
features.
accessibility.
register your product.
reviews.
returns.
warranty.
careers.
privacy.
my account.
students.
monthly giveaway.
each month one lucky fan gets a delivery of some pretty awesome genius pack products learn more.
we're social.
© 2022 genius pack.
a genius brands llc company.
all rights reserved.
