home.
about usabout uscompany backgroundnewsroomeventspolicies.
about us.
company background.
newsroom.
events.
policies.
productsoverviewintime® rtos– intime®  for windows*– intime®  distributed rtos– intime®  sdkevm® for windows*.
overview.
intime® rtos.
– intime®  for windows*.
– intime®  distributed rtos.
– intime®  sdk.
evm® for windows*.
resourcesresourcescase studiespresentations and videosknowledge baseguides and manualspolicies.
resources.
case studies.
presentations and videos.
knowledge base.
guides and manuals.
policies.
partnerspartnersmiddleware & protocol stackssw building blocksi/o & hardwareplatform vendorsdevelopment toolsmemberships & affiliations.
partners.
middleware & protocol stacks.
sw building blocks.
i/o & hardware.
platform vendors.
development tools.
memberships & affiliations.
my tenasysuser loginevaluation requestregister now.
user login.
evaluation request.
register now.
contact uscontact usenquiry.
contact us.
enquiry.
language.
search.
menumenu.
tenasys terms of use and privacy policy.
effective date.
may 25, 2018.
this privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for the tenasys corporation website ( associated internal customer datasets and its compliance with the european union general data protection regulation (“eu gdpr”).
this privacy policy applies to information collected by this website or through any communications between you and tenasys employees or representatives.
for clarity and compliance with the eu gdpr, this policy will notify you of the following.
what personally identifiable information is collected from you through the tenasys website.
how it is used.
and with whom it may be shared.
the choices that are available to you regarding the use of your personal information and data.
the security procedures in place to protect your information.
how you can correct any inaccuracies in your information.
registrationin order to use the user-specific features of the tenasys website, you must first complete the registration form.
during registration, you are required to provide your name, business email address, and company.
you will be required to confirm that the information entered is solely for the purposes of business contact with tenasys and contains no additional personal data.
this information is used to maintain your website account and, if applicable, to contact you about the products on tenasys’ website in which you have expressed interest and/or tenasys products owned by the company you represent.
tenasys confirms that the data we collect is relevant for use in our business relationships and we explicitly prohibit the collection of personal data beyond name and business contact details.
information collection, use and sharingtenasys is the sole owner of the information collected on this website.
tenasys only has access to information that you voluntarily give tenasys through our registration form, via email or other direct contact from you.
tenasys will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted tenasys.
tenasys may contact you via email in the future to tell you about new products or services unless you specifically request to opt out of said notifications as per the opt out terms set forth in this policy.
tenasys will not sell, loan, license, or rent your information to any person or business.
tenasys will not share your information with any third party outside of the tenasys organization unless you specifically authorize tenasys to do so.
passive data collectionlike most web-based services, tenasys automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser when you use the tenasys website.
the information that tenasys may collect with automated passive methods may include, but is not limited to, your ip address, cookie information, a unique device or user id, browser type, system type, the content and pages that you access on the website, the frequency and duration of your visits, and the “referring url” (i.
e.
, the page from which you navigated to the website).
tenasys shares this automated passive information with a gdpr compliant third party.
tenasys may also use cookies on the website to store session validators on your computer.
if tenasys directly combines any information gathered through passive means with personal information, tenasys treats the combined information as personal information under this privacy policy.
otherwise, tenasys uses information collected by passive means in aggregated forms only.
opting out of being contactedyou may opt out of non-business-critical contact from tenasys at any time by selecting the “opt out (no information emails)” check box on the profile page of the tenasys website.
however, if you are a designated contact for product updates, support, and/or licensing services, your ability to “opt out” of all communications may not be permitted.
cookiesthe tenasys website uses “cookies.
”  a cookie is a piece of data stored on a website visitor’s browser to help tenasys improve your access to the tenasys website and identify repeat visitors to the tenasys website.
removing the tenasys cookie while accessing the tenasys website by any means will degrade your experience and may prevent access to sections of the tenasys website.
having access and control of your informationyou can do the following at any time on the profile page after logging into the tenasys website.
you can also contact tenasys via the contact email address or phone number listed on the tenasys website and at the bottom of this document.
view your data.
tenasys will provide any data we have collected about you on request.
you can also view this data on the profile page on the tenasys website.
change/correct your data.
tenasys will update your data on request.
you can also update your information using the profile page on the tenasys website.
have your data deleted.
tenasys will delete any data saved about you, with the following exclusions required for business needs if you are or were a customer or acting on behalf of a customer of tenasys.
name provided, associated company, business transactions, correspondence, and business email address at time of company association.
contact tenasys regarding questions or concerns you have about tenasys’ use of your data.
additionally, any of tenasys’ actions taken to respond to the above will be in accordance with the laws and guidelines associated with eu gdpr.
securitytenasys takes precautions to protect your information.
when you submit information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
tenasys has appropriate security measures in place at tenasys’ physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that tenasys has collected from you.
any information disclosed to a third party is governed by the third-party’s business terms, privacy policy and security provisions.
tenasys will provide notifications as required by the eu gdpr in the event a data compromise occurs.
link disclaimerthe tenasys website contains links to other external websites.
tenasys is not responsible and assumes no liability for the privacy practices or the content of such external websites.
childrenthe children’s online privacy protection act (“coppa”) protects the online privacy of children under thirteen (13) years of age.
the tenasys website is not directed toward children under the age of 13, and tenasys requests that such children do not provide personally identifying information through the tenasys website.
additionally, tenasys does not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from any child under the age of 13.
if tenasys learns that personal information has been collected from any child under 13 years of age, then tenasys will take the appropriate steps to delete this information.
if you have any questions about this policy, please contact tenasysvia telephone at +1 (503) 748-4720or via email at *protected email*.
copyright © 2001-2022 tenasys corporation.
all rights reserved.
tenasys, intime, irmx and evm are registered trademarks of tenasys corporation.
*other trademarks and brand names are the property of their respective owners.
sitemap.
sales locations.
newsroom.
events.
policies.
tenasys uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, and personalize content.
read about how tenasys uses cookies by reading our privacy policy.
if you continue to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies by tenasys.
privacy preference center.
consent management.
privacy policy.
consent management.
when you visit the tenasys website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies.
this information might be about you, your preferences, or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to.
the information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience.
privacy policy.
