support.
developers.
blog.
careers.
global.
deutschland.
france.
日本.
대한민국.
中国.
platform.
solutions.
resources.
support.
partners.
company.
contact us.
general.
our principles.
exercise your rights.
cross-border processing.
information security.
general.
our principles.
exercise your rights.
cross-border processing.
information security.
privacy policy pdf.
privacy.
general statement.
teradata takes its privacy responsibilities very seriously.
our commitment to privacy and information security goes beyond what is written in our global privacy policy.
integrity, responsibility, being people-focused, and being dedicated to our customers and associates are among the core values that we apply to all aspects of our business and we demand the same standards of our workforce, supply chains and business partners.
we regularly train, set the tone and example from management, and communicate with our workforce about the standards and practices applicable to privacy at teradata.
overview.
on this web page, we have collected all relevant information regarding data privacy and information security at teradata so that our customers, employees, partners and suppliers can read about our commitment to, and requirements regarding, data privacy all in one place.
our partners and suppliers are required to comply with the principles of this global privacy policy, which is deemed incorporated into agreements we have with them.
below you will find a form that you can use to get in touch with our privacy team in case you have any questions or concerns.
our global privacy policy can be found here.
this is the key document that details teradata‘s commitment to protecting the personal information of our customers, employees and business partners.
contact information.
you can contact our privacy team under .
to contact our data protection officer for europe please send us an email at .
if you are a resident of california, usa, please contact us at please use this email to make requests related to the california consumer privacy act.
you may also leave a voice message via our toll free-telephone number 1 855-729-4835 and we will contact you.
more detailed contact information and guidance can be found in our global privacy policy.
eu-us and swiss-us privacy shield.
teradata corporation is certified under the eu-us privacy shield and the swiss-us privacy shield.
more information can be found in the global privacy policy and here.
cloud analytics as-a-service.
teradata ranked highest in gartner critical.
cloud analytics trends.
productsvantage overviewvantage consolecloud analyticscloud pricingconsultingdeployment optionsview all products.
vantage overview.
vantage console.
cloud analytics.
cloud pricing.
consulting.
deployment options.
view all products.
industriesautomotiveenergy & natural resourcesfinancial servicesgovernmenthealthcaremanufacturingretailtelcotravel & transportation.
automotive.
energy & natural resources.
financial services.
government.
healthcare.
manufacturing.
retail.
telco.
travel & transportation.
solutionsasset optimizationcustomer experiencefinance transformationoperational excellenceproduct innovationrisk mitigationsee all solutions.
asset optimization.
customer experience.
finance transformation.
operational excellence.
product innovation.
risk mitigation.
see all solutions.
trendsartificial intelligencebig dataclouddata analyticsdata lakedata managementdata sciencedata warehouseiot.
artificial intelligence.
big data.
cloud.
data analytics.
data lake.
data management.
data science.
data warehouse.
iot.
resourcesanalyst contentblogcase studiescertificationdata trends and insightsglossary of termslibrarywebinarswhite papers.
analyst content.
blog.
case studies.
certification.
data trends and insights.
glossary of terms.
library.
webinars.
white papers.
aboutabout teradatacareerscontact uscovid-19 responsecustomerseventsnewsroompartnersteradata academics.
about teradata.
careers.
contact us.
covid-19 response.
customers.
events.
newsroom.
partners.
teradata academics.
global.
deutschland.
france.
日本.
대한민국.
中国.
privacy.
terms of use.
legal.
support policies.
tracking consent.
