global.
markets.
career.
investor.
journalist.
customer online.
trustnest marketplace.
countriesamericaslatin americabrazilcanadamexicounited statesasia pacificaustraliachinaindiaindonesiajapanmalaysianew zealandrepublic of koreasingaporethailandvietnameurasiaturkeyeuropeaustriabelgiumdenmarkfinlandfrancegermanygreecehungaryitalylatvianetherlandsnorwaypolandportugalromaniaspainswedenswitzerlandunited kingdommiddle east & africaafricaegyptjordanmoroccoomanqatarsaudi arabiasouth africaunited arab emirates.
americaslatin americabrazilcanadamexicounited states.
latin america.
brazil.
canada.
mexico.
united states.
asia pacificaustraliachinaindiaindonesiajapanmalaysianew zealandrepublic of koreasingaporethailandvietnam.
australia.
china.
india.
indonesia.
japan.
malaysia.
new zealand.
republic of korea.
singapore.
thailand.
vietnam.
eurasiaturkey.
turkey.
europeaustriabelgiumdenmarkfinlandfrancegermanygreecehungaryitalylatvianetherlandsnorwaypolandportugalromaniaspainswedenswitzerlandunited kingdom.
austria.
belgium.
denmark.
finland.
france.
germany.
greece.
hungary.
italy.
latvia.
netherlands.
norway.
poland.
portugal.
romania.
spain.
sweden.
switzerland.
united kingdom.
middle east & africaafricaegyptjordanmoroccoomanqatarsaudi arabiasouth africaunited arab emirates.
africa.
egypt.
jordan.
morocco.
oman.
qatar.
saudi arabia.
south africa.
united arab emirates.
english.
français.
default.
high contrast.
search form.
you are here .
home.
privacy notice.
the protection of your personal data is of high importance to thales, therefore thales takes all reasonable care to ensure that your personal data is processed safely.
when visiting our website (“website”), you may share your personal data with thales (tour carpe diem, 31 place des corolles, cs 20001 - 92098 paris la défense)  (“thales”), acting as data controller.
what personal data do we collect from you.
website log data when you use this website .
including your ip address, the address of the web page you visited, your browser type and settings, the date and time of your access, how you used this website.
we may also collect information about the device you are using to access this website.
depending on the device you are using and its settings, this information may include the type of device, the device operating system, device settings, and unique device identifiers.
information you voluntarily provide in contact forms, registration forms and surveys, including (first and last) name, email address, telephone number and preferences and subscriptions to our newsletters.
what is your data used for.
your data is used for the following purposes .
communication .
enabling thales to address your requests and to respond to your messages.
sending e-mail newsletters.
provide you with content related to thales products, services and activities via e-mail.
enabling content downloads related to thales products, services and activities (e.
g.
white papers…).
personalizing your website visit.
customize content and recommend content on this website based on your interests and preferences.
enabling thales to address your requests and to respond to your messages.
sending e-mail newsletters.
provide you with content related to thales products, services and activities via e-mail.
enabling content downloads related to thales products, services and activities (e.
g.
white papers…).
personalizing your website visit.
customize content and recommend content on this website based on your interests and preferences.
marketing.
carrying out direct marketing, market research and surveys, via e-mail, sms, over the phone, through push notifications / pop-up banners, instant messaging, through an operator, through social media pages, regarding thales products, services and activities.
profiling.
creating a profile of you, by collecting and analyzing information on the preferences you select and choices you make, as well as your general activities on this website, to be able to provide you with relevant content, offers and services related to thales products, services and activities.
security.
guaranteeing the security of this website.
the provision of your personal data is optional.
should you decide not to provide your personal data, thales may be unable to provide you such requested services.
what is the legal basis for the processing of your personal data.
in order to carry out the processing activities specified therein, thales relies on.
its legitimate interest, which consists in proper communication and exchange of information between you and thales and in security of the website .
your consent, which you can withdraw at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based thereon before its withdrawal, for the processing related to certain marketing and profiling activities.
how long do we keep your personal data.
the log data we collect to ensure the security of this website are not kept longer than one year.
for the other above mentioned purposes, your personal data will be kept for no longer than three years after their collection.
who are the recipients of your personal data.
in the context of such processing, the recipients of all or part of your personal data will be the personnel of thales and other entities of its group in charge of the communication and the marketing, as well as some personnel of third parties, in charge of the hosting and maintenance of the website, all such recipients being located within the european economic area (eea) and in the countries referred to below.
is your personal data transferred out of the european economic area.
the sharing of your personal data with certain recipients may imply transfers of your data out of the european economic area (eea) in the countries where the entities of the thales group operate [included in the thales address book].
thales pays particular attention to the protection of your personal data.
thus, where such transfers out of the eea shall take place, thales first implements appropriate safeguards by signing the standard contractual clauses of the european commission with the entity out of the eea which processes your personal data.
you can obtain a copy of such clauses by addressing your request through one of the emails referred to below.
what is thales cookie policy.
please note that thales uses cookies while you are browsing this website.
you can learn more about the use of cookies by thales by visiting the cookies on thalesgroup page.
what are your rights related to your personal data.
please note that you have the right to access your personal data and to request that your personal data be rectified or deleted.
you are also entitled to request restriction of the processing of your personal data.
in addition, you have the right to ask for receiving, in a structured and standard format, your personal data that you provided to thales and which thales processes by automated means.
in case of any request or complaint, please use this form.
you can also contact our data protection officer by sending an email to the following address.
in any case, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority.
other privacy links.
thales dis privacy policies, including data privacy terms for former gemalto mobile applications.
defence and security.
digital identity and security.
aerospace.
space.
transportation.
market-specific solutions.
social networks.
linkedin.
twitter.
facebook.
youtube.
instagram.
contact us.
thales headquarters.
+33 (0) 1 57 77 80 00.
global.
markets.
career.
investor.
journalist.
customer online.
trustnest marketplace.
credits.
terms of use.
privacy notice.
sitemap.
accessibility.
partially accessible.
