privacy policy.
your privacy is important to us, and so is being transparent about how we collect, use, and share information about you.
this policy is intended to help you understand.
what information we collect.
name, email address, phone number, physical address.
name of the company, job title and other professional details like job role, industry, etc.
billing details for clients engaged in a business relationship.
opinions and other information submitted via our websites, surveys or other channels (for ex.
linkedin, twitter, fb & others).
we also may collect additional information that is related to you such as your computer’s operating system, browser, and your use of and activities on our websites.
when registering, subscribing or ordering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your.
name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.
you may, however, visit our site anonymously.
the content you provide through our products.
the services include the thingsboard demo, thingsboard pe demo, platforms you use, where we collect and store content that you add to the service.
this content includes any information about you that you may choose to include.
information you provide through our support channels.
the services also include customer support, where you may choose to submit information regarding a problem you are experiencing with a service.
whether you designate yourself as a technical contact, open a support ticket, speak to one of our representatives directly or otherwise engage with our support team, you will be asked to provide contact information, a summary of the problem you are experiencing, and any other documentation, screenshots or information that would be helpful in resolving the issue.
how we use the information we collect.
how we use the information we collect depends in part on which services you use, how you use them, and any preferences you have communicated to us.
below are the specific purposes for which we use the information we collect about you.
to personalize your experience - your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
to improve our website - we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
to improve customer service - your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
to process transactions - your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
to send periodic emails - the email address you provide for registration, subscription or order, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
to comply with applicable laws, safety, and property, and respond to lawful requests from public authorities.
if you post content on our social media channels, your participation may be shared on our website or our channels.
we generally retain information for so long as it is relevant to serve you.
data may persist in copies made for backup purposes.
thignsboard will respect your wishes not to receive marketing communications.
you can change your marketing preferences at any time by contacting us at [email protected].
how to delete your information.
if you subscribe to our newsletter, you can opt out at any time by using the unsubscribe links at the bottom of our emails.
our services give you the ability to delete all personal information from within the service.
you can completely delete your account and data by clicking ‘delete account’ button which is available on the user profile page.
please note, however, that we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, to complete transactions or to comply with our legal obligations.
how we store and secure the information we collect.
we implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
we offer the use of a secure server.
all supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via secure socket layer (ssl) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to.
keep the information confidential.
after a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.
) will not be stored on our servers.
how we use cookies.
thignsboard web site and our third-party partners, such as our advertising and analytics partners, use cookies and other tracking technologies (e.
g.
, web beacons, device identifiers and pixels) to provide functionality and to recognize you across different services and devices.
to opt-out of our use of cookies, you can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from websites you visit.
do we disclose any information to outside parties.
we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
this does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
we may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
however, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
our policy towards children.
the services are not directed to individuals under 16.
we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16.
if we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to delete such information.
if you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact our support services.
your consent.
by using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
changes to our privacy policy.
if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
contacting us.
if there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information available on the following web page.
