ifsec global directory is part of the informa markets division of informa plc                                    informa plcabout usinvestor relationstalent.
this site is operated by a business or businesses owned by informa plc and all copyright resides with them.
informa plc's registered office is 5 howick place, london sw1p 1wg.
registered in england and wales.
number 8860726.
categories.
company a-z.
latest.
get listed.
news.
events.
client login.
home.
companies.
tongfang (shenzhen) cloudcomputing technology co,.
ltd.
tongfang (shenzhen) cloudcomputing technology co,.
ltd.
tongfang shenzhen cloudcomputing technology co.
,ltd.
is part of tsinghua tongfang co.
,ltd.
which is established on 1997.
base on strong it background and experience collected on security industry, tongfang cloudcomputing was established on 2011 to combine cloud computing technology with traditional security system.
we offer full range hd network cameras from 1.
3mp, 2mp, 3mp and up to 5mp, hd network speed dome, hd real time recording nvrs from 4ch up to 128ch, also cmssoftware and mobile phone software, also we are the world first company who offer hardware encryption ip solutions which using our own designed encryption chipsets.
with over 200 passionate employees and strong r&d capabilities enable us to react swiftly to customer needs.
our aim is to become the most valuable partner for hd network video surveillance solutions.
tongfang (shenzhen) cloudcomputing technology co,.
ltdwebsitet.
+86 755 8667 7915.
tongfang(shenzhen)cloudcomputing technologyco,.
ltd13/f, tower a, financial technology buildingno.
11, keyuan road518057nanshan district, shenzhenchina.
data network security.
digital recording transmission.
dome camera.
dvr.
ip cameras.
list your business for free.
create a business listing on the uk's leading security and fire directory.
get the ifsec global newsletter.
the latest security and fire news, trends and insights.
news.
events.
get listed.
sign in.
contact us.
download media pack.
we use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience.
by clicking any link on this page you are giving your consent for us to set cookies.
