toshiba top menutopselect regionproducts and servicessustainabilitysustainability topenvironmentabout toshibaabout toshiba topcorporate informationirsustainabilityenvironmentcyber securitytechnologiesprocurementadvertisement / exhibitioncareersnews.
top.
select region.
products and services.
sustainabilitysustainability topenvironment.
sustainability top.
environment.
about toshibaabout toshiba topcorporate informationirsustainabilityenvironmentcyber securitytechnologiesprocurementadvertisement / exhibitioncareers.
about toshiba top.
corporate information.
ir.
sustainability.
environment.
cyber security.
technologies.
procurement.
advertisement / exhibition.
careers.
news.
select region.
products and services.
sustainabilitysustainabilityenvironment.
sustainability.
environment.
about toshibaabout toshibacorporate informationirsustainabilityenvironmentcyber securitytechnologiesprocurementadvertisement / exhibitioncareers.
about toshiba.
corporate information.
ir.
sustainability.
environment.
cyber security.
technologies.
procurement.
advertisement / exhibition.
careers.
news.
this page partially uses javascript.
this page may not operate normally when these functions are not supported by your browser or the setting is disabled.
​.
global top page.
privacy policy.
privacy policy.
toshiba corporation ("toshiba"), in accordance with its basic commitment and standards of conduct, engages in business activities that contribute to society, while endeavoring to earn the trust of all customers and meet the expectations of stakeholders.
toshiba protects personal data obtained from its stakeholders in the course of business activities appropriately in accordance with the following basic policy, recognizing that personal data is an important asset of each stakeholder and also an important asset for toshiba, leading to creation of new value.
1.
basic policy.
toshiba strictly observes the act on the protection of personal information and relevant laws, guidelines established by the government and other regulations.
toshiba has established the toshiba personal data protection program (the "program"), which toshiba carefully implements and maintains, while striving to continuously improve the personal data protection management system.
toshiba has established a management framework to protect personal data assigning a person in charge at each of its relevant divisions and ensures that all officers and employees recognize the importance of the program and comply with it.
toshiba utilizes personal data within the scope of the intended use that is clearly communicated to customers, and takes measures not to be used beyond the scope.
toshiba does not disclose or provide personal data provided by customers to third parties except with the consent of the customer from whom the personal data was obtained or when there is a legitimate reason.
while maintaining the accuracy and up-to-dateness of personal data, toshiba strives to prevent unauthorized access to personal data or the leakage, loss, or damage of personal data and continually enhances and remediates information security management.
toshiba responds to inquiries from customers concerning personal data or requests from customers for disclosure of personal data sincerely and without delay.
established.
may 30, 2000revised.
april 1, 2015.
toshiba corporation.
this basic policy applies to personal data held by toshiba corporation in japan.
concerning the privacy policies of toshiba's affiliates in japan or overseas subsidiaries, please find the websites of these companies.
2.
intended use of personal data.
with respect to the intended use of personal data which toshiba holds, please refer to the page of intended use of personal data.
when toshiba obtains personal data from customers on each products and services, toshiba clearly indicates in advance the purpose for which the personal data is intended to be used.
toshiba uses the information within the scope of the stated purpose of use.
when the need to use a customer's personal data for any purpose that goes beyond the stated purpose of use arises, toshiba notifies the customer to that effect and obtains the customer's consent before using the information for such purpose.
toshiba uses personal data which are contracted from other companies within the scope of the contract with the company.
3.
provision of personal data.
toshiba does not disclose customers' personal data to third parties except in the following cases.
when the customer has given a prior consent to the disclosure when complying with laws and regulations when disclosure is necessary for the protection of human life, human health or property and it is difficult to obtain the consent of the customer when toshiba consigns the handling of personal data to a third party within the scope necessary to achieve the purpose of use when another entity succeeds to the business of toshiba due to a merger, corporate separation, transfer of business or otherwise.
when the customer has given a prior consent to the disclosure.
when complying with laws and regulations.
when disclosure is necessary for the protection of human life, human health or property and it is difficult to obtain the consent of the customer.
when toshiba consigns the handling of personal data to a third party within the scope necessary to achieve the purpose of use.
when another entity succeeds to the business of toshiba due to a merger, corporate separation, transfer of business or otherwise.
when it is deemed that an inquiry from a customer concerning products, repairs, or service can be more appropriately dealt with by a toshiba affiliate or distributor, we may provide the customer's name, address, telephone number and other information to the affiliate or distributor on the basis of consent of the customer.
4.
procedures for requests for disclosure.
toshiba complies with the following requests from customers concerning the customer's personal data held by toshiba .
1) request for disclosure.
2) request for notification of the intended purpose .
3) request for correction.
4) request for addition.
5) request for deletion.
and 6) request for cessation of use or cessation of disclosure to third parties.
please refer to procedures concerning requests for disclosure etc.
for details of request procedures.
please note that there is a fee charged for requests for disclosure and requests for notification of the intended use.
5.
inquiries concerning personal data.
customers should direct inquiries or complaints concerning their personal data to the window of products and services with which they have registered the information (product inquiries).
inquiries when the window of products and services is unclear should be directed to inquiries to toshiba.
inquiries about the personal data protection policy in general should be directed from the page of inquiries concerning personal data protection at toshiba.
toshiba may record phone calls that we accurately understand comments or requests from customers.
6.
request to children under 16 years.
when children under 16 years provide their personal data to toshiba, they should provide them only after obtaining the consent of a parent or guardian.
7.
notice regarding websites of toshiba.
notice for use of servicesplease note that some services provided by toshiba (including services offered on websites operated by toshiba) may not be available if the customer does not provide personal data.
encryption of transmissionin case toshiba receives personal data from customers, the website uses encryption technology such as ssl (secure sockets layer) /tls (transport layer security) and the personal data of customers is protected.
it may not be possible to access the page from browsers that do not support ssl/tls or other technologies.
use of cookies and web beacons toshiba uses cookies and web beacons to provide better services on its websites.
for details, please refer to use of cookies, web beacons and other technologies.
notes for linkstoshiba disclaims any responsibility for the security of customers' personal data used on third parties' websites that are linked from toshiba websites.
please confirm the privacy policies of the linked websites of third parties.
8.
information on important changes and notices.
when important changes and notices on personal data arise, toshiba will post it to information.
9.
revisions.
from time to time toshiba may revise the personal data protection policy to better protect customers' personal data and to comply with changes in the applicable laws and regulations.
revised.
april 1, 2022.
inquiries concerning personal data protection at toshiba.
japanese.
global.
contact us.
japanese.
global.
