an erp solution for engineer to order manufacturers.
total eto solution.
product tour.
faq.
an erp solution for engineer to order manufacturers.
success stories.
testimonials.
new clients.
an erp solution for engineer to order manufacturers.
who we are.
partners.
careers.
news.
contact us.
an erp solution for engineer to order manufacturers.
white papers.
blog.
are you engineer to order.
privacy policy.
totaleto.
com privacy policy.
this privacy policy governs the manner in which the total eto website (“us”, “we”, or “our”) collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users (each, a “user”) of the  website (“site”).
this privacy policy applies to the site and all marketing communications by total eto inc.
personal information.
we may collect personal information from users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when users visit our site, register on the site, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features, or resources we make available on our site.
users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, phone number, company name, and other information about yourself or your business.
this includes information about you that is available on the internet, such as from linkedin, twitter, and google, or publicly available information that we acquire from service providers.
users may, however, visit our site anonymously.
we will collect personal identification information from users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us.
users can always refuse to supply personal identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain site related activities.
non-personal identification information.
when you visit the site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, ip address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device.
additionally, as you browse the site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the site, and information about how you interact with the site.
we refer to this automatically-collected information as “navigational information.
”.
this website does not monitor for or behave differently if your computer transmits a “do not track” or similar beacon or message.
how we use collected personal and navigational information.
totaleto.
com may collect and use users’ personal and navigational information for the following purposes.
to improve customer service.
information users provide helps us respond to their customer service requests and support needs more efficiently and improve our services.
to improve user experience.
we may use information in the aggregate to understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our site.
to improve our site.
we may use feedback users provide to improve our products and services.
to run a promotion, contest, survey, or other site feature.
we may use personal information to send users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
if at any time the user would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email, or user may contact us via our site.
to send periodic emails.
we may use the email address to send user information and updates pertaining to their requests.
it may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
if user decides to opt in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
if at any time the user would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or user may contact us via our site.
how we protect your information.
we adopt appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information stored on our site.
the security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100 percent secure.
while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
sharing your personal information.
in certain instances we may share your personal information, including name and email, with our trusted affiliates who are partnering with us in co-branded activities.
any instance where your information will be shared with a partner will be clearly indicated in the offer that you opt in to.
we do not sell users’ personal identification information to others.
we may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
we may use third-party service providers to help us operate our business and the site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys.
navigational information may be provided to third parties, such as google analytics for marketing, advertising, website hosting, website analytics tracking, or other uses.
personal data is collected for the following purposes and used for the following services.
data.
how we use it.
wordpress.
website hosting, website analytics, email marketing personal information and company information submitted via form fields on our site, such as name, email, job title, and phone number, and navigational information about how you are interacting with our website and cookies.
mailchimp.
this software helps us manage our database of business contacts and communicate with them via email, website chat, and phone.
personal information and company information, such as name, email, job title, and phone number, information about conversations with our team, and navigational information about how you are interacting with our website.
google.
google analytics, google webmaster tools, and google adwords are used to gather and report website analytics and market to our audience via advertisements.
navigational information about how you are interacting with our website.
google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
social networks.
linkedin is used to market to our audience, as well as to share content via share features on our blog.
personal information and company information, such as name, email, job title, and navigational information about how you are interacting with our website.
zoom.
we use zoom to broadcast live webinars, and we share your information with the platform to ensure that only registered users are accessing the webinar.
personal information and company information, such as name, email, job title, etc.
co-marketing partners.
when we partner with another trusted organization for a co-branded webinar, and you opt in to that specific offer, we’ll share the information that you provided when opting in with that partner.
personal information and company information, such as name, email, job title.
we may share your personal and navigational information with a successor if all or part of our business is sold, merged, dissolved, acquired, or in a similar transaction, or in the event of a corporate reorganization.
we may share your personal and navigational information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant, or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights, property, or safety.
we expect all third parties to respect the security of your information and to treat it in accordance with the law.
however, they each maintain their own privacy policies that are not governed by us.
global transfer.
totaleto.
com may transfer and access personal information from around the world, including the united states.
this privacy policy shall apply even if we transfer personal information and navigational information to other countries.
data retention.
when you provide your personal information to the site, we will maintain your personal information for our records for as long as they are needed to execute the interests listed above unless you ask us to delete this information.
we retain personal information that you provide us as long as we consider it potentially useful in contacting you about our services or as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements, and then we securely delete the information.
we will delete this information from the servers at an earlier date if you so request, as described in “your rights” below.
your rights.
you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted.
if you would like to exercise this right, please contact us via email at we will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your information within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action we have taken.
you may unsubscribe from our email communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our emails, by replying directly to the email and asking to unsubscribe, or by sending us an email at .
changes to this privacy policy.
total eto has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time.
when we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page.
we encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.
you acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
your acceptance of these terms.
by using this site, you signify your acceptance of this policy.
if you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site.
your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
contacting us.
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at.
total eto.
attn.
privacy603 michigan drive, unit 1oakville, on l6l .
this document was last updated on march 30, 2020.
home.
solution.
customers.
about.
engineer to order resources.
connect.
customer support.
