|.
niagara community.
|.
niagara resource center.
|.
tridium university.
|.
open automation solutions.
close.
products.
learn.
where to buy.
services & support.
close.
back.
see more.
see more.
close.
back.
did you know that your internet is out of date.
your browser is out of date, and may not be compatible with our website.
just click on the icons to download a compatible browser.
google chrome.
google chrome.
mozilla firefox.
mozilla firefox.
by closing this window you acknowledge that your experience on this website may be degraded.
privacy statement.
last updated december 2, 2021.
chinese translation.
introduction.
tridium, inc.
, a wholly owned subsidiary of honeywell international inc.
, (“company”, “our”, “us”, or “we”), is the "data controller" of the personal information we collect about you when you visit or use any of our websites, or use products, services and applications that are linked to this privacy statement (collectively, our “sites”).
this privacy statement explains how we collect, share and use your personal information collected in this way and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
when we interact with you, we may also provide you with additional privacy notices about specific processing activities or offer you additional choices about how the company processes your personal information at that particular point in time.
click on one of the links below to jump to the section that interests you.
our collection of informationour use of informationthe legal basis on which we process informationanonymizing informationhow long we keep informationdisclosure of informationinternational transferssecurityyour rightschildren's informationlinks to other websitescontact uschanges to this privacy statement.
our collection of information.
information collected directly from you.
we may ask you for personal information to provide a service or carry out a transaction that you have requested.
you may also provide personal information to us when you contact or engage with us (e.
g.
, with a comment, inquiry or customer support request, site visitors) or register for an account to use our sites.
this personal information may include.
identity data, such as your name, job title, company/organization name, e-mail address, telephone numbers and physical address (including street, city, state, postal or zip code, and/or country), photographs (including images of people).
registration data, provided by you when you register for an account to use our sites, account settings, including usernames and passwords for systems or applications, training records and certifications.
recruitment data, including information submitted in connection with a job application or inquiry (as described below).
·           business contact data, such as information related to other employees, owners, directors, officers, or contractors of a third-party organization (e.
g.
, business, company, partnership, sole proprietorship, non-profit, or government agency).
marketing and communications data, including your marketing preferences and your subscriptions to our publications.
financial information, including credit card or other financial account information for the purpose of enabling us to facilitate your purchase of company products and services that may be available on our sites.
export control information, such as your nationality, citizenship and country of residence, that allows us to determine your eligibility under export control regulations to receive information about certain technologies.
transaction data, including inquiries about and orders for our products and services and details of payments to and from you, including purchase order history and information needed to facilitate payment transactions and information about products or services purchased, installed, and launch activities.
event registration information, including information you provide when filling in e-registration forms.
andyour feedback, including surveys, recommendations, or other feedback from you about our sites as well as our products and services generally.
identity data, such as your name, job title, company/organization name, e-mail address, telephone numbers and physical address (including street, city, state, postal or zip code, and/or country), photographs (including images of people).
registration data, provided by you when you register for an account to use our sites, account settings, including usernames and passwords for systems or applications, training records and certifications.
recruitment data, including information submitted in connection with a job application or inquiry (as described below).
·.
business contact data, such as information related to other employees, owners, directors, officers, or contractors of a third-party organization (e.
g.
, business, company, partnership, sole proprietorship, non-profit, or government agency).
marketing and communications data, including your marketing preferences and your subscriptions to our publications.
financial information, including credit card or other financial account information for the purpose of enabling us to facilitate your purchase of company products and services that may be available on our sites.
export control information, such as your nationality, citizenship and country of residence, that allows us to determine your eligibility under export control regulations to receive information about certain technologies.
transaction data, including inquiries about and orders for our products and services and details of payments to and from you, including purchase order history and information needed to facilitate payment transactions and information about products or services purchased, installed, and launch activities.
event registration information, including information you provide when filling in e-registration forms.
and.
your feedback, including surveys, recommendations, or other feedback from you about our sites as well as our products and services generally.
when you do not provide requested information, we may not be able to provide you the requested service or complete your transaction.
information we collect automatically about you.
we collect certain information about your visit to our sites using cookies and similar tracking technologies.
we will always respect any legal rights you may have to prevent us doing this.
data collected in this way includes.
usage data, including information about how you use our sites, what pages you view, the number of bytes transferred, the links you click, the materials you access, your interactions with chatbots and other site features, the date and time you access the site, the website from which you linked to one of our sites and other actions taken within the sites.
andtechnical data, such as your internet protocol (ip) address, or other electronic device identifiers that may identify you, your browser type and capabilities and language and your operating system.
usage data, including information about how you use our sites, what pages you view, the number of bytes transferred, the links you click, the materials you access, your interactions with chatbots and other site features, the date and time you access the site, the website from which you linked to one of our sites and other actions taken within the sites.
and.
technical data, such as your internet protocol (ip) address, or other electronic device identifiers that may identify you, your browser type and capabilities and language and your operating system.
for information about the cookies and other similar tracking technologies we use on our sites, please refer to our cookie notice.
geo-location information.
for certain sites, with your consent, we may collect the precise, real-time location (i.
e.
, geo-location) of your mobile device.
this information will be used only for purposes of facilitating your use of the sites including by our service providers who may process this information in connection with providing services on our behalf.
if given, you may adjust this consent by managing your location services preferences through the settings of your mobile device.
information collected from third parties.
in accordance with applicable law, we may collect personal information about you from third parties, such as social media websites and applications and combine it with information we already hold, to help us improve and customize our sites to your preferences and for other purposes set forth in this privacy statement.
we may also collect your business contact information from your employer or other third parties to facilitate or otherwise engage in traditional business activities and similar administrative matters.
sensitive personal information.
some of the personal information we collect about you may be considered “sensitive” under applicable laws, which may include, depending on the circumstances, financial information, transaction information and tracking information.
our use of information.
we may use the personal information collected via our sites or when you contact us for purposes that include.
business contact data.
we collect and use business contact data to engage in communications or transactions, including for conducting due diligence regarding, or providing or receiving, a product or service.
for example, we may collect and use this business contact data in order to facilitate and manage orders, contracts, warranties, maintenance, and similar business functions, for credit analysis and collection purposes, to assist with our own internal compliance and legal requirements, and (if necessary) to defend our interests and claims.
services and transactions.
we may use your personal information to provide and facilitate the sale of products and services, deliver services to you or carry out transactions you have requested, including, but not limited to, providing information on company products or services you have purchased or otherwise use, registering purchased products, processing product orders, handling warranty claims, replacing product manuals, answering customer service requests and facilitating the use of our sites.
administering and protecting our business and sites.
we may use your personal information to administer and protect our business and our sites, including troubleshooting, system maintenance, customer support, security, reporting and hosting of data.
improving our business, sites, products and services.
we may use your personal information to perform business analyses or for other purposes that help us to develop and improve the quality of our business, sites, products and services (including new products and services), for example, by customizing our sites to your particular preferences or interests.
marketing.
in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, we may use your personal information to inform you of products or services which may be of interest to you, and to otherwise communicate with you about offerings, events and news, surveys, special offers, and related topics.
you are able to opt-out from marketing communications sent via e-mail at any time, free of charge by using the “unsubscribe” link in any e-mail marketing materials you receive from us, or by contacting us using the contact information listed in this privacy statement.
depending on your country of residence, you may also be able to opt out of other types of marketing communications.
please contact us using the contact information listed in the privacy statement for more information.
some jurisdictions provide individuals (e.
g.
, california residents) with the right to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for the third party’s direct marketing purposes.
for more information on our data disclosure practices for marketing purposes, please contact us in accordance with the instructions listed below.
interest-based advertising.
we collect data about your online activities and identify your interests so that we can provide advertising that is most relevant to you.
you can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from us as described in our cookie notice.
financial incentive and loyalty programs.
we collect and use personal information to maintain and administer our financial incentive and loyalty programs.
we use the personal information you provide in these programs to offer unique rewards, track your program status, and to facilitate the exchange of program points for products, promotional materials, training workshops, and other items.
to the extent permitted by law, we may also use any personal information that you provide in the context of a financial incentive program for any other purpose set forth in this privacy statement.
please review the terms and conditions of each financial incentive program in which you would like to register or participate as such terms and conditions may be narrowly tailored to the applicable program.
if you consent to participate in these programs, you may withdrawal that consent at any time by contacting us using the contact details at the end of this privacy statement or in accordance with the instructions set forth in the applicable program’s terms and conditions.
employment applications.
in connection with a job application or inquiry, you may provide us with information about yourself, such as a resume/curriculum vitae, professional references, information about education and job background, and information about professional training and certifications.
we and members of our group may use this information for the purpose of employment consideration, background checks and employment eligibility, and as otherwise set forth in any separate privacy statement or other notice made available to in connection with your application.
we may use a third party (e.
g.
, job recruiter) or social media platform to solicit, collect, and retain employment applications.
for more information, please read our applicant privacy notice.
research and analysis.
we may use your personal information to conduct development, research and analysis to help us analyze your purchasing preferences, identify the products and services that best meet your requirements and measure the effectiveness of the advertising we serve you.
enforcement.
we may use the personal information we collect in order to detect, prevent and respond to fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of our terms and conditions, violations of law or other misuse of our sites.
where permitted by law, we may combine the information that we collect via our sites with other information we hold about you (such as information about your use of our products and services) in order to offer you an improved and consistent customer experience when interacting with us or for other purposes set forth in this privacy statement.
the legal basis on which we process information.
where required by law, we will ensure there is a legal basis for the processing of your personal information.
in most cases our legal basis will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
contract.
the processing is necessary for the performance of the services we provide to you, or in order to take steps (at your request) prior to, and anticipation of, performing, such services.
legal obligation.
the processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, including compliance with applicable laws, regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders or subpoenas.
consent.
the processing is based on your consent to the processing of your personal information for one or more specified purposes (e.
g.
marketing).
legitimate interests.
the processing is necessary to meet our legitimate interests, for example to develop and improve our sites, products and/or services for the benefit of our customers.
or.
vital interests.
the processing is necessary to protect your vital interests (for example, health and safety reasons if you attend a meeting at a company location).
if you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please send an email to .
anonymizing information.
in accordance with applicable law, we may anonymize your personal information so that it can no longer be used to identify you.
anonymized information is not considered personal information and is therefore not subject to this privacy statement.
we may collect, use, aggregate and share anonymized information for any purpose.
how long we keep information.
the period during which we store your personal information varies depending on the purpose for the processing.
for example, we store personal information needed to provide you with products and services, or to facilitate transactions you have requested, for so long as you are a customer of the company or if you submit an employment application via our sites, we will retain details of your application as set forth in the privacy notice made available to you in connection with your application or as otherwise required by law.
in all other cases, in accordance with applicable law, we store your personal information for as long as is needed to fulfil the purposes outlined in this privacy statement, following which time it is either anonymized (where permitted by applicable law), deleted or destroyed.
disclosure of information.
we may share your personal information with selected third parties in accordance with applicable law, including as set out below.
our group companies.
we may share your personal information with our affiliates and group companies as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy statement.
service providers.
we may share your personal information with companies with which we have contracted to provide services on our behalf, such as hosting websites, conducting surveys, processing transactions, analyzing our sites and performing analyses to improve the quality of our business, sites, products and services.
we require these service providers to protect the confidentiality of your personal information.
distributors and other trusted business partners.
we may share your personal information with third parties that distribute our products and other trusted business partners for purposes that include allowing those third parties to send marketing communications to you.
such sharing of personal information for marketing purposes will be performed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
disclosure in connection with transactions.
in connection with certain transactions, we may disclose some or all of your personal information to financial institutions, government entities and shipping companies or postal services involved in fulfilment of the transaction.
disclosures in connection with acquisitions or divestitures.
circumstances may arise where for strategic or other business reasons the company decides to sell, buy, divest, merge or otherwise reorganize businesses in some countries.
we may disclose information we maintain about you to the extent reasonably necessary to proceed with the negotiation or completion of a merger, acquisition, divestiture or sale of all or a portion of the company’s assets.
disclosure for other reasons.
we may disclose personal information if required or authorized to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with legal requirements or with legal process served on us, to protect and defend our rights or property or, in urgent circumstances, to protect the personal safety of any individual.
international transfers.
we are a global organization and your personal information may be transferred to, held, stored or used across various locations worldwide such as the us, mexico and india and other countries in accordance with applicable law.
this means that when we collect your personal information it may be processed in countries that may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
however, we will always take reasonable steps to transfer or process your personal information in accordance with applicable laws in order to protect your privacy and to provide a level of protection of personal information that is comparable to that of your country of residence which include implementing the standard contractual clauses approved by relevant regulatory bodies.
for more information on the appropriate safeguards in place to protect your personal information, please contact us at .
security.
we are committed to protecting the security of your personal information.
we use technical and organizational measures to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information.
for more information on how we protect your personal information please contact us at .
your rights.
depending on applicable law, you may have certain rights with respect to your personal information.
you may have the right to access, request a copy, correct, update or request deletion of your personal information where applicable and practically viable.
you can object to the processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information.
you may have the right to request for an explanation about and not to have a decision made about you that is based solely on automated processing, including profiling if that decision produces legal effects about you or significantly affects you.
similarly, if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time.
withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
you may have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information.
the company does not sell your personal information to third parties for profit.
however, we do share or otherwise disclose your personal information to third parties in accordance with this privacy statement and our cookie notice.
for example, we engage with third parties to distribute our products, provide you with technical assistance, operate website analytical tools and features, and engage in marketing and sales of our products and services.
such activities may involve the disclosure of your personal information to third parties and may be considered a “sale” of data under certain (but not all) data protection laws.
you have the right to complain to a data protection authority responsible for overseeing compliance with data protection law in your jurisdiction about our collection and use of your personal information if you believe our processing of your personal information does not comply with data protection law.
for example, individuals in the eea have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority, a list of which can be accessed at.
we would however appreciate the chance to address your concerns, so please feel free to contact us regarding any complaint you may have.
we will not discriminate against individuals for exercising their data privacy rights.
we will facilitate your exercise of the rights that apply to you in accordance with applicable law.
however, even if your personal information is not afforded protection under, or otherwise subject to, a data protection law, we may seek to accommodate any request or inquiry you may have with regard to our data processing activities.
if you have questions about your rights or wish to exercise your rights, you can contact us at or submit privacy questions via our interactive webform at the following link.
children's information.
our sites are not directed to, and should not be used by, children under the age of sixteen (16) and we do not knowingly collect, use or sell information from such individuals.
if you are a minor as understood by laws of your country, please do not submit any personal information through our sites.
links to other websites.
our sites may contain links to third-party websites, products and services.
we have no liability or responsibility for those websites, products and services, their policies, or their collection or other processing of your personal information.
the practices of those third parties is governed by their own privacy policies.
we encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those third parties.
contact us.
if you have questions regarding this privacy statement or our handling of your personal information, would like to lodge a complaint, or wish to contact our data protection officer, please contact us using the contact information listed below.
we will promptly address your concern and strive to reach a satisfactory resolution.
interactive webform .
email .
mailing address .
honeywell privacy 4d5 115 tabor road morris plains, nj 07950toll-free number .
844 774 8634.
changes to this privacy statement.
we may occasionally update this privacy statement.
when we do, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of the privacy statement and take such additional steps as may be required by law.
last updated december 2, 2021.
sign up to receive exclusive communications about offerings, events, news, and related topics via email and other forms of electronic communication.
niagara framework.
niagara supervisor.
jace 8000.
niagara edge 10.
powered by niagara.
niagara analytics.
niagara cyber defense.
niagara enterprise security.
niagara drivers.
niagara video integration.
niagara community.
tridium university.
niagara resource center.
niagara marketplace.
niagara licensing.
niagara software.
careers.
linkedin.
twitter.
facebook.
youtube.
copyright © 2022 tridium, inc.
