how it works                by roleby teamby use casehow it workspricing.
by role.
by team.
by use case.
how it workspricing.
how it works.
pricing.
the platform                edge connectivitydata & analyticspluginsoverviewconnectorsmachine connectivityvisiongxp-readysecurity.
edge connectivity.
data & analytics.
plugins.
overviewconnectorsmachine connectivityvisiongxp-readysecurity.
overview.
connectors.
machine connectivity.
vision.
gxp-ready.
security.
industries                discrete manufacturingpharmaceuticals & biotechmedical devices & diagnosticsmachine shopsfood & beverageelectronicsautomotive & boatingaerospace & defense.
discrete manufacturingpharmaceuticals & biotechmedical devices & diagnosticsmachine shopsfood & beverageelectronicsautomotive & boatingaerospace & defense.
discrete manufacturing.
pharmaceuticals & biotech.
medical devices & diagnostics.
machine shops.
food & beverage.
electronics.
automotive & boating.
aerospace & defense.
library.
resources                tulip universitycommunityknowledge baseresource hubcase studiesebooksblogwebinarsevents.
tulip university.
community.
knowledge base.
resource hubcase studiesebooksblogwebinarsevents.
resource hub.
case studies.
ebooks.
blog.
webinars.
events.
login.
request a demo.
how it works    by roleby teamby use casehow it workspricing.
by role.
by team.
by use case.
how it works.
pricing.
the platform    edge connectivitydata & analyticspluginsoverviewconnectorsmachine connectivityvisiongxp-readysecurity.
edge connectivity.
data & analytics.
plugins.
overview.
connectors.
machine connectivity.
vision.
gxp-ready.
security.
industries    discrete manufacturingpharmaceuticals & biotechmedical devices & diagnosticsmachine shopsfood & beverageelectronicsautomotive & boatingaerospace & defense.
discrete manufacturing.
pharmaceuticals & biotech.
medical devices & diagnostics.
machine shops.
food & beverage.
electronics.
automotive & boating.
aerospace & defense.
library.
resources    tulip universitycommunityknowledge baseresource hubcase studiesebooksblogwebinarsevents.
tulip university.
community.
knowledge base.
resource hub.
case studies.
ebooks.
blog.
webinars.
events.
login.
request a demo.
terms of service.
privacy policy.
shipping & returns policy.
support policy.
acceptable use policy.
privacy policy.
last updated.
june 19, 2020.
tulip recognizes that your privacy is very important and we take it seriously.
this privacy policy (“privacy policy”) describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use, disclosure, and sharing of your personal information or personal data when you use tulip websites and/or services.
this privacy policy applies to our websites (the “websites”), including  as well as products and services (“services”) provided by tulip interfaces, inc.
and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively “tulip,” “we” or “us” or “our”) .
capitalized terms that are not defined in this privacy policy have the meaning given to them in our terms of service.
if you do not agree with the data practices described in this privacy policy, you should not use the websites or the services.
changes to this privacy policy.
we may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version online.
while we will notify you of any material changes to this privacy policy, we encourage you to review this privacy policy periodically.
we will provide notice of any material changes by doing one or more of the following.
(i) posting the changes on or through the services, (ii) sending you an email or message about the changes, or (iii) posting an update on our websites.
your continued use of the websites and services and/or continued provision of personal information to us will be subject to the terms of the then-current privacy policy.
contact us.
if you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of the information you provide us, please write to us by email at or by mail to tulip interfaces, inc.
, 561 windsor st.
, suite b204, somerville, ma 02143, attn.
privacy.
information we collect.
you are free to explore the websites without providing any personal information.
when you visit the websites, we may request that you provide personal information, and we collect navigational information.
often you are able to choose what information you provide, but from time to time we may require certain information in order to provide the services.
personal information.
“personal information” means any information that you voluntarily submit to us and that identifies you personally, including contact information, such as your name, e-mail address, company name, address, phone number, and other information about yourself or your business.
personal information can also include information about any transactions, both free and paid, that you enter into on the websites.
personal information may further include your ip address or other navigational information discussed further below if applicable.
navigational information.
“navigational information” means information about your computer and your visits to the websites such as your ip address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and pages viewed.
please see the “navigational information” section below.
content.
we collect and store content that you create, input, submit, post, upload, transmit, store or display in the process of using our products, services or websites.
such content includes any personal information or other sensitive information that you choose to include (“passively-collected personal information”).
analytics information.
we and our analytics provider collect and store analytics information when you use our websites and/or our products and services to help us improve our websites, products and services.
this analytics information consists of web browsing behavior collected through a combination of http beacons and cookies.
analytics information also consists of data we collect as a result of running queries against content across our user base for the purposes of generating usage data.
“usage data” is aggregated data about a group or category of services, features or users that does not contain personal information.
though we may happen upon sensitive or personal information as we compile usage data from content across user instances, this is a byproduct of our efforts to understand broader patterns and trends.
it is not a concerted effort by us to examine the content of any particular customer.
some of our products contain a feature that sends information about the version of the products on your systems (“system information”) to us.
system information includes information about (i) the server environment in which the product is operating.
os type and version, language and locale settings.
(ii) user client information, for example.
browser type and version, native client type and version, and client device specifications (e.
g.
screen resolution, os version, device type, etc.
).
you can disable our collection of analytics information from products via the administrator settings or by blocking collection at the local network level.
information about children.
the websites are not intended for or targeted at children under 13, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children under 13.
if you believe that we have collected information about a child under 13, please contact us at so that we may delete the information.
customer data.
tulip’s customers may electronically submit data or information to the services for hosting and processing purposes (“customer data”).
tulip will not review, share, distribute, or reference any such customer data except as provided in tulip’s terms of servce, or as may be required by law.
in accordance with tulip’s terms of service, tulip may access customer data only for the purpose of providing the services, preventing or addressing service or technical problems or as may be required by law.
tulip will additionally collect diagnostic information regarding your use of tulip software or hardware in order to help our engineers improve tulip products.
tulip acknowledges that you have the right to access your personal information.
if personal information pertaining to you as an individual has been submitted to us by a tulip customer and you wish to exercise any rights you may have to access, correct, amend, or delete such data, please inquire with our customer directly.
if you wish to make your request directly to tulip, please provide the name of the tulip customer who submitted your data to our services.
we will refer your request to that customer, and will support them as needed in responding to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
customer-generated content and applications.
without limiting the generality of this privacy policy, in addition to information gathered through its web sites or submitted to its services, tulip may obtain personal information through customer-generated applications running on the tulip player (“customer-generated applications”) that customers or their authorized individuals (“users”) create and run on customer or user devices (“devices”).
customer-generated applications may obtain information from, or access data stored on, devices to provide services related to the relevant customer-generated application.
for example, a customer-generated application may access a camera on a device to enable the user to upload photographs to the services.
customer-generated applications may provide tulip with information related to users’ use of the customer-generated application, information regarding users’ computer systems, and information regarding users’ interaction with customer-generated applications, which tulip may use to provide and improve the services.
for example, all actions taken in a customer-generated application may be logged, along with associated information (such as the time of day when each action was taken).
customers configure customer-generated applications and can upload content (“customer content”).
the information accessed or obtained by the customer-generated application on a device may be affected by the customer’s configuration.
you and anyone who is authorized to author your customer-generated applications ultimately control the nature of the customer content.
additionally, you and anyone who is authorized by you to interact with customer-generated applications can view the information displayed on customer-generated applications.
information accessed or obtained by the customer-generated application on a device may be accessible to the customer and its organization, depending on the intended functionality of the customer-generated application.
tulip may provide updated versions of its tulip player.
if device’s settings permit, those updates will be downloaded and installed automatically on the device.
by installing a tulip player on your device, you consent to the downloading and updating of that tulip player.
consent and use of collected information.
the use of any data collected is governed by the relevant current legislation in your region as well as this privacy policy.
should we wish to use the data for a purpose requiring your consent in accordance with such legislation, we will request your explicit consent in each case.
mere registration, use of our website, or recognition of this privacy policy does not obviate your explicit declaration of consent.
once given, you may revoke your consent at any time and/or object to future uses of your data.
this revocation may be communicated through use of the unsubscribe links provided in emails or by reaching out to the contacts provided at the bottom of this policy.
we never sell personal information.
we will never sell your personal information to any third party.
use of personal information.
in addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may use your personal information to.
improve your browsing experience by personalizing the websites.
communicate with you, including responding to your comments, questions, and requests.
providing customer service and support.
providing you with information about services, features, surveys, newsletters, offers, promotions, contests and events.
providing other news or information about us and our select partners.
and sending you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages.
send information (other than marketing communications) which we think may be of interest to you or that you have consented to receiving by post, email, or other means.
send you marketing communications relating to our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you.
process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including purchase confirmations and invoices.
provide and deliver products or services.
operate and improve our operations, systems, products, and services.
monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our products and services and for marketing or advertising purposes.
investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to our products and services, and other illegal activities.
and.
provide other companies with statistical information about our users – but this information will not include personal information of any kind or be used to identify any individual user.
in addition, we may share data with trusted partners to contact you based on your interest to receive such communications, help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, or provide customer support.
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except for these purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
use of navigational information.
we use navigational information as necessary to operate and improve the websites.
we may also use navigational information alone or in combination with personal information to provide you with personalized information about tulip.
customer testimonials and comments.
we post customer testimonials and comments on our websites, which may contain personal information.
we obtain each customer’s consent via email prior to posting the customer’s name and testimonial.
use of credit card information.
if you give us credit card information, we use it solely to check your financial qualifications and collect payment from you.
we use a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing.
service providers and third parties.
we employ other companies and people to provide services to visitors to our websites on our behalf and may need to share your information with them to provide information, products or services to you.
examples include our training, implementation and certification partners, and our data storage and marketing vendors, software providers, and credit card payment processing partners.
from time to time, tulip may partner with other companies to jointly offer products or services.
if you purchase or specifically express interest in a jointly–offered product or service from or through tulip, we may share your information in connection with your purchase or expression of interest with our partner(s).
these third parties have only limited access to your information, may use your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated to us not to disclose or use your information for other purposes.
engaging such third party service providers is often necessary for us to provide services to you, particularly where such companies perform roles such as payment processing or shipping.
in some cases these service providers are not strictly necessary, but help to improve our services by conducting research into how we could better service our users.
in such cases we have a legitimate interest in working with these third party service providers.
if you do not wish for your information to be shared in this manner, you may opt not to purchase or specifically express interest in a jointly offered product or service.
this privacy policy does not apply to the activities of third parties when they are collecting or using data for their own purpose or on behalf of others.
we are not responsible for the activities of these third parties.
we encourage you to review their privacy policies to understand how they use your information.
security of your personal information.
we have reasonable and appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures in place to help safeguard your personal information.
however, you should know that no company, including tulip, can fully eliminate security risks associated with personal information.
n there is no guarantee that your information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical or managerial safeguards and we are not responsible for third party circumvention of your privacy settings or our security measures.
to help protect yourself, use a strong password, do not use the same passwords to access your tulip accounts that you use with other accounts or services, and protect your usernames and passwords to help prevent others from accessing your accounts and services.
when sensitive personal information (such as a credit card information) is collected in our store, it is protected by our third-party e-commerce provider.
social media features.
our websites include social media features, such as the facebook like button and widgets, such as the “share this” button or interactive mini-programs that run on our sites.
these features may collect your ip address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our websites.
your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the companies providing them.
external websites.
our websites provide links to other websites.
we do not control, and are not responsible for, the content or practices of these other websites.
our provision of such links does not constitute our endorsement of these other websites, their content, their owners, or their practices.
this privacy policy does not apply to these other websites, which are subject to any privacy and other policies they may have.
public forums.
we may offer publicly accessible message boards, blogs, and community forums.
please keep in mind that if you directly disclose any information through our public message boards, blogs, or forums, this information may be collected and used by others.
we will correct or delete any information you have posted on our servers if you so request, as described in “opting-out and unsubscribing” below.
retention of personal information.
we retain personal information that you provide us only for as long as we consider it necessary to fulfil the purpose of storage requirements and provide service to the customer.
these services may be, for example, contacting you about our company, products or services as requested, or providing services to you.
we may also use the retained information to improve our services and ensure the websites are functioning properly.
if you no longer want tulip to use your information to provide the services to you, you may rescind consent as described below.
tulip may retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce agreements, and as otherwise described in this policy.
we also maintain log files for internal analysis purposes.
these log files are generally retained for a brief period of time, except in cases where they are used for site security and safety, to improve site functionality, or we are legally obligated to retain them for longer time periods.
if such log files are maintained for a longer time period, they are anonymized and are not associated with personal information.
we will remove this information from our servers at an earlier date if you so request, as described in “opting-out and unsubscribing” below.
in certain circumstances we may retain your personal information after you have closed your account or are no longer actively engaged with tulip.
for example.
we may retain your personal information after you have closed your account so that we can send you information about products, services and publications we think you may be interested in.
you can “unsubscribe” to receiving such messages or tell us you are no longer interested.
we may retain your personal information in order to protect our legal rights, or those of third parties, or to comply with the law.
and we may retain personal information about how you have used our products and services in order to improve and develop our business.
if you purchase products or services from us, we may retain your personal information for as long as we need to in order to provide you with customer service, or for compliance purposes, for example, in order to comply with our record keeping requirements.
if you have submitted a valid european union general data protection regulation data subject access request to exercise your right to be forgotten we will delete your personal data within 30 days of the request.
if you are an individual based in the european union you can request a copy of your personal data and you can update any incorrect information.
if you are an individual based in the european union, you can ask to have your personal data removed, or in some cases limit our processing of personal data.
this does not apply when we need to keep your personal data for legal reasons.
international transfer of information.
to facilitate our global operations, we may transfer and access personal information from around the world, including the united states.
if you are in the european union, or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, by providing your personal data to us, you consent to the transfer to, processing, and storage of your personal information in the united states and other countries, the privacy laws of which may be considered less strict than those of your region.
this consent applies in addition to other legal grounds for transfer, processing and storage of your personal information, such as for contract fulfillment purposes.
to the extent that tulip is deemed to transfer personal information outside of the european union we rely separately, alternatively, and independently on the following legal bases to transfer your information.
model clauses.
the european commission has adopted standard contractual clauses (also known as model clauses), which provide safeguards for personal information that is transferred outside of europe.
we often use these model clauses when transferring personal information outside of europe.
you can request a copy of our model clauses by emailing .
privacy shield.
tulip interfaces inc.
does not participate in privacy shield at this time.
however, we may rely on the eu-us privacy shield to transfer personal information to some of our third party service providers in the united states, where they may be certified to receive such information under the privacy shield program.
your rights as an individual based in the eu.
in compliance with the privacy shield principles, tulip commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.
european union individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our privacy shield policy should first contact tulip at .
access to your information.
you have the right to request a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
correcting your information.
we want to have accurate data.
please contact us if you think the personal data you provided to us is not up to date or correct.
deletion of your information.
you have the right to ask us to delete personal data about you if it no longer is required for the purpose it was collected, you have withdrawn your consent, you have a valid objection to us using your personal data, or our use of your personal data is contrary to law or our other legal obligations.
objecting to how we may use your information.
you have the right at any time to require us to stop using your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
in addition, where we use your personal data to perform tasks carried out in the public interest then, if you ask us to, we will stop using that personal data unless there are overriding legitimate grounds to continue.
restricting how we may use your information.
in some cases, you may ask us to restrict how we use your personal data.
this right might apply, for example, where we are checking the accuracy of personal data about you that we hold or assessing the validity of any objection you have made to our use of your personal data.
the right might also apply where this is no longer a basis for using your personal data but you don’t want us to delete the data.
where this right to validly exercised, we may only use the relevant personal data with your consent, for legal claims or where there are other public interest grounds to do so.
automated processing.
if we use your personal data on an automated basis to make decisions which significantly affect you, you have the right to ask that the decision be reviewed by an individual to whom you may make representations and contest the decision.
this right only applies where we use your personal data with your consent or as part of a contractual relationship with you.
withdrawing consent using your information.
where we use your personal data with your consent you may withdraw that consent at any time and we will stop using your personal data for the purpose(s) for which consent was given.
please contact us at to exercise any of the foregoing rights.
necessary for the performance of the contract between tulip and its customers.
tulip provides a voluntary service.
you can choose whether or not you want to use the services.
however, if you want to use the services, you need to agree to our terms of service , which set out the contract between tulip and its customers.
as we operate in countries worldwide (including in the us) and use technical infrastructure in the us to deliver the services to you, in accordance with the contract between us, we need to transfer your personal information to the us and to other jurisdictions as necessary to provide the services.
simply put, we can’t provide you with the services and perform our contract with you without moving your personal information around the world.
corporate events.
if we (or our assets) are acquired by another company, whether by merger, acquisition, financing, bankruptcy or otherwise, that company would receive all the navigational and other information gathered by tulip on the websites.
this information would continue to be governed by this privacy policy.
we may share your personal information with our current or future affiliates, which may include parent and subsidiary companies, joint ventures, or other companies under common control, in which case we will require our affiliates to honor this privacy policy.
we may also share personal information with our auditors, attorneys or other advisors in the connection with corporate functions.
compliance with legal process.
we may be required to disclose your personal information and/or information with respect to your use of our websites, products and services in response to lawful requests by governmental or regulatory agency or by court order, subpoena or other legal process or requirement, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, or if we reasonably believe that such disclosure is necessary (i) to investigate, prevent or take action with respect to suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies, (ii) to protect the safety of any person from death or serious bodily injury, (iii) to prevent fraud or abuse of our websites, products and services or infringement of our intellectual property rights in our websites, products and services, (iv) to enforce our terms of use or your agreements with us, or (v) to investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations.
cookies and web beacons.
our websites may use various software technologies including “cookies,” “web beacons” and “pixel tags.
” we use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience.
a cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web server.
cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
one of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time.
the purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page.
for example, if you personalize pages on our websites, or register for our store, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
“web beacons” or “pixel tags” are small pieces of code placed on a web page or within the body of an email to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page or viewing or opening an email.
for example, web beacons can be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page.
we may use web beacons on our websites from time to time for this and advertising purposes.
when you return to the same website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the features that you customized.
you have the ability to accept or decline cookies.
most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the websites.
we keep track of the pages you visit on the websites, in order to determine what parts of our store and the websites are the most popular.
this data is used to deliver customized content and advertising on the websites to visitors whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
we partner with third parties who may place cookies on your browser when you visit our websites, may send their own cookies to your cookie file, and may use those cookies to track and collect information about you and your online activities over time and across different websites, devices, and applications and to provide targeted advertising based on your interests and previous browsing history.
third party ad networks may automatically collect information about your visits to our websites and other websites, such as your ip address, your internet service provider, and the browser you use to visit our websites.
they do this using cookies, web beacons or other technologies.
this privacy policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies or web beacons and other technologies in third party advertising.
we encourage you to check the privacy policies of third party advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of cookies, web beacons and other technology.
consent and legitimate interests in processing.
certain cookie technologies are employed to make the websites function for their intended purposes.
by choosing to use our services after having been notified of our use of cookie technologies in the ways described in this policy, and, in applicable jurisdictions, through notice and unambiguous acknowledgement of your consent, you agree to such use.
log files.
tulip may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your zip code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites using log files.
log files may also include information regarding the success, failure of, or individual satisfaction with recent print jobs.
there is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by tulip.
this information can include.
your ip address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses.
this information is used by tulip for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the tulip website.
this temporary storage of personal information by the system is necessary to allow delivery of the website to the computer of the user.
to do this, the user’s ip address must be kept for the duration of the session.
the data is stored in order to ensure the functionality of the website.
in addition, the data is used to optimize the website and to ensure the security of our information technology systems.
an evaluation of the data for marketing purposes does not take place in this context.
the log files will be deleted or anonymized after a reasonable period, unless there is a need to keep the data for the aforementioned purpose due to specific events.
opting-out and unsubscribing, reviewing, correcting and removing your personal information.
if you provide us with your personal information, you have the following rights with respect to that information.
to review the user information that you have supplied to us.
to request that we correct any errors, outdated information, or omissions in user information that you have supplied to us.
to request that your user information not be used to contact you.
to request that your user information be removed from any solicitation list that we use.
to request that your user information be deleted from our records.
to opt out of being solicited by the websites or third parties to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at or by mail to tulip interfaces, inc.
, 561 windsor st.
, suite b204, somerville, ma 02143, attention.
privacy.
we will promptly change, correct, or delete your information.
without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you shall have the right to complain to a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state of your place of residence, employment or the place of the alleged infringement, if you believe that the processing of the personal data is violating the gdpr.
to unsubscribe from our communications.
you may unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our emails, or by sending us email us at or by sending us postal mail to tulip interfaces, inc.
, 561 windsor st.
, suite b201, somerville, ma 02143, attention.
privacy.
customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their account with us or our store as these communications are necessary for the completion of the services.
headquarters77 middlesex avenue, suite asomerville, ma 02145.
headquarters.
contact us.
platform.
platform overview.
data & analytics.
edge connectivity.
machine connectivity.
integrations & connectors.
deployment & security.
gxp & compliance.
workspaces.
plugins.
vision.
library.
app suites.
apps.
connectors.
widgets.
products.
edge devices.
edge io.
edge mc.
light kit.
plans.
resources.
resource hub.
university.
community.
knowledge base.
product roadmap.
tulip developer program.
blog.
contact sales.
company.
about us.
tulip experience center.
tulip labs.
careers.
press.
partners.
oss attribution.
terms of service.
privacy policy.
shipping & returns policy.
support policy.
acceptable use policy.
facebook.
twitter.
linkedin.
youtube.
