bank & investchecking & savingspersonal checkingbusiness checkingpersonal savingsyouth savings accountstotal account protectioninvesting & transfersinvestment servicesretirement accountsmoney transfers.
checking & savingspersonal checkingbusiness checkingpersonal savingsyouth savings accountstotal account protection.
personal checking.
business checking.
personal savings.
youth savings accounts.
total account protection.
investing & transfersinvestment servicesretirement accountsmoney transfers.
investment services.
retirement accounts.
money transfers.
borrow & insurehome loansvehicle loanscredit cardpersonal loansstudent loanssmall business loansgap insurancemechanical repair coveragepayment protection.
home loans.
vehicle loans.
credit card.
personal loans.
student loans.
small business loans.
gap insurance.
mechanical repair coverage.
payment protection.
toolsonline bankingmobile bankingmanage cardsloan payment portalblogglossary of banking termsforms & applicationscalculators.
online banking.
mobile banking.
manage cards.
loan payment portal.
blog.
glossary of banking terms.
forms & applications.
calculators.
aboutwhy ume.
statement of beliefsumehelpsmember discountsour staffcareersthe ume emu.
why ume.
statement of beliefs.
umehelps.
member discounts.
our staff.
careers.
the ume emu.
open an account.
privacy policy.
here at ume, we respect your online privacy and the security of your personal information greatly — because u matter to me.
the following online privacy notice has been created to inform you about our website and online information privacy practices, the types of information we collect, how we use this information — and to assure you that we keep very strict security procedures to protect you and your information.
the ume privacy policy includes the following.
covers your interaction with ume credit union, its affiliates, and companies engaged by ume and its affiliates to render online services when you visit any mobile or online site or application that we own, including, but not limited to, our website (umecreditunion.
com) and our mobile apps (“sites”).
describes the categories of personally identifiable information (“personal information”) that we may collect about you when you interact with or visit our sites.
describes the categories of other persons or entities with whom we may share your personal information.
discloses whether other parties may collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our sites.
describes the way you can review and request changes to any of your personal information that we collect.
describes how we will inform you of important changes to our privacy policy.
discloses how we respond to web browser “do not track” signals or other opt-out mechanisms.
discloses if we engage in the collection of your personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites.
makes clear that no action on your part is needed.
what information do we collect.
aside from collecting smiles from happy members and best of burbank awards, we collect personal information — and only as allowed by law.
we take your privacy very seriously and make the safeguarding of your personal information a top priority.
use of the internet makes it possible for other parties to collect data about your online activities over time and across different websites, including when you use our sites.
we may collect personal information when you enter data into an application for new products or services or when you use our products and services.
personal information may include your name, ume account number, home or other physical address, social security number, telephone number, and email address.
additionally, our sites may collect certain electronic data, such as your geolocation, ip address, and device identifier.
the ume mobile app periodically collects, transmits, and uses geolocation information to enable features that prevent fraudulent card use and send alerts, but only if you expressly authorize collection of such information.
geolocation information can be monitored on a continuous basis in the background only while the app is being used or not at all, depending on your selection.
you can change your location permissions at any time in your device settings.
with whom do we share the information we collect.
we may share your personal information with affiliates and third parties in accordance with the practices set forth in our privacy policy, available in our online banking portal.
we do not and will not sell your personal information, ever.
we may use or share information to enhance your experience on our sites, to help deliver our ads on your web browser, and to measure advertising campaign effectiveness.
we may also share your information as required to meet legal and regulatory obligations.
keeping your information up-to-date and accurate.
it is important that we have accurate and up-to-date information about you.
if you notice that your information is incomplete, inaccurate, or out of date, please contact us at (818) 238-2900 or visit us at our branch.
you can also review and request changes to certain personal information such as your email address, mailing address, and telephone number by logging into online banking and sending a secure message through our message center.
policy updates.
we may change our policy from time to time.
when we do, we will let you know by appropriate means, such as by posting the revised policy on this page with a new “last updated” date.
any changes to our policy will become effective when posted unless indicated otherwise.
how you can control your information.
our sites are designed for optimal viewing with cookies enabled (cookies are small text files that collect internet traffic data).
for example, cookies store your preferences for when you visit our site.
if your web browser settings allow cookies, our site will utilize them.
you may disable or remove cookies by accessing your web browser settings.
our site will still function without cookies, but some features may not work properly or as originally intended.
please note that due to a lack of consistent standards across browsers, our site may not respond to “do not track” browser settings.
we do not monitor your online activities after you leave our site.
we only use your personal information for certain purposes allowed by law (see section 3 and refer to our privacy policy), which you cannot limit.
you may, however, be able to opt out of certain advertisements.
data sharing.
although ume does not share your personal information with nonaffiliated third-party companies except as provided by our privacy policy, we are aware that you may choose to do so in order to use their services.
for example, you may have authorized some third-party companies to access your personal information and account data to offer financial information and services such as.
account aggregation (consolidating your financial account information from different sources), making payments via a website or mobile application, and tax preparation.
because these third-party companies have access to your personal information and account data and may use your account sign in credentials in order to provide the service, we recommend you use caution when granting such access to third-party companies.
some of these third-party companies may use other companies to assist them with providing services or with accessing your personal information or account data.
any one or all of these companies may be storing your personal information or account data.
ume is not responsible for the use or disclosure of any personal information or account data accessed by or on behalf of any company or person to whom you provide your ume sign in credentials or account information.
we do not control the privacy, security, or accuracy of your information that may be held by these third-party companies, which are governed by the third-party’s privacy policy and data security program.
we are also not responsible for any fees associated with these third-party services.
when you provide your sign in credentials to your ume account(s) to a third party, you will be deemed by us to have authorized all transactions or actions initiated by that third party using the access information you provided, whether or not you are aware of the specific transaction or action.
if you decide to revoke the access authority you previously gave to a third party, we strongly recommend that you change your ume password(s) to ensure that the party cannot continue to access your account.
for security and other reasons, ume reserves the right to block or disable third-party access to any account without notice.
additional information on our banking terms and conditions can be found in our mobile banking, online banking, and bill pay terms and conditions, available in our online banking portal.
contact us.
if you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please call us at (877) 344-4071 or (818) 238-2900 — or write to us at.
ume credit unionp.
o.
box 7767burbank, ca 91510-7767.
connectcontact uscareerssitemap.
connect.
connect.
contact us.
careers.
sitemap.
routing number3222-7413-2visitume credit union3000 w magnolia blvdburbank, ca 91505.
routing number.
routing number.
3222-7413-2.
visit.
visit.
ume credit union3000 w magnolia blvdburbank, ca 91505.
forms & legalforms & applicationsprivacy policytotal account protectionnmls id.
617265.
forms & legal.
forms & legal.
forms & applications.
privacy policy.
total account protection.
nmls id.
617265.
serving burbanknew & used auto loanscredit cardpersonal loansopen an account.
serving burbank.
serving burbank.
new & used auto loans.
credit card.
personal loans.
open an account.
your savings federally insured to at least $250,000 and backed by the full faith and credit of the united states government.
national credit union administration, a u.
s.
government agency.
you have opted out of all tracking, your settings have been updated to reflect this change.
we use cookies and other digital information to make site navigation easier, analyze site usage, and for marketing purposes.
to learn more about your options for opting out of digital tracking and information sharing, visit our ccpa privacy policy page.
all aboard.
next stop.
awesome information.
the following website isn’t operated by ume, but has some great stuff we think you’re going to love.
but because it’s off the ume path, our lawyers recommend we say the following….
by clicking on the “continue” link below, you will access a third-party site that is not operated by ume.
ume is not responsible for the content of that website.
ume does not represent either you, or the website operator, if you enter into a transaction.
privacy and security policy may differ from those practiced by ume, and you should review the alternate website’s polices.
