en fr es de it.
fr.
es.
de.
it.
contact us.
company about us careers contact.
about us.
careers.
contact.
en fr es de it.
fr.
es.
de.
it.
contact us.
company about us careers contact.
about us.
careers.
contact.
platform  control towerdriver managementcustomer experience.
control tower.
driver management.
customer experience.
solutions  retail & e-commercelogisticsbig & bulkygrocery delivery.
retail & e-commerce.
logistics.
big & bulky.
grocery delivery.
sustainability.
resources  blogcustomer storiesebooks, guides and moredemo on-demandapi documentationhelp center.
blog.
customer stories.
ebooks, guides and more.
demo on-demand.
api documentation.
help center.
partnership.
company  about urbantzcareerscontact.
about urbantz.
careers.
contact.
product demo.
en  fr es de it.
fr.
es.
de.
it.
privacy policy.
something we haven’t covered.
email us and we’ll get back to you.
valid as of.
19 october 2021.
1.
general.
this privacy policy (the « privacy policy ») sets out the data processing practices when you (« user » , « you » or « your » ) use our website  (the « website ») and the urbantz mobile application (the « mobile app »).
the website and the mobile app are owned and maintained by urbantz public limited company, with registered office at avenue louise, 251, 1050 brussels and registered with the crossroads bank of enterprises (rpm brussels) under number 0635.
807.
680, and with vat b0635807680 (« urbantz », « us », « we », or « our »).
if you have any requests concerning your personal data or any queries with regard to these practices please us contact at [email protected].
in this privacy policy, the term « personal data » refers to any information, used alone or in combination with other information, allowing to identify you either directly, such as your name and your email address, or indirectly such as information collected from your mobile device.
please carefully read the present privacy policy in order to understand how we use your personal data after it has been collected by us.
please read through this privacy policy before submitting any of your personal data to us.
you do not need to submit any of your personal data when browsing our website or mobile app.
if you do not want us to process your personal data, please do not submit any of your personal data on this website or mobile app.
please note, however, that without your personal data, you may not be able to use some of the services offered by the website.
this privacy policy may be updated from time to time in response to the evolution of legal, technical or commercial developments.
the date of the most recent revisions will appear on top of this page.
when we update our privacy policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, taking into account the importance of the changes we make.
we will obtain your consent for each important change made to this privacy policy if this is required by the applicable data protection law.
2.
when do we collect personal data.
through our website or external pages full controlled by us, we collect personal data from you through the use of online forms and every time you email us your details.
for examples.
register online or place an order for any of our products or services.
voluntary complete a customer surveyor provide feedback via email.
through our mobile app, we collect personal data when the user connects and every time the user uses the mobile app.
as a general rule, our clients (controller) appoint us as a processor to process personal data that is the subject of service agreements.
through the mobile app, we may process personal data necessary to perform our obligations under these service agreements and strictly in accordance with the documented instructions of our clients.
through cookies, we use cookies and other similar technologies to facilitate your browsing on our site by adapting it to your equipment or search engine, subject to your consent.
3.
what personal data do we collect form you.
when you use our website or external pages full controlled by us, we may collect the following categories of personal data from you.
-identification data (including your coordinates).
-information about your company.
-information about your computer or your mobile device (e.
g.
ip address or mac address), which we can collect automatically from your computer or mobile device.
-information about your behaviour on the website or external pages.
-information about your visit to our website (including urls, click-throughs, etc.
).
-the information you submit to us when you contact us.
when the user use our mobile app, we may collect the following categories of personal data.
– user location and delivery route data (urbantz requires location permission from the user to be able to collect the user location data in the background).
– information about the mobile device.
– the log files relating to the use of the mobile app.
the use of the mobile app is exclusively related to the services offered to our clients via service agreements.
4.
what do we do with personal data.
4.
1.
our website is primarily intended to promote our it solution, i.
e.
a logistic solution in which logistic actors will be able to collaborate, create tours, prepare them and follow their activities (hereinafter the “solution”).
our mobile app is primarily intended to provide the services foreseen in the service agreements concluded with our clients.
when you provide us with your personal data we use it as indicated hereunder.
– the management, the operation and the improvement of our website and our mobile app.
– sending you or other persons using the solution or website promotional or informational messages about the solution or the website.
you have the right at any time to stop urbantz to contacting you for marketing purposes.
– contacting you at your request to keep you informed of our activities.
-commercials prospects purposes.
you can let us know at any time that you no longer wish your personal data to be used for these purposes by sending an email to [email protected].
– statistical analysis.
-promoting our services via a frame present on a third party website (widget) or by means of messages to interested persons in which we indicate that you already use our services.
you can let us know at any time that you no longer wish your personal data to be used for these purposes by sending an email to [email protected].
– to make every effort to avoid or detect any fraudulent and / or illegal activities on the website and the mobile app.
4.
2.
your personal data is processed with your prior consent or for the purpose of fulfilling the contractual obligation of urbantz related to the services offered to its clients, as well as for the legitimate interests pursued by urbantz to ensure the legitimate expectations of other users in terms of security and trust.
in this case, we take care to preserve a proportionate balance between your fundamental rights and the legitimate interest of urbantz and its community of users.
5.
retention period.
in any case, we will not retain your personal data longer than is necessary for the proposed purpose of processing of your personal data as stated in this policy or as specified in the service agreements concluded with our clients.
when we do not have a legitimate business need to process your personal data, we will delete them or make them anonymous, or if this is not possible (for example, your personal data has been stored in backup archives), we store them safely and isolate them from further processing until removal is possible.
personal data of a prospect who doesn’t respond to any solicitation of urbantz for three (3) years are deleted.
6.
what do we pass your personal data to.
we do not share your personal data with other third parties outside our company without your prior consent.
we will only disclose personal data to government bodies and law enforcement agencies, if (i) required by law or (ii) to comply with judicial requests or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person.
we may also share personal data with external service providers which we use to help us offer the data processing services or who process the personal data for purposes described in this policy, or which are notified to you when collecting your personal data.
this concerns communications with third-party providers as well as other service providers we use as part of the services they provide to us, including support in areas such as hosting for example.
some of the service providers we use may be based in countries outside the european economic area (« eea »).
in such circumstance, we shall comply with all applicable laws and take steps to ensure that your personal data receive the same level of protection as within the eea, that is to say, they are stored and used according to our instructions and this policy and for the purposes we told you at the time of collection of your personal data.
in addition, we may transfer your personal data to (i) our auditors, advisors, legal representatives and similar agents in the course of providing consulting services to us for legitimate business purposes and pursuant to a contractual prohibition to use the personal data for other purposes or (ii) a potential buyer (and its agents and advisors), in connection with a proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of a part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer that he / she must use your personal data only for the purposes described in this policy.
as the user of the mobile app, your personal data may be shared with (i) the company that uses our services according to the service agreement signed with urbantz under which the user receives an access and (ii) urbantz’s subprocessors in order to fulfil our obligations under the service agreement.
7.
international transfers of personal data.
since the internet is a global environment, using the internet to collect and process personal data necessarily involves the transmission of data across international boundaries.
therefore, by browsing the website and by providing us personal data, you acknowledge our processing of your personal data on this basis.
this means that your personal data may be transferred and processed in countries other than the country where you reside.
these countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your own country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
more specifically, our servers are located in the eea and our service providers and partners operate across the globe or are located in the eea.
this means that when we collect your personal data, we can process it in all those countries.
however, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal data remain protected in accordance with this policy.
8.
cookies.
a cookie is a file containing small amounts of information which a website or application can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer or mobile device when you use a website or an application.
we use cookies to make it easier for you to visit the website and to allow us to understand what areas of the website are of interest to you.
for more information about cookies, please contact us at [email protected].
9.
linking to other websites.
the website or the mobile app may contain hyperlinks to websites or applications owned and operated by third parties.
these websites or applications have their own privacy policies and we urge you to review them.
they will govern the use of personal data you submit whilst visiting these websites or applications.
we do not accept any liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites or applications and your use of such websites or applications is at your own risk.
10.
security.
we maintain appropriate security measures to protect the personal data you provide to us through our website and mobile app against unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration, or destruction of the personal data.
please note, however, that perfect security does not exist on the internet.
therefore, while we endeavour to protect your personal data, as soon as personal data are transferred over the internet they may potentially be accessed and used by unauthorised parties.
11.
what are you data protection rights.
11.
1.
under current data protection laws, you have the following rights.
-you may access the personal data that urbantz holds about you and, in accordance with the applicable data protection legislation, oppose the processing of your personal data for reasons relating to your particular situation and ask us to limit the processing of your personal data.
-in addition, in certain circumstances, you have the right to request the portability, correction or deletion of your personal data.
it is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and up-to-date.
it is also your responsibility to ensure that your personal data is as accurate, complete and up-to-date as possible.
please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with urbantz.
-if we have collected and processed your personal data with your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time.
the withdrawal of your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we have performed prior to such withdrawal and will not affect the processing of your personal data on the basis of lawful grounds other than consent.
-you have the right to refuse urbantz communications that we send you at any time.
you can exercise this right by clicking on the link “unsubscribe” or “waiver” in the advertising emails we send you.
-if you have a complaint or concern about how we handle your personal data, we will endeavour to address those concerns.
also, all potential concerns about the data collected on the mobile app should be addressed to the company that uses the urbantz’s services according to the service agreement signed with urbantz under which the user receives an access.
if you believe that we have not sufficiently taken into account your complaint or concern, you have the right to complain to a data protection authority about the collection and use we make of your personal data.
for more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
11.
2.
please send your request to exercise your data protection rights as explained above, to [email protected] or [email protected] by attaching a copy of your identity card (only verso).
please note that requests are free of charge and that we will respond in accordance with the applicable data protection law within 1 month of receipt of the request.
however, in the case of a complex request, this period may be extended by 3 months (we will notify you of this extension of time by email after receipt of your request).
12.
questions.
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact.
[email protected], or this mailing address.
urbantz public limited company, avenue louise 251, 1050 brussels belgium.
platform.
control tower.
driver management.
customer experience.
sustainability.
solutions.
food and grocery.
retail and e-commerce.
big and bulky.
carriers.
resources.
customer login.
help center.
api documentation.
blog.
customer stories.
watch a demo.
webinars, guides, ebooks.
company.
about us.
contact us.
partnership.
careers.
legal.
terms and conditions.
cookie policy.
privacy policy.
sign up for updates and content.
follow us.
copyright 2022 urbantz sa.
all rights reserved.
