solutions                  worker safety                  damage prevention                  ticket management system.
worker safety.
damage prevention.
ticket management system.
platform.
industries                  gas utilities                  electric utilities                  oil and gas                  telecom and cable.
gas utilities.
electric utilities.
oil and gas.
telecom and cable.
resources                  all resources                  case studies                  blog.
all resources.
case studies.
blog.
about                  news and media                  news                  media                  anticipate conference                  careers.
news and media                  news                  media.
news.
media.
anticipate conference.
careers.
get in touch                  contact customer support                  speak with a product expert.
contact customer support.
speak with a product expert.
privacy policy.
last updated.
february 1, 2020.
urbint provides the website at urbint.
com and corresponding data service platform to allow our customers to access the content and services provided therein.
our privacy policy (“privacy policy”) is designed to help you understand how we collect, use, and share your personal information and to assist you in exercising the privacy rights available to you.
scope.
this privacy policy applies to personal information processed by us in our business, including on our website, data service platform, and other online or offline offerings (collectively, the “platform”).
i.
personal information we collect.
the categories of personal information we collect depend on whether you are a customer, user, applicant or visitor, and the requirements of applicable law.
information you provide to us.
account creation.
when you create a user account, we collect your name, email address, username, and password.
your communications with us.
we collect personal information from you such as email address, phone number, or mailing address when you request information about our platform, register for our newsletter, request customer or technical support, apply for a job, or otherwise communicate with us.
surveys.
we may contact you to participate in surveys.
if you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include personal information.
social media content.
we may offer forums, blogs, or social media pages.
any content you provide on these channels will be considered “public” and is not subject to privacy protections.
registration for sweepstakes or contests.
we may run sweepstakes and contests.
contact information you provide may be used to reach you about the sweepstakes or contest and for other promotional, marketing, and business purposes, if permitted by law.
in some jurisdictions, we are required to publicly share information of winners.
information collected automatically or from others.
automatic data collection.
we may collect certain information automatically when you use the platform.
this information may include your internet protocol (ip) address, user settings, mac address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers, details about your browser, operating system or device, location information, internet service provider, pages that you visit before, during and after using the platform, information about the links you click, and other information about how you use the platform.
information we collect may be associated with accounts and other devices.
in addition, we may automatically collect data regarding your use of our platform, such as the types of content you interact with and the frequency and duration of your activities.
we may combine your information with information that other people provide when they use our platform, including information about you when they tag you.
cookies, pixel tags/web beacons, analytics information, and interest-based advertising technologies.
we, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on the platform, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies (“technologies”) to automatically collect information through the platform.
technologies are essentially small data files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or other devices that allow us and our partners to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our platform.
cookies.
cookies are small text files placed in visitors’ computer browsers to store their preferences.
most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies.
however, if you do that, the platform may not work properly.
pixel tags/web beacons.
a pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded in the platform that collects information about users’ engagement on that web page.
the use of a pixel allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement.
analytics.
we may also use google analytics and other service providers to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our platform.
for more information about google analytics, please visit  you can opt out of google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the platform by going to .
information from other sources.
we may obtain information about you from other sources, including through third-party services and organizations to supplement information provided by you.
for example, if you access our platform through a third-party application, such as an app store, a third-party login service, or a social networking site, we may collect information about you from that third-party application that you have made public via your privacy settings.
information we collect through these services may include your name, your user identification number, your user name, location, gender, birth date, email, profile picture, and your contacts stored in that service.
this supplemental information allows us to verify information that you have provided to us and to enhance our ability to provide you with information about our business, products, and platform.
ii.
how we use your information.
we use your information for a variety of business purposes, including to.
fulfill our contract with you and provide you with our platform, such as.
managing your information and accounts.
providing access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our platform.
communicating with you about your account, activities on our platform, and policy changes.
undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service.
processing your financial information and other payment methods for products or platform purchased.
providing advertising, analytics, and marketing services.
providing platform on behalf of our customers, such as maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, and verifying customer information.
processing applications and transactions.
and.
allowing you to register for events.
analyze and improve our platform pursuant to our legitimate interest, such as.
detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity.
undertaking research for technological development and demonstration.
researching and developing products, services, marketing, or security procedures to improve their performance, resilience, reliability, or efficiency.
improving, upgrading, or enhancing our platform.
developing new products and platform.
ensuring internal quality control.
verifying your identity and preventing fraud.
debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
enforcing our terms and policies.
and.
complying with our legal obligations, protecting your vital interest, or as may be required for the public good.
provide you with additional content and platform, such as.
furnishing you with customized materials about offers, products, and platform that may be of interest, including new content or platform.
auditing relating to interactions, transactions, and other compliance activities.
and.
other purposes you consent to, are notified of, or are disclosed when you provide personal information.
use de-identified and aggregated information.
we may use personal information and other data about you to create de-identified and aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the computer or device from which you access our platform, or other analyses we create.
share content with friends or colleagues.
our platform may offer various tools and functionalities.
for example, we may allow you to provide information about your friends through our referral services.
our referral services may allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use our platform.
how we use automatic collection technologies.
we, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on the platform, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies to automatically collect information through the platform.
our uses of these technologies fall into the following general categories.
operationally necessary.
this includes technologies that allow you access to our platform, applications, and tools that are required to identify irregular site behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security or that allow you to make use of our functionality.
performance related.
we may use technologies to assess the performance of our platform, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how our visitors use the platform.
functionality related.
we may use technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our platform.
this may include identifying you when you sign in to our platform or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed.
advertising or targeting related.
we may use first-party or third-party technologies to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our platform or on third-party sites.
notice regarding third party websites, social media platforms, and software development kits.
the platform may contain links to other websites, and other websites may reference or link to our website or other platform.
these other websites are not controlled by us.
we encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each website and application with which they interact.
we do not endorse, screen, or approve and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications.
visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
our platform may include publicly accessible blogs, forums, social media pages, and private messaging features.
by using such platform, you assume the risk that the personal information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for any number of purposes.
in addition, social media buttons such as facebook, linkedin, twitter, and medium.
com (that might include widgets such as the “share this” button or other interactive mini-programs) may be on our site.
these features may collect your ip address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
these social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site.
your interactions with these features apart from your visit to our site are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
we may use third-party apis and software development kits (“sdks”) as part of the functionality of our platform.
apis and sdks may allow third parties including analytics and advertising partners to collect your personal information for various purposes including to provide analytics services and content that is more relevant to you.
for more information about our use of apis and sdks, please contact us as set forth below.
iii.
disclosing your information to third parties.
except as provided below, we do not share your personal information with the following categories of third parties.
we have not sold consumers’ personal information in the preceding 12 months.
service providers.
we may share any personal information we collect about you with our third-party service providers.
the categories of service providers (processors) to whom we entrust personal information include.
it and related services.
information and services.
payment processors.
customer service providers.
and vendors to support the provision of the platform.
business partners.
we may provide personal information to business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services.
in such cases, our business partner’s name will appear along with ours.
affiliates.
we may share personal information with our affiliated companies.
advertising partners.
through our platform, we may allow third-party advertising partners to set technologies and other tracking tools to collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.
g.
, your ip address, mobile identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day).
we may also combine and share such information and other information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) with third-party advertising partners.
these advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit third-party websites within their networks.
this practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “online behavioral advertising.
we may allow access to other data collected by the platform to share information that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you.
if you prefer not to share your personal information with third-party advertising partners, you may follow the instructions below.
disclosures to protect us or others.
we may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to.
comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena.
protect your, our or others’ rights, property, or safety.
enforce our policies or contracts.
collect amounts owed to us.
or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity.
disclosure in the event of merger, sale, or other asset transfers.
if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract.
international data transfers.
you agree that all information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the united states or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live.
we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected and require our third-party service providers and partners to have appropriate safeguards as well.
further details can be provided upon request.
iv.
your choices.
general.
you have certain choices about your personal information.
where you have consented to the processing of your personal information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and prevent further processing by contacting us as described below.
even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal information regarding your activities on our platform and for other legal purposes as described above.
email and telephone communications.
if you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails.
note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or platform you have requested.
we may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and our platform, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.
g.
, communications regarding the platform or updates to our terms or this privacy policy).
we process requests to be placed on do-not-mail, do-not-phone, and do-not-contact lists as required by applicable law.
mobile devices.
we may send you push notifications through our mobile application.
you may at any time opt out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device.
we may also collect location-based information if you use our mobile applications.
you may opt out of this collection by changing the settings on your mobile device.
“do not track”.
do not track (“dnt”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers.
please note that we do not respond to or honor dnt signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
cookies and interest-based advertising.
you may stop or restrict the placement of technologies on your device or remove them by adjusting your preferences as your browser or device permits.
the online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from data partners and other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs.
you can access these and learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy, at   and  separately make choices for mobile apps on a mobile device, you can download daa’s appchoices application from your device’s app store.
alternatively, for some devices, you may use your device’s platform controls in your settings to exercise choice.
please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device.
advertisements on third-party websites that contain the adchoices link may have been directed to you based on information collected by advertising partners over time and across websites.
these advertisements provide a mechanism to opt out of the advertising partners’ use of this information for interest-based advertising purposes.
your privacy rights.
in accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to.
access to/portability of personal data about you consistent with legal requirements.
in addition, you may have the right in some cases to receive or have your electronic personal data transferred to another party.
request correction of your personal information where it is inaccurate or incomplete.
in some cases, we may provide self-service tools that enable you to update your personal information or we may refer you to the controller of your personal information who is able to make the correction.
request deletion of your personal information, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
request restriction of or object to the processing of your personal information, including the right to opt in or opt out of the sale of your personal data to third parties, if applicable, where such requests are permitted by law.
if you would like to exercise any of these rights, please log into your account or contact us as set forth below.
we will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
to protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request.
v.
data retention.
we store the personal information we receive as described in this privacy policy for as long as you use our platform or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our platform, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
vi.
security of your information.
we take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us.
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
by using the platform or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the platform.
if we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the platform, by mail, or by sending an e-mail to you.
vii.
children’s information.
the platform are not directed to children under 17 (or other age as required by local law), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children.
if you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may contact us as set forth below.
if we learn that we have collected any personal information in violation of applicable law, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
viii.
other provisions.
supervisory authority.
if you are located in the european economic area or the uk, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law.
changes to our privacy policy.
we may revise this privacy policy from time to time at our sole discretion.
if there are any material changes to this privacy policy, we will notify you as required by applicable law.
you understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated privacy policy if you continue to use the platform after the new privacy policy takes effect.
ix.
contact us.
if you have any questions about our privacy practices or this privacy policy, or if you wish to submit a request to exercise your rights as detailed in this privacy policy, please contact us at.
urbint, attn.
legal636 broadway #1102, new york, ny 10012(212) 349-3354.
get in touch.
1270 ave of the americas,          7th fl- 1047          new york, ny 10020.
(347) 594-5695.
contact us.
request demo.
solutionsworker safetydamage preventionticket management system.
worker safety.
damage prevention.
ticket management system.
platform.
industriesgas utilitieselectric utilitiesoil and gastelecom and cable.
gas utilities.
electric utilities.
oil and gas.
telecom and cable.
resourcescase studiesblog.
case studies.
blog.
aboutnews and mediaanticipate conferencecareers.
news and media.
anticipate conference.
careers.
©2022 urbint.
privacy policy.
terms.
copyright policy.
linkedin.
twitter.
