responsive machines for flexible factories.
the future of manufacturing is dynamic, flexible human-machine collaboration.
veo freemove®.
applications that require the speed and strength of standard industrial robots also increasingly require human dexterity and versatility.
freemove® is a comprehensive 3d safeguarding solution that reduces the cost and complexity of human-robot collaboration.
freemove® north american certification march 2021.
veo freemove® is available to ship with iso 13849 certification for pld, category 3.
freemove® monitors workcells in 3d and implements dynamic speed and separation monitoring (ssm) as defined by iso 10218-2.
2011 and iso/ts 15066.
2016, enabling safe interaction between humans and robots.
the freemove® system includes 3d time-of-flight sensors (freemove sensors®), custom computing platform (freemove engine®) and  a software suite for installation and configuration (freemove studio®).
explore industry knowledge & applications.
once per quarter, we’ll be highlighting two to three members of the veo team who bring unique talent, experience, and an inspiring attitude to work every day.
this quarter, meet jason fall, senior automation controls engineer, and doug huston, senior application design engineer.
waltham, ma -- march 15, 2022 -- veo robotics, the industrial automation company that created freemove®, a comprehensive 3d safeguarding system for industrial robots that powers dynamic human-robot collaboration, has announced a partnership with gray solutions, a leading automation services provider for the food and beverage sector.
it’s been a big year for us here at veo robotics.
we’re reflecting on the exciting things that happened in 2021 and looking forward to 2022.
by patrick toner, director of product marketing, veo robotics.
this month, we’re excited to kick off our employee spotlight series.
once per quarter, we’ll be highlighting members of the veo robotics team who bring unique talent, experience, and an inspiring attitude to work every day.
meet jerry schneider, studio team lead and principal software engineer i, and valentina chamorro, senior hardware engineer.
by molly mccarthy, chief commercial officer, veo robotics.
our mission at veo has been focused on improving manufacturing flexibility by reducing the cost and complexity of human-robot collaboration.
we’ve made steps to get here through the unveiling of our flagship product freemove®, a safety-certified comprehensive 3d safeguarding system that implements dynamic speed and separation monitoring to allow safe and effective human-robot collaboration.
by alberto moel, vp of strategy and partnerships.
in our previous edition, we laid out a general model of human-robot collaboration driven by the manufacturing application’s process cycle time and the frequency of human interaction.
in today’s post we will quantify (through a simple case study) how the economic benefits of veo freemove increase with the application’s degree of collaboration.
by alberto moel, vp of strategy and partnerships.
now that veo freemove® is certified to iso 13849 pld cat 3, our blog is shifting to provide practical tools for customers and systems integrators on how to implement speed and separation monitoring (ssm) under the iso 10218 and iso/ts 15066 standards.
by alberto moel, vp of strategy and partnerships.
over the last two years, we have written about how flexibility in manufacturing is increasing in importance, how humans and machines working collaboratively increases flexibility, and how this flexibility has value.
by patrick sobalvarro, co-founder and ceo, clara vu, co-founder and cto, and scott denenberg, co-founder and vp of engineering, veo robotics.
we’re very pleased to announce today the launch of veo freemove®, our safety-rated, production-ready 3d safeguarding system for human-robot collaboration.
by alberto moel, vp of strategy & partnerships.
switching gears a bit, in today’s post we will be looking at a practical case study using freemove with our palletizer implementation and comparing it to a power and force limited robot.
ready to learn how freemove® can work for you.
talk to the team of experts at veo robotics about system application design and our certified integrator program.
working at veo robotics.
we are committed to.
responsibility to our customers.
excellence in our work.
and respect for each other.
great work gets done in a positive, supportive environment with teams of all kinds of people, or as the vulcans say, idic.
about veo robotics.
veo robotics is simplifying one of the hardest challenges in manufacturing.
human-machine collaboration.
our mission is to make manufacturing flexible from the workcell to the entire factory.
leadership team.
investors.
subscribe.
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.
we respect your privacy.
© copyright 2021 veo robotics, inc.
