vitanet, inc.
, stealthtag application privacy policy.
this privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'personally identifiable information' (pii) is being used online.
pii, as used in us privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context.
please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your personally identifiable information in accordance with the vitanet, inc.
, stealthtag application.
what personal information do we collect from the people that use the vitanet, inc.
, stealthtag application.
we do not collect information through the vitanet, inc.
, stealthtag application.
when do we collect information.
we collect information from you when you provide us with feedback on our products or services.
how do we use your information.
we may use the information we collect from you when you provide us with feedback, respond to a survey or marketing communication, or use certain other vitanet, inc.
, stealthtag application features in the following ways.
to ask for ratings and reviews of services or products.
how do we protect visitor information.
we only provide vitanet, inc.
, stealthtag application features and information.
we never ask for personal or private information like email addresses or credit card numbers.
third-party disclosure.
we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
third-party links.
we do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
google.
google's advertising requirements can be summed up by google's advertising principles.
they are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
.
we have not enabled google ad services such as adsense in the vitanet, inc.
, stealthtag application.
california online privacy protection act.
caloppa is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy.
the law's reach stretches well beyond california to require a person or company in the united states (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from california consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy.
- see more at.
.
according to caloppa we agree to the following.
users can use the vitanet, inc.
, stealthtag application anonymously.
once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our vitanet, inc.
, stealthtag application product page or as a minimum on the google play page where you can download the vitanet, inc.
, stealthtag application.
our privacy policy link includes the word 'privacy' and can be easily be found on the pages specified above.
users will be notified of any privacy policy changes.
on the vitanet, inc.
, stealthtag application privacy policy page.
users are able to change their personal information.
by emailing us.
how does the vitanet, inc.
, stealthtag application handle do not track signals.
we honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a do not track (dnt) browser mechanism is in place.
does the vitanet, inc.
, stealthtag application allow third-party behavioral tracking.
it's also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking.
coppa (children online privacy protection act).
when it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the children's online privacy protection act (coppa) puts parents in control.
the federal trade commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the coppa rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
we do not specifically market to children under 13.
fair information practices.
the fair information practices principles form the backbone of privacy law in the united states and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe.
understanding the fair information practice principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
in order to be in line with fair information practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur.
we will notify the users via email.
within 7 business days.
we also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law.
this principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
can spam act.
the can-spam act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
we collect your email address in order to.
to support your questions about the vitanet, inc.
, stealthtag application.
to be in accordance with canspam we agree to the following.
if at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at we will promptly remove you from all correspondence.
contacting us.
if there are any questions regarding vitanet, inc.
, stealthtag application privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
vitanet, inc.
1900 south norfolk street, suite 350san mateo, ca .
last edited on 2016-04-11.
