main navigation vopak.
com.
myspace.
myvopak.
home/.
disclaimer and privacy statement.
disclaimer and privacy statement.
at royal vopak privacy is a priority.
who we are.
this website contains general information with regard to koninklijke vopak n.
v.
and its divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates ("royal vopak").
such information is intended, but not guaranteed, to be correct, complete and up-to-date.
the information on the website is subject to change and is provided without any warranty, either expressed or implied as to quality, accuracy or fitness for a particular purpose.
the information must not be relied upon in connection with any investment decision, without prior verification by user.
information we collect when you use our website.
the information we collect is general in nature, including cookies (access to our website) and email addresses provided voluntary from your inquiries.
how we use this information and what are your rights.
in the event vopak collects personal data which are provided or filled out voluntarily by the website user, the data will be lawfully processed and only used for the purposes indicated, such as follow-up on requests and providing information.
in this sense, we have implemented our vopak privacy code (privacy code).
the privacy code explains and guarantees different gdpr (general data protection regulation) requirements associated with the processing of personal data.
we have in place procedures to ensure your privacy rights as they are stated under chapter iii gdpr and our privacy code, such as.
right to access to your personal data, right to have rectified your inaccuracies, right to object to the processing and withdraw your consent, right to be forgotten, right of data portability and the right to lodge a complaint to the supervisory authority.
when we share your information.
following to the aforementioned purposes and the closely related purposes the information will be shared with the koninklijke vopak n.
v.
systems/application/departments.
the information shall be shared with organizations, companies, individuals outside of vopak if one of following circumstances applies.
i) we have obtained your consent ii) legal reasons and contractual necessities iii) sharing is necessary for the protection of your vital interest iv) sharing is necessary for the vopak legitimate interest unless those interests are not overridden by the interests of fundamental rights and freedoms of vopak employees.
in order to safeguard the international transfers of your information within the same corporate group of entities affiliated to royal vopak, we have established our vopak binding corporate rules.
information on cookies.
we use cookies on this website.
by putting a small text file on your computer we can collect data about your use of our website, enabling us to optimize our services to you, the user.
only if you have provided prior consent, vopak will use google analytics' and drupal cookies.
for more information on google analytics cookie click here.
for more information on drupal cookies click here.
google analytics is a web-analysis service offered by google inc.
(google).
google analytics uses cookies to analyse the use that visitors make of the website.
google uses aggregated statistical information to provide vopak with information as to how visitors use our website.
google may only provide this information to third parties if google has a legal obligation to do so, or to the extent such third parties process the information on behalf of google.
for more information about google analytics please see here and here.
the content of this website is subject to copyright of royal vopak or its licensors.
users are not allowed to copy, transmit, distribute, display or create derivative works from any site content for commercial purposes.
links to other sites.
hyperlinks and iframe content directed to other websites and social media are intended only to draw the possible attention of the user of this website to those sites.
vopak has no control over such linked sites and a link to other websites does not imply an endorsement thereof, nor does this disclaimer and privacy statement extend to linked websites, regardless whether these are websites of subsidiaries, affiliates or third party websites.
data retention period.
the duration for which we retain your information depends on the purposes for which we collected and use it.
for example, for cookie information used in google analytics, we retain the information for 13 months.
applicable law.
this website, disclaimer and privacy statement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the netherlands.
any disputes shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent court in rotterdam, the netherlands.
disclaimer.
royal vopak cannot be held liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of (or the inability to use) this website or information contained in it or from any action or decision taken as a result thereof.
other vopak websites may contain disclaimers or terms and conditions, which are different from this disclaimer and privacy statement.
updates.
this privacy statement is effective as of 25th of may 2018 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
we reserve the right to update or change our privacy statement at any time and you should check this privacy statement periodically.
your continued use of the statement after we post any modifications to the privacy statement on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified privacy statement.
if you have any questions regarding our privacy statement or if you need to update, change or remove information, you can do so by contacting us.
written inquiries might be addressed to.
royal vopakchief privacy  officerwesterlaan 103016 ck rotterdam the netherlands.
our purpose and strategy.
our services.
terminal overview.
executive board.
global directors.
europe & africa.
asia & middle east.
china & north asia.
americas division.
vopak lng.
vopak agencies.
corporate governance.
careersatvopak.
com.
stakeholder engagement.
reports and presentations.
share price details.
shareholder information.
corporate governance.
financial calendar.
analyst coverage.
press release notification.
press & news releases.
contact us.
disclaimer & privacy statement.
vopak cookie policy.
security and access control privacy statement.
portaria anp nº 251/2000.
vopak responsible disclosure policy.
