please enable javascript in your browser for the site to function properly.
learn how ».
iot insights newsletter.
stay up to date with the latest news from the world of iotsubscribe now.
en.
fi.
services.
productsproductsiot-ticket®summium® cpqsummium® selectorecoreactionwrm247+canrunner.
products.
iot-ticket®.
summium® cpq.
summium® selector.
ecoreaction.
wrm247+.
canrunner.
careers.
customers.
news & events.
insights.
contactcontactcompanydocuments & media.
contact.
company.
documents & media.
change language.
en.
fi.
marketing register.
privacy notice.
eu general data protection regulation,articles 13 and 14prepared.
24 may 2018.
1.
data controller.
wapice ltdyliopistonranta 5fi-65200 vaasa, finlandbusiness identity code 1572040-6telephone.
+358 10 277 5000email.
.
2.
data controller’s representative.
data files related to marketing are managed by kaisa harju.
she can be reached at or +358 10 277 5000.
3.
contact data of the data protection officer.
sami kinnunentelephone.
+358 10 277 5000email.
.
4.
names of data files.
personal and contact data collected for marketing purposes.
5.
purpose of processing personal data.
we only collect and process personal data that is necessary for pursuing our business and managing customer relationships, as well as for appropriate commercial purposes.
we process your personal data for the following purposes.
marketing.
we only collect and process personal data that is necessary for pursuing our business and managing customer relationships, as well as for appropriate commercial purposes.
we process your personal data for the following purposes.
6.
legal basis for processing personal data.
the basis for processing business related personal data is legitimate interest.
7.
data content and storage limits.
personal data includes items such as name, company, address, phone number, email address, job title, type of customer relationship and additional information about customer.
the data is retained for five years after the end of the customer relationship.
8.
sources of processed personal data.
personal data can be obtained in several different ways.
we collect and process data that are.
provided by you when in contact with us.
generated when you visit our website or use our services/products.
obtained from other sources, such as third-party data sources.
we collect and process categories of personal data including.
basic information, such as name, job title and contact data (address, email and telephone number).
contacts with customers and related correspondence.
other data provided on a case-by-case basis subject to your consent.
9.
regular transfers and disclosures of data.
we may disclose your personal data, to the extent permitted by law, for wapice ltd’s internal use in the sale/marketing of products/services.
10.
transfer of data outside the eu or eea.
no personal data will be transferred outside the eu or eea.
11.
personal data protection policy.
in its role as controller, wapice uses appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect personal data against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against damage and loss.
manually processed data.
personal data is protected against unauthorised access and unlawful processing (e.
g.
destruction, modification or disclosure).
the processors are only allowed to process personal data they need to do their jobs.
any documents are stored in a locked space protected from outside parties.
documents are only printed when needed, and printouts are destroyed after use.
data processed automatically.
all data processing is based on access rights that depend on the person’s role and position in the organisation and, where applicable, permits granted by the person responsible for the data file.
the validity of the access rights is checked daily.
it systems and services are protected against unauthorised access in accordance with good practices in the field, their operational capability is secured to the extent necessary, and their life cycle is controlled.
12.
automated decisions.
automated decisions are not made.
13.
general rights of data subjects.
a data subject has the right to.
check what personal data is stored in the data file for him or her.
request that incomplete personal data be completed and that wapice rectify any inaccurate personal data without undue delay.
have their personal data erased without undue delay, provided thatthe personal data are no longer needed to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processedthe data subject withdraws his or her consent on which the processing is based, and there is no other legal ground for the processingthe personal data has been unlawfully processedthe personal data has to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in the european union or member state law.
the personal data are no longer needed to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
the data subject withdraws his or her consent on which the processing is based, and there is no other legal ground for the processing.
the personal data has been unlawfully processed.
the personal data has to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in the european union or member state law.
restrict and object to the processing, ifthe data subject contests the accuracy of his or her personal datathe processing is unlawful or the data subject opposes the erasure of his or her personal datathe controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but the data subject needs them to prepare, present or defend a legal claimthe data subject has objected to the processing of personal data pursuant to article 21(1) pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
the data subject contests the accuracy of his or her personal data.
the processing is unlawful or the data subject opposes the erasure of his or her personal data.
the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but the data subject needs them to prepare, present or defend a legal claim.
the data subject has objected to the processing of personal data pursuant to article 21(1) pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
withdraw his or her consent.
withdraw his or her consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal, if the processing of personal data is based on the consent of the data subject.
the data subject also has the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
a data subject may have the right to data portability if the data is such that this right is applicable.
the data protection officer will provide advice and guidance in matters related to the rights of data subjects.
14.
other relevant information.
the use of the service generates log entries used to manage the security of the service and to develop the technology behind the service, as well as to detect, prevent and resolve faults (information society code (917/2014), sections 138, 141, 144 and 272).
the logs are retained for these purposes for as long as necessary and will not be used for any other purpose.
15.
changes to the privacy notice.
wapice continuously develops its operations and reserves the right to update this privacy notice.
changes may also be based on changes in legislation.
we recommend that you review this notice from time to time.
in the case of major operating changes resulting in material changes in the privacy notice, we may also use other means to announce the matter before its entry into force.
this notice was last updated on 24 may 2018.
recruitment register.
recruitment register is currently available only in finnish.
please switch the language to fi (from the top right corner of this page) to view it.
we apologize for the inconvenience.
what we collect and receive.
in order for us to provide you the best possible experience on our websites, we need to collect and process certain information.
depending on your use of the services, that may include.
contact us via email — for example, when you inquire about our services, products or open positions, place order,  send us questions or comments, or report a problem, we will collect your name, email address, message, etc.
we use this data solely in connection with answering the queries we receive.
usage data — when you visit our site, we will store.
the website from which you visited us from, the parts of our site you visit, the date and duration of your visit, your anonymised ip address, information from the device (device type, operating system, screen resolution, language, country you are located in, and web browser type) you used during your visit, and more.
cookies — we use cookies (small data files transferred onto computers or devices by sites) for record-keeping purposes, analytics, leads, marketing and to enhance functionality on our site.
you may also deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies by changing the settings of your web browser.
cookies that are already stored may be deleted at any time.
no tracking cookies will be used on this website unless you opt-in to the use of cookies.
third party services we use.
let's get started.
generalproduct inquiriesmarketingrecruitment.
i agree with our privacy policy.
send.
please wait.
your message was sent successfully.
we will be in contact with you as soon as possible.
message was not sent.
form may not have been filled properly, please try again or email us directly at .
message was not sent, please try sending the message again or email us directly at .
vaasa (hq),.
vaasa (runsor),.
vaasa (energylab),.
helsinki,.
hyvinkää,.
jyväskylä,.
oulu,.
seinäjoki,.
tampere,.
turku.
iot-ticket.
