wattiq systemoverviewintelisocketsintelisensorsinteligatewaywattiq cloud.
overview.
intelisockets.
intelisensors.
inteligateway.
wattiq cloud.
marketsoverviewlife scienceseducationfacilities.
overview.
life sciences.
education.
facilities.
solutionsoverviewasset intelligenceenergy managementfreezer monitoring.
overview.
asset intelligence.
energy management.
freezer monitoring.
blog.
support.
companyabout uscareerstrust centercontact.
about us.
careers.
trust center.
contact.
wattiq online privacy policy.
wattiq dba ibis networks inc.
, headquartered in the u.
s.
, respects your privacy and is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals who interact with us, such as our website visitors, customers, business partners, leads and prospects, recipients of marketing communications, end users and event attendees (“you” and “your“).
this policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the web site and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
you visit, interact with or use any of our websites, social media pages, online advertisements, marketing or sales communications (our “online properties“).
you visit, interact with or use any of our offices, events, sales, marketing and other offline activities (our “offline properties“).
when we mean to refer to any combination of the above, we use the term “properties“.
this notice does not generally cover the personal information we automatically collect in connection with your use of the wattiq services.
for further details regarding the information collected and used by wattiq in connection with the provision of the services, see the wattiq end-user license agreement.
what information we collect from you.
we will collect personal information when you voluntarily provide it to us.
for example, we collect personal information when you order, register for (or to use) or request information about wattiq products, services or apps, subscribe to marketing communications, request support, complete surveys, provide in product feedback, or sign up for a wattiq event or webinar.
we may also collect personal information from you offline, such as when you attend one of our events, during phone calls with sales representatives, or when you contact customer support.
the personal information we collect may include contact information (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address), professional information (such as your employer name, address, job title, department or job role) and contact preferences.
information we automatically collect.
wattiq collects information from the use of technologies such as cookies, pixel tags, widgets, embedded urls, electronic communication protocols, buttons and tools in connection with its online properties.
the types of technology used by wattiq may change over time as technology evolves.
this privacy notice and how we use cookies provide information about our use of cookies and other similar tracking technologies.
online properties.
we automatically collect certain information when you use, access or interact with our online properties, including our online advertisements or marketing communications.
this information does not necessarily reveal your identity directly but may include unique identification numbers and other information about the specific device you are using, such as the hardware model, operating system version, web-browser software (such as firefox, safari, or internet explorer), your internet protocol (ip) address/mac address/device identifier, device event information (such as crashes, system activity and hardware settings, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral url), broad geographic location (e.
g.
country or city-level location) and other technical data that uniquely identifies your browser.
we may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our online properties, such as the pages accessed and other statistical information.
what we use your information for.
communicate, respond to requests and engage in/process transactions.
wattiq may use personal information to communicate with you, respond to your requests or provide information requested by you.
facilitate and evaluate use of the online properties.
wattiq may use personal information to provide you with the online properties, to facilitate your use of the online properties (such as facilitating navigation and the login process, preserving information between sessions and enhancing security), to improve quality, to evaluate page response rates and personalize and determine content.
improve our properties.
wattiq uses personal information and other data wattiq collects from you to better understand our customers, users and website visitors and the way they use and interact with the properties, including their user experience.
wattiq uses this information to provide a personalized experience, to implement the preferences you request, to improve quality and reliability, to diagnose issues with and improve the properties and related user experiences, and to make recommendations.
provide support.
wattiq uses personal information and other data wattiq collects from you, in combination with other data we may have, in order to provide you with support in relation to our properties.
post testimonials.
wattiq may use personal information to post testimonials on its online properties.
prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain your consent to use your name and testimonial.
you can request your testimonial be updated or deleted at any time by sending a request with your name, testimonial location and contact information.
marketing.
wattiq will use information it obtains from you, your interactions with wattiq over time and across the properties, and from third party sources to provide you with marketing and promotional communications, to deliver targeted and relevant advertising and marketing to you, to determine the effectiveness of our marketing and promotional campaigns, to better understand you and your preferences, and to position and promote our products and services.
our marketing will be conducted in accordance with your advertising / marketing preferences and as permitted by applicable law.
security.
wattiq may use personal information to help monitor, prevent and detect fraud, enhance security, monitor and verify identity or access, and combat spam or other malware or security risks.
other legitimate business purposes.
we may use your personal information when it is necessary for other legitimate purposes such as protecting wattiq’s confidential and proprietary information.
security & confidentiality.
wattiq maintains appropriate organizational and technical measures designed to protect the security and confidentiality of any personal information we process.
for example, wattiq employs physical access controls, encryption, internet firewalls, intrusion detection and network monitoring depending on the nature of the information and the scope of processing.
wattiq staff who may have access to personal information are required to keep that information confidential.
however, no security procedures or protocols are ever guaranteed to be 100% secure and so we encourage you to take care when disclosing personal information online and to use readily available tools, such as internet firewalls, anti-virus and anti-spyware software, and similar technologies to protect yourself online.
how we share your information.
we take care to allow your personal information to be accessed only by those who really need access in order to perform their tasks and duties, and to share with third parties who have a legitimate purpose for accessing it.
we do not share, sell, rent, or trade any of your personal information.
we may share personal information about you with third parties in the following circumstances.
compliance with laws or any competent law enforcement body, regulatory body, government agency, court or third party.
we may disclose information where we believe disclosure is necessary or required (i) by law or regulation, in order to comply with legal process or government requests (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
or (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights.
business transfers.
we may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, acquisition, dissolution, corporate reorganization or similar event.
we will inform any buyer that your information shall only be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
with your consent.
we may disclose your personal information for any other purpose with your consent.
online privacy policy onlythis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through website and not to information collected through any other means.
your consentby using our site, you consent to this privacy policy.
changes to our privacy policyif we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
if we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you by email to the address specified in your account.
you are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our web site and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
this policy was last modified on september 15, 2020contacting usif there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
wattiq400 oyster point blvdsuite 414south san francisco, ca us.
online privacy policy only.
this online privacy policy applies only to information collected through website and not to information collected through any other means.
your consent.
by using our site, you consent to this privacy policy.
changes to our privacy policy.
if we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
if we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you by email to the address specified in your account.
you are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our web site and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
this policy was last modified on september 15, 2020.
contacting us.
if there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
wattiq400 oyster point blvdsuite 414south san francisco, ca .
wattiq system.
intelisockets.
intelisensors.
inteligateway.
wattiq cloud.
markets.
life sciences.
education.
facilities.
solutions.
asset intelligence.
energy management.
freezer monitoring.
company.
about us.
careers.
trust center.
blog.
contact us.
