legal.
patents.
rma policy.
sales terms & conditions.
privacy policy.
patents.
wavetronix return material authorization policy.
technical support calls and rmas.
customers and end users of wavetronix products must first contact their local authorized wavetronix dealer for technical support, as applicable.
it is important that dealers be aware of any problems their customers are having, and since many dealers have their own technical support processes in place, customers may benefit by having problems resolved locally.
dealers will escalate support issues to wavetronix when necessary.
customers not working through a dealer will contact wavetronix directly.
to begin the rma (return material authorization) process, please email or call 801-734-7200.
all calls and emails requesting an rma for any wavetronix product will be treated as a technical support request.
to verify that the necessary troubleshooting has been performed, wavetronix technical support representatives will request the following information.
applicable serial numbers.
failure mode of each product.
how the failure was detected.
troubleshooting steps already taken.
product installation date.
installation conditions.
originating po number.
rmas will only be issued by wavetronix technical support once a wavetronix technical support representative has determined that an rma is necessary.
products that are returned to wavetronix without a valid rma number will be returned to the customer, and the customer will be assessed a $75 handling fee.
this applies to products under warranty and to any products added to an existing rma without the prior approval of wavetronix technical support.
warranty/non-warranty repairs.
all products received under warranty are handled as outlined in the wavetronix product catalog under each product’s respective warranty description.
this warranty information can also be found at  under each product’s webpage.
all non-warranty sensor products that are returned will be assessed a flat repair fee, even if no fault is found.
this fee covers material and labor required for testing, handling, and repairs.
shipping and other charges are not included in the flat fee.
* for product exceeding 10 years from its original ship date, repairs will no longer be performed.
* for product exceeding 5 years from its original ship date, wavetronix will make best efforts to repair the product, but reserves the right not to perform repairs based on the following.
material availability.
design changes.
scope of repairs.
for click 600 series products, the same fee schedule applies on all non-warranty repairs.
other click products beyond their warranty date will be treated as case-by-case and may not be repaired.
the flat repair fee applies to all billable returns and is non-refundable.
a po for the repair fee is expected with receipt of equipment.
if a non-warranty item that is returned is designated as unrepairable, we will discard the item, unless specifically requested otherwise by the customer in writing.
wavetronix reserves the right to modify its repair fee structure without prior notice.
rma repairs.
issued rma numbers expire a er 45 days.
if a product is not sent in to wavetronix or not all of the information to complete the rma is received within that time period, a new rma number will be required.
all equipment received should be accompanied by a po per the non-warranty repair fee schedule (for billable repairs).
product sent without a po will be repaired and invoiced per the flat fee schedule and will be subject to normal fees.
items sent in for warranty repair will be charged the flat fee if it is determined that the failure mode does not qualify under the warranty terms.
wavetronix may not perform repairs or may add additional charges to the rma beyond the flat fee if policy abuse is suspected.
a fee may be charged for all expedited rmas.
wavetronix reserves the right to refuse requests for expedited rmas, and may charge a higher fee based on the number of items assigned to the rma.
all rma repairs will be warranted for a period of 90 days after shipment back to the customer.
this limited warranty applies only to the repairs made.
products replaced under warranty do not receive a new standard limited warranty.
replacement products will be covered for the length of time remaining on the limited warranty of the replaced product.
an extended warranty may be purchased from wavetronix for any product at the time of original purchase.
contact your local authorized wavetronix dealer for details.
in certain cases, wavetronix technical support may provide a cross-ship rma, in which a replacement product is shipped to the customer before the defective unit is returned.
it is the customer’s responsibility to ensure that the defective product is returned to wavetronix.
if the defective product is not received within two (2) weeks, or 14 days, from the time the initial shipment is made, wavetronix will invoice the customer for the full amount of the product delivered.
all rma items returned to wavetronix will be inspected and tested prior to acceptance.
products that have damage or discrepancies beyond the scope of the rma will be repaired at the customer’s expense.
this includes damage incurred during shipment due to improper packaging or mishandling.
all freight, customs, tariffs, etc.
for shipments outside the continental usa shall be the sole responsibility of the buyer.
return policy for unused product.
unused product that is to be returned must have an rma number issued by a wavetronix technical services representative.
all product shall be returned in its original packaging.
equipment shall be clean and never used in the field.
items that appear to be used, not in original packaging or the original packaging has been breached, will be returned to the customer at the customer’s expense.
wavetronix is not responsible for any shipping costs, duties and fees associated with returning unused product.
unused product authorized for return shall be fully refunded.
wavetronix may assess a restocking fee of 25% the po cost for that line-item.
the following items, classified as ncnr (non-cancellable / non-returnable), cannot be returned.
custom cable lengths and cable assemblies.
custom backplates and cabinet assemblies.
command products.
other products as determined by wavetronix.
product beyond its warranty period shall not be eligible for return.
‍.
wavetronix domestic terms and conditions of sale.
applicability.
except as otherwise expressly agreed in writing, signed by an authorized agent of wavetronix, these domestic terms and conditions of sale apply to all contracts entered into between wavetronix and buyer for the purchase and sale of goods or services, regardless of how a contract is formed, including contracts formed by wavetronix making an offer to sell followed by buyer accepting that offer, by buyer making an offer to buy and wavetronix accepting that offer, by conduct of both parties recognizing the existence of a contract, or in any other manner.
definitions.
the following capitalized terms have the following meanings.
"buyer" means the person or entity directly purchasing goods or services from wavetronix.
"contract" means the contract between wavetronix and buyer for the purchase and sale of goods or services.
"customer" means a third party with whom buyer has a contractual relationship to purchase the goods or services under this contract.
typically, the customer is a contractor or a state or local department of transportation responsible for the roadway on which a wavetronix product will be used.
citizens or users of such a roadway are not "customers" and obtain no rights under this contract.
"terms" means these domestic terms and conditions of sale.
"third party" shall include every person, government, or other entity other than wavetronix and buyer.
"wavetronix" means wavetronix llc, an idaho limited liability company.
for purposes of the limitations on liability in section 9 and for purposes of indemnity in section 11, "wavetronix" includes, where appropriate, members, board members, managers, officers, employees, agents, and representatives of wavetronix.
exclusive terms of sale.
these terms are exclusive.
offers by wavetronix to sell are limited to these terms, and any additional or different terms proposed by buyer are hereby rejected.
acceptance by wavetronix of buyer's offer is conditioned on buyer's acceptance of these terms.
modification, rescission and waiver.
no provision of this contract can be modified, waived, or rescinded except by a written agreement signed by an authorized agent of wavetronix.
terms of payment.
‍(a) buyer shall pay the net amount due in full within 30 days of the date of invoice unless other terms are approved by wavetronix in writing.
amounts unpaid 30 days after the due date shall accrue interest at 1.
5% per month, compounded monthly.
(b) the price is payable without deduction, set-off, counterclaims, back charges, or any other charges or claims of buyer of whatsoever nature, and the obligations of buyer to wavetronix shall remain unimpaired regardless of disputes that may arise between buyer and third parties.
(c) a fee of 3% the value of the purchase order will be assessed for credit purchases exceeding $10,000.
payment of taxes, and other governmental charges by buyer.
the contract price does not include sales, use, excise, value added or any similar tax or other governmental charge upon or with respect to the sale, purchase, manufacture, process, fabrication, delivery, storage, use, consumption, or transportation of such goods.
the amount of any such taxes or charges shall be deemed extra charges and shall be paid by the buyer.
in the case of taxes, buyer may provide wavetronix with a tax exemption certificate acceptable to applicable taxing authorities.
if, for any reason, any such certificate is not accepted by such authorities or such acceptance is revoked, buyer shall indemnify and hold wavetronix harmless as provided in section 10.
whenever applicable, such tax or taxes or other governmental charges will be added to the invoice as a separate charge to be paid by buyer.
all licenses and permits shall be secured by buyer at buyer's expense unless the responsibility is assumed in writing by wavetronix.
delivery, risk of loss, and title.
‍(a) all deliveries shall be exw wavetronix' loading dock, in accordance with international commercial terms, incoterms® 2010, published by the international chamber of commerce.
(b) wavetronix shall have a purchase money security interest in all goods until the complete purchase price and all additional costs and charges are paid by buyer.
wavetronix may make any third party notification or filing deemed necessary to protect and perfect such interest.
(c) any shipment or delivery dates recited represent wavetronix' best estimate, but wavetronix shall not be liable, directly or indirectly, for failure to ship or deliver on such dates.
warranty.
new wavetronix products and services may have an express limited warranty.
a copy of the warranty, if one applies, is available at smartsensor warranty or click warranty.
unless otherwise provided in writing, that is the only warranty provided.
all other warranties, express or implied, are excluded, including implied warranties of fitness for a particular purpose and merchant-ability.
if no warranty applies, buyer accepts the goods or services "as is," without warranty.
limitations of damages.
this contract, including any express limited warranty, expressly disclaims all indirect, incidental, consequential, liquidated and punitive damages and any expenses related to any partial or complete inoperability of the product that may arise as a result of any breach of this contract or a breach of warranty, or for any other reason, even if wavetronix is aware of the possibility thereof.
in no event will any damages arising from a breach of this contract, including a breach of any warranty, exceed the contract price for the goods or services that are subject to the breach or the goods that are defective.
indemnification.
buyer shall defend, indemnify and hold wavetronix harmless with respect to.
(a) all demands, claims, actions, or judgments of a third party against wavetronix, directly or indirectly, for any direct, consequential, material, special, liquidated, punitive, or other damages, regardless of whether such demand, claim, action, or judgment is based on theories of contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, warranty, indemnity, contribution, statute, or otherwise, including without limitation, all demands, claims, actions, and judgments relating to injury to and/or death of any and all persons and for loss of and/or damage to property arising from use, handling, repair, adjustment, operation, modification, or conversion of goods or services covered by this contract.
and(b) all demands, claims, actions, or judgments of a third party against wavetronix, directly or indirectly, based on a theory of infringement or violation of patents, trademarks, trade names, trade secrets, copyrights, or the like when such demand, claim, action, or judgment is based in whole or in part directly or indirectly, on wavetronix' compliance with specifications provided by buyer.
this indemnification and promise to defend and hold wavetronix harmless extends to instances where wavetronix is alleged or found to be negligent and includes, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and all other expenses incurred by wavetronix in connection therewith.
if wavetronix, at its option, chooses to defend such a demand, claim, action, or judgment, buyer agrees to cooperate with and assist wavetronix in its defense in whatever reasonable ways wavetronix chooses.
technical data.
specifications.
limitation of liability.
any technical data, product installation specifications, design and performance specifications, technical advice, drawings, and specifications furnished by wavetronix with respect to goods supplied and the use of such goods is provided to assist in the proper deployment and use of wavetronix products, systems and solutions.
wavetronix makes no claim to meet any product or system specification that is not provided by wavetronix or that which has not been previously approved in writing by the wavetronix chief operating officer.
wavetronix will have no liability for any damages, direct, consequential, incidental, special, liquidated, punitive, or otherwise, for any wavetronix product, service or system deployments that do not follow defined wavetronix installation specifications.
acceptance of goods.
in order to insure prompt inspection by buyer and to estimate improper methods of storage and other abuse of goods sold, buyer must notify wavetronix in writing concerning the nonconformity of the goods to the contract as soon as practicable but in no event later than 60 days after delivery.
such written notice shall set forth with particularity the nature and extent of the nonconformity complained of.
all claims for shortages must be made in writing within 15 days after receipt of the goods by buyer or its agent and specify with particularity the exact shortage complained of.
immediate written notice must be given to the carrier's agent at destination in the event of damage or loss in transit.
in no event shall wavetronix be responsible for claims resulting in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from the use or abuse of nonconforming goods or for the costs of labor and/or materials expended on any such goods.
failure to furnish such written claim within such prescribed period of time shall terminate all liability of wavetronix.
wavetronix must be given the opportunity upon written demand to inspect the goods claimed to be nonconforming to this agreement.
goods which do not conform to the contract shall be returned to wavetronix upon receipt of wavetronix' authorization to do so and at wavetronix' expense.
buyer must demonstrate to the reasonable satisfaction of wavetronix that any alleged nonconformity to the contract was solely caused by a breach by wavetronix of the applicable warranty as to the conformity to the express specifications of buyer set forth above.
in no event shall any claim of buyer be set-off against outstanding or subsequent invoices of wavetronix without wavetronix' written consent.
force majeure.
wavetronix shall not be liable or responsible to buyer, nor be deemed to have defaulted under or breached this contract, for any failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any term of this contract, when and to the extent such failure or delay is caused by or results from acts beyond its reasonable control, including, without limitation, the following force majeure events.
(a) acts of god.
(b) flood, fire, earthquake or explosion.
(c) war, invasion, hostilities (whether war is declared or not), terrorist threats or acts, riot or other civil unrest.
(d) government order or law.
(e) actions, embargoes or blockades in effect on or after the date of this agreement.
(f) action by any governmental authority.
(g) national or regional emergency.
(h) strikes, labor stoppages or slowdowns or other industrial disturbances.
and (i) shortage of adequate power or transportation facilities.
wavetronix shall give notice to the buyer, stating the period of time the occurrence is expected to continue.
wavetronix shall use diligent efforts to end the failure or delay and ensure the effects of such event are minimized.
wavetronix shall resume the performance of its obligations as soon as reasonably practicable after the removal of the cause.
buyer's responsibility, anticipatory breach, and default.
(a) if wavetronix has any doubt as to buyer's responsibility, or if buyer fails to fulfill the terms and conditions of payment herein and on the face hereof, wavetronix may decline to make any further shipment or delivery hereunder, except upon receipt of satisfactory security including but not limited to full or partial prepayment.
(b) in the event of anticipatory breach by buyer or if the financial condition of buyer at any time does not, in the reasonable judgment of wavetronix, justify continuance of the work to be performed by wavetronix hereunder on the terms of payment originally specified, wavetronix may require full or partial payment in advance and, in the event of bankruptcy or insolvency of buyer, or in the event any proceeding is brought by or against buyer under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws, wavetronix shall be entitled to cancel any agreement and work then outstanding and buyer shall reimburse wavetronix for any losses, expenses, and charges incurred as a result thereof.
(c) if buyer shall fail to make payments on this or any other agreement between buyer and wavetronix in accordance with its terms, wavetronix may defer further shipments until such payments are made or, at its option, cancel the contract with respect to any balance.
if pursuant to this provision, wavetronix shall defer any shipments or cancel in whole or in part the contract, buyer shall be liable for and reimburse wavetronix for all losses, expenses, and damages, including any and all direct and consequential damages, incurred by wavetronix as a result of such deferral or cancellation.
no waiver.
failure by wavetronix to enforce any of the terms, conditions, and limitations of this contract shall not constitute a waiver thereof or a waiver of any other terms, conditions, or limitations, and the failure of wavetronix to exercise any rights arising from default of buyer or otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of such right or any other right.
the terms, conditions, and limitations may be enforced and rights of wavetronix enforced at any time in whole or in part.
no assignment.
buyer may not, by operation of law or otherwise, assign its rights or delegate its obligations hereunder to any third party without the prior written consent of wavetronix, and any such purported or attempted assignment or delegation shall be null and void.
applicable law.
savings clause.
the local law of the state of utah, excluding its principles of choice of laws and the united nations convention on contracts for the international sales of goods, shall apply in interpreting these terms, conditions, and limitations, and shall apply to all questions arising in connection with this contract, the sale of goods covered hereby, the contract, and any claims related to the foregoing.
if any clause or provision of these terms and conditions is held in violation of applicable law, this contract shall be interpreted as if such provisions are in full force and in effect to the extent legally permitted or, if such clause or provision is prohibited in its entirety, it shall be null and void, and the contract as so modified shall remain in full force and effect.
installation supervision.
prices quoted for equipment do not include installation supervision.
wavetronix recommends and will, upon request, make available, at wavetronix' then current rate, an experienced installation supervisor to act as buyer's agent to supervise installation of the equipment.
buyer shall at its sole expense furnish all necessary labor equipment, and materials needed for installation.
responsibility for proper operation of equipment if not installed by wavetronix or installed in accordance with wavetronix' instruction, rests entirely with buyer.
and any work performed by wavetronix personnel in making adjustment or changes must be paid for at wavetronix' then current per diem rates plus living and traveling expenses.
intellectual property.
buyer acknowledges wavetronix' intellectual property rights under this agreement for products listed in wavetronix quotation and/or on buyer's order form, regardless of whether a notice appears on the equipment, its product manuals, software, or quotation, or whether it has been filed with a patent, trademark or copyright office.
buyer and customer shall not copy, in whole or in part, the equipment or any documentation provided by wavetronix in any form, nor shall customer make any modifications to or derivations of the equipment without the prior written consent of wavetronix.
buyer and customer shall not, except as expressly authorized and only to the extent established by applicable statutory law, attempt to (or permit others to) decipher, reverse translate, decompile, disassemble or otherwise reverse engineer or attempt to reconstruct or discover any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms or file formats or programming or interoperability interfaces of the equipment and software by any means whatsoever.
in addition, buyer and customer shall not provide or make available to any other person the equipment, any related documentation or any other information provided pursuant to this agreement.
ncnr items.
wavetronix reserves the right to classify any product as non-cancellable / non-returnable at any time.
the criteria used for classifying items includes.
• products customized per the buyer's request• items that are classified ncnr with the wavetronix supplier base• command products• other criteria as determined by wavetronixorders for ncnr items will not be processed until wavetronix has written approval from the buyer to proceed.
expedite fees.
expedite requests are subject to a fee of $500 or 10% of the total contract price, whichever is greater.
wavetronix reserves the right to deny any expedite request.
product returns.
all products that are to be returned to wavetronix shall be subject to wavetronix returns policy.
any product return must have an assigned rma number.
products that are received without the issuance of an rma number will be returned to the buyer at the buyer's expense.
all products returned will be subject to a restocking fee of 25%.
unused product outside its warranty coverage cannot be returned.
the buyer will be responsible for all freight and other charges associated with an unused product return.
additional information on the wavetronix returns policy may be obtained by visiting .
entire agreement.
wavetronix and buyer intend for these terms to be a final, complete and exclusive expression of their agreement on the terms to be applied to this contract.
the contract represents all items being sold.
examples of additional items that should be contracted for separately include but are not limited to cables, service, training and installation and are not included with the product.
these terms may not be supplemented or contradicted by evidence of any prior agreement or of any contemporaneous oral agreement.
these terms may not be supplemented by any different or additional terms even if such terms are consistent with the terms of this contract.
headings.
section headings are for convenience only and shall not be used to interpret this contract.
‍.
wavetronix privacy policy.
‍.
this privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for wavetronix.
this privacy notice applies to information collected by wavetronix either via our website, at a tradeshow, or via our mobile app.
it notifies you of the following.
what personally identifiable information we collect, how we use it, and whom we share it with.
what choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
the security procedures we use to prevent the misuse of your information.
how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
information collection, use, and sharing.
information we collect includes.
we collect information that you voluntarily give us.
this may include.
first and last name.
company.
company address.
phone number.
email address.
potential projects.
other companies you work with.
cookies on our website that record your email address (after you login) and your language preferences.
non-personally identifiable information is also collected via our app and website.
this data includes.
the number of app installs.
how many times the app/website is used.
when the app is a new install.
how long users are spending with the content.
the average amount of time per user with an article.
crash reports.
version statistics.
operating system and device being used.
the country where a user is located (based on ip address).
our website uses cookies are used for simplifying the login process by remembering your username (email) and setting the default language of the website.
personal information is used to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.
we will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.
g.
to ship an order.
unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about discounts, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
non-identifiable information collected in the app and website is used to help us better understand and meet the needs of our users.
we are the sole owners of the information collected on this site.
we will not provide, sell or rent this information to anyone.
your access to and control over information.
you may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time.
you can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website.
see what data we have about you, if any.
change/correct any data we have about you.
have us delete any data we have about you.
express any concern you have about our use of your data.
security.
we take precautions to protect your information.
when you submit sensitive information to us, we protect your information both online and offline.
wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.
you can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
while we use industry standard encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline.
only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information.
the computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
if you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (801) 734-7200 or .
‍.
wavetronix scrum best practices.
‍.
the wavetronix scrum best practices is a modification of the 2020 scrum guidetm that can be found here.
purpose of the wavetronix scrum best practices.
like most organizations that adopt scrum, wavetronix has modified the framework to meet the specific needs of the company.
this document includes the content of the 2020 scrum guide tm and how it has been modified to create the wavetronix scrum best practices.
we [ken schwaber and jeff sutherland] developed scrum in the early 1990s.
we wrote the first version of the scrum guide in 2010 to help people worldwide understand scrum.
we have evolved the guide since then through small, functional updates.
together, we stand behind it.
the scrum guide contains the definition of scrum.
each element of the framework serves a specific purpose that is essential to the overall value and results realized with scrum.
changing the core design or ideas of scrum, leaving out elements, or not following the rules of scrum, covers up problems and limits the benefits of scrum, potentially even rendering it useless, although the modification of a scrum implementation, so that it fits with the culture and needs of wavetronix, is deemed effective and necessary.
we follow the growing use of scrum within an ever-growing complex world.
we are humbled to see scrum being adopted in many domains holding essentially complex work, beyond software product development where scrum has its roots.
as scrum’s use spreads, developers, researchers, analysts, scientists, and other specialists do the work.
we use the word “developers” in scrum not to exclude, but to simplify.
if you get value from scrum, consider yourself included.
as scrum is being used, patterns, processes, and insights that fit the scrum framework as described in this document, may be found, applied and devised.
their description is beyond the purpose of the scrum guide because they are context sensitive and differ widely between scrum uses.
such tactics for using within the scrum framework vary widely and are described elsewhere.
scrum definition.
scrum is a lightweight framework that helps people, teams and organizations generate value through adaptive solutions for complex problems.
in a nutshell, scrum requires a scrum master to foster an environment where.
1.
a product owner orders the work for a complex problem into a product backlog.
2.
the scrum team turns a selection of the work into an increment of value during a sprint.
3.
the scrum team and its stakeholders inspect the results and adjust for the next sprint.
4.
repeat.
scrum is simple.
try it as is and determine if its philosophy, theory, and structure help to achieve goals and create value.
the scrum framework is purposefully incomplete, only defining the parts required to implement scrum theory.
scrum is built upon by the collective intelligence of the people.
using it.
rather than provide people with detailed instructions, the rules of scrum guide their relationships and interactions.
various processes, techniques and methods can be employed within the framework.
scrum wraps around existing practices or renders them unnecessary.
scrum makes visible the relative efficacy of current management, environment, and work techniques, so that improvements can be made.
scrum theory.
scrum is founded on empiricism and lean thinking.
empiricism asserts that knowledge comes from experience and making decisions based on what is observed.
lean thinking reduces waste and focuses on the essentials.
scrum employs an iterative, incremental approach to optimize predictability and to control risk.
scrum engages groups of people who collectively have all the skills and expertise to do the work and share or acquire such skills as needed.
scrum combines four formal events for inspection and adaptation within a containing event, the sprint.
these events work because they implement the empirical scrum pillars of transparency, inspection, and adaptation.
transparency.
the emergent process and work must be visible to those performing the work as well as those receiving the work.
with scrum, important decisions are based on the perceived state of its three formal artifacts.
artifacts that have low transparency can lead to decisions that diminish value and increase risk.
transparency enables inspection.
inspection without transparency is misleading and wasteful.
inspection.
the scrum artifacts and the progress toward agreed goals must be inspected frequently and diligently to detect potentially undesirable variances or problems.
to help with inspection, scrum provides cadence in the form of its five events.
inspection enables adaptation.
inspection without adaptation is considered pointless.
scrum events are designed to provoke change.
adaptation.
if any aspects of a process deviate outside acceptable limits or if the resulting product is unacceptable, the process being applied or the materials being produced must be adjusted.
the adjustment must be made as soon as possible to minimize further deviation.
adaptation becomes more difficult when the people involved do not decide how to best accomplish who does what, when, and how.
a scrum team is expected to adapt the moment it learns anything new through inspection.
scrum values.
successful use of scrum depends on people becoming more proficient in living five values.
commitment, focus, openness, respect, and courage.
the scrum team commits to achieving its goals and to supporting each other.
their primary focus is on the work of the sprint to make the best possible progress toward these goals.
the scrum team and its stakeholders are open about the work and the challenges.
scrum team members respect each other to be capable, independent people, and are respected as such by the people with whom they work.
this respect is often demonstrated by providing others with the appropriate levels of direction and support given their development level for a goal.
the scrum team members have the courage to do the right thing, to work on tough problems.
these values give direction to the scrum team with regard to their work, actions, and behavior.
the decisions that are made, the steps taken, and the way scrum is used should reinforce these values, not diminish or undermine them.
the scrum team members learn and explore the values as they work with the scrum events and artifacts.
when these values are embodied by the scrum team and the people they work with, the empirical scrum pillars of transparency, inspection, and adaptation come to life building trust.
scrum team.
the fundamental unit of scrum is a small team of people, a scrum team.
the scrum team consists of one scrum master, one product owner, and developers.
within a scrum team, there are no sub-teams or hierarchies.
however, having no hierarchies on the scrum team does not mean that there are no leaders on the team.
all team members will have opportunities to lead out in their area of expertise.
for example, developers may serve as technical leads on the team by mentoring other team members in technical skills.
the scrum master serves as a leader on the team by helping the individuals progress in their development level for a given goal, helping the team to progress in its team formation level, and in helping to resolve problems encountered by the team.
the product owner serves as a leader on the team by developing and communicating a product goal.
the scrum team is a cohesive unit of professionals focused on one objective at a time, the product goal.
scrum teams have the skills necessary to create value each sprint.
scrum teams are self-managing, meaning they have the accountability to decide how to best accomplish who does what, when, and how in a sprint.
at the same time, there is an organization-level ‘what’, ‘why’ and ‘how’, defined by the leaders of wavetronix, with which the team must align.
while scrum teams do not have complete autonomy, they do have clearly defined boundaries within which they have the freedom to operate as they choose.
while the scrum team, developers, scrum master, and product owner decide how to best accomplish who does what, when, and how, they do not have mandate to decide the product features, market strategy and vision, or the standards that are required for product quality.
scrum teams must collaborate internally, and with other teams, on how to contribute to the goals and purposes of wavetronix.
the scrum team is small enough to remain nimble and large enough to complete significant work within a sprint, typically 10 or fewer people.
in general, we have found that smaller teams communicate better and are more productive.
if scrum teams become too large, they should consider reorganizing into multiple cohesive scrum teams, each focused on the same product.
therefore, they should share the same product goal and product backlog.
ideally, different scrum teams working on the same product would also have the same product owner.
however, due to limitations of product owners’ time, it may be necessary for different product owners to serve scrum teams that are working on the same product.
the scrum team (developers, scrum master, and product owner) is responsible for all product-related activities from stakeholder collaboration, verification, maintenance, operation, experimentation, research and development, and anything else that might be required.
they are structured and empowered by the organization to decide how to best accomplish who does what, when, and how in a sprint.
working in sprints at a sustainable pace improves the scrum team’s focus and consistency.
the entire scrum team is accountable for creating a useful increment every sprint.
scrum defines three specific accountabilities within the scrum team.
the developers, the product owner, and the scrum master.
developers.
developers are the people in the scrum team that are committed to creating any aspect of a usable increment each sprint.
the specific skills needed by the developers are often broad and will vary with the domain of work.
however, the developers are always accountable for.
creating a plan for the sprint, the sprint backlog.
instilling quality (emphasis added) by adhering to a definition of done.
adapting their plan each day toward the sprint goal.
and,.
holding each other accountable as professionals.
product owner.
the product owner is accountable for maximizing the value of the product resulting from the work of the scrum team.
how this is done may vary widely across organizations, scrum teams, and individuals.
the product owner is also accountable for effective product backlog management, which includes.
developing and explicitly communicating the product goal.
creating and clearly communicating product backlog items.
ordering product backlog items.
and,.
ensuring that the product backlog is transparent, visible and understood.
the product owner may do the above work or may delegate the responsibility to others.
regardless, the product owner remains accountable.
for product owners to succeed, the entire organization must respect their decisions.
these decisions are visible in the content and ordering of the product backlog, and through the inspectable increment at the sprint review.
the product owner is one person, not a committee.
the product owner may represent the needs of many stakeholders in the product backlog.
those wanting to change the product backlog can do so by trying to convince the product owner.
scrum master.
the scrum master is accountable for establishing scrum as defined by the wavetronix scrum best practices.
they do this by helping everyone understand scrum theory and practice, both within the scrum team and the organization.
if there is a conflict, or a perceived conflict, between the wavetronix scrum best practices and wavetronix companywide processes, the wavetronix scrum best practices will be adapted to meet the needs of the organization.
the scrum master is accountable for the scrum team’s effectiveness.
they do this by enabling the scrum team to improve its practices, within the scrum framework.
scrum masters are true leaders who serve the scrum team and the larger organization.
the scrum master serves the scrum team in several ways, including.
coaching the team members in self-management and cross-functionality.
helping the scrum team focus on creating high-value increments that meet the definition of done.
causing the removal of impediments to the scrum team’s progress.
ensuring that all scrum events take place and are positive, productive, and kept within the timebox.
providing appropriate levels of direction and support according to an individual’s development levels for a particular goal, with the intent of helping the individual progress in their development level.
providing appropriate levels of direction and support according to a team’s stage of development, with the intent of helping the team progress through the stages of development.
helping the team resolve interpersonal problems and,.
creating an environment that supports building commitment, trust, and collaboration.
the scrum master serves the product owner in several ways, including.
helping find techniques for effective product goal definition and product backlog management.
helping the scrum team understand the need for clear and concise product backlog items.
helping establish empirical product planning for a complex environment.
and,.
facilitating stakeholder collaboration as requested or needed.
the scrum master serves the organization in several ways, including.
suggesting changes that could improve the flow of work to and from the team.
provide coaching or training when asked to do so.
planning scrum implementations within the organization.
removing barriers between stakeholders and scrum teams.
scrum events.
the sprint is a container for all other events.
each event in scrum is a formal opportunity to inspect and adapt scrum artifacts.
these events are specifically designed to enable the transparency.
required.
failure to operate any events as prescribed results in lost opportunities to inspect and adapt.
events are used in scrum to create regularity and to minimize the need for meetings not defined in scrum.
optimally, all events are held at the same time and place to reduce complexity.
the sprint.
sprints are the heartbeat of scrum, where ideas are turned into value.
they are fixed length events of one month or less to create consistency.
a new sprint starts immediately after the conclusion of the previous sprint.
all the work necessary to achieve the product goal, including sprint planning, daily scrums, sprint review, and sprint retrospective, happen within sprints.
during the sprint.
no changes are made that would endanger the sprint goal.
quality does not decrease.
the product backlog is refined as needed.
and,.
scope may be clarified and renegotiated with the product owner as more is learned.
sprints enable predictability by ensuring inspection and adaptation of progress toward a product goal at least every calendar month.
when a sprint’s horizon is too long the sprint goal may become invalid, complexity may rise, and risk may increase.
shorter sprints can be employed to generate more learning cycles and limit risk of cost and effort to a smaller time frame.
each sprint may be considered a short project.
various practices exist to forecast progress, like burn-downs, burn-ups, or cumulative flows.
while proven useful, these do not replace the importance of empiricism.
in complex environments, what will happen is unknown.
only what has already happened may be used for forward-looking decision making.
a sprint could be cancelled if the sprint goal becomes obsolete.
only the product owner has the authority to cancel the sprint.
sprint planning.
sprint planning initiates the sprint by laying out the work to be performed for the sprint.
this resulting plan is created by the collaborative work of the entire scrum team.
the product owner ensures that attendees are prepared to discuss the most important product backlog items and how they map to the product goal.
the scrum team may also invite other people to attend sprint planning to provide advice.
sprint planning addresses the following topics.
topic one.
why is this sprint valuable.
the product owner proposes how the product could increase its value and utility in the current sprint.
the whole scrum team then collaborates to define a sprint goal that communicates why the sprint is valuable to stakeholders.
the sprint goal must be finalized prior to the end of sprint planning.
topic two.
what can be done this sprint.
through discussion with the product owner, the developers select items from the product backlog to include in the current sprint.
the scrum team may refine these items during this process, which increases understanding and confidence.
selecting how much can be completed within a sprint may be challenging.
however, the more the developers know about their past performance, their upcoming capacity, and their definition of done, the more confident they will be in their sprint forecasts.
topic three.
how will the chosen work get done.
for each selected product backlog item, the developers plan the work necessary to create an increment that meets the definition of done.
this is often done by decomposing product backlog items into smaller work items of one day or less.
how this is done is at the sole discretion of the developers.
no one else tells them how to turn product backlog items into increments of value.
the sprint goal, the product backlog items selected for the sprint, plus the plan for delivering them are together referred to as the sprint backlog.
sprint planning is timeboxed to a maximum of eight hours for a one-month sprint.
for shorter sprints, the event is usually shorter.
daily scrum.
the purpose of the daily scrum is to inspect progress toward the sprint goal and adapt the sprint backlog as necessary, adjusting the upcoming planned work.
the daily scrum is a 15-minute event for the developers of the scrum team.
to reduce complexity, it is held at the same time and place every working day of the sprint.
if the product owner or scrum master are actively working on items in the sprint backlog, they participate as developers.
the developers can select whatever structure and techniques they want, as long as their daily scrum focuses on progress toward the sprint goal and produces an actionable plan for the next day of work.
this creates focus and improves self-management.
daily scrums improve communications, identify impediments, promote quick decision-making, and consequently eliminate the need for other meetings.
the daily scrum is not the only time developers are allowed to adjust their plan.
they often meet throughout the day for more detailed discussions about adapting or re-planning the rest of the sprint’s work.
sprint review.
the purpose of the sprint review is to inspect the outcome of the sprint and determine future adaptations.
the scrum team presents the results of their work to key stakeholders and progress toward the product goal is discussed.
during the event, the scrum team and stakeholders review what was accomplished in the sprint and what has changed in their environment.
based on this information, attendees collaborate on what to do next.
the product backlog may also be adjusted to meet new opportunities.
the sprint review is a working session and the scrum team should avoid limiting it to a presentation.
the sprint review is the second to last event of the sprint and is timeboxed to a maximum of four hours for a one-month sprint.
for shorter sprints, the event is usually shorter.
sprint retrospective.
the purpose of the sprint retrospective is to plan ways to increase quality and effectiveness.
the scrum team inspects how the last sprint went with regards to individuals, interactions, processes, tools, and their definition of done.
inspected elements often vary with the domain of work.
assumptions that led them astray are identified and their origins explored.
the scrum team discusses what went well during the sprint, what problems it encountered, and how those problems were (or were not) solved.
the scrum team identifies the most helpful changes to improve its effectiveness.
the most impactful improvements are addressed as soon as possible.
they may even be added to the sprint backlog for the next sprint.
the sprint retrospective concludes the sprint.
it is timeboxed to a maximum of three hours for a one-month sprint.
for shorter sprints, the event is usually shorter.
scrum artifacts.
scrum’s artifacts represent work or value.
they are designed to maximize transparency of key information.
thus, everyone inspecting them has the same basis for adaptation.
each artifact contains a commitment to ensure it provides information that enhances transparency and focus against which progress can be measured.
for the product backlog it is the product goal.
for the sprint backlog it is the sprint goal.
for the increment it is the definition of done.
these commitments exist to reinforce empiricism and the scrum values for the scrum team and their stakeholders.
product backlog.
the product backlog is an emergent, ordered list of what is needed to improve the product.
it is the single source of work undertaken by the scrum team.
product backlog items that can be done by the scrum team within one sprint are deemed ready for selection in a sprint planning event.
they usually acquire this degree of transparency after refining activities.
product backlog refinement is the act of breaking down and further defining product backlog items into smaller more precise items.
this is an ongoing activity to add details, such as a description, order, and size.
attributes often vary with the domain of work.
the developers who will be doing the work are responsible for the sizing.
the product owner may influence the developers by helping them understand and select trade-offs.
commitment.
product goal.
the product goal describes a future state of the product which can serve as a target for the scrum team to plan against.
the product goal is in the product backlog.
the rest of the product backlog emerges to define “what” will fulfill the product goal.
a product is a vehicle to deliver value.
it has a clear boundary, known stakeholders, well-defined users or customers.
a product could be a service, a physical product, or something more abstract.
the product goal is the long-term objective for the scrum team.
they must fulfill (or abandon) one objective before taking on the next.
sprint backlog.
the sprint backlog is composed of the sprint goal (why), the set of product backlog items selected for the sprint (what), as well as an actionable plan for delivering the increment (how).
the sprint backlog is a plan by and for the developers.
it is a highly visible, real-time picture of the work that the developers plan to accomplish during the sprint in order to achieve the sprint goal.
consequently, the sprint backlog is updated throughout the sprint as more is learned.
it should have enough detail that they can inspect their progress in the daily scrum.
commitment.
sprint goal.
the sprint goal is the single objective for the sprint.
although the sprint goal is a commitment by the developers, it provides flexibility in terms of the exact work needed to achieve it.
the sprint goal also creates coherence and focus, encouraging the scrum team to work together rather than on separate initiatives.
the sprint goal is created during the sprint planning event and then added to the sprint backlog.
as the developers work during the sprint, they keep the sprint goal in mind.
if the work turns out to be different than they expected, they collaborate with the product owner to negotiate the scope of the sprint backlog within the sprint without affecting the sprint goal.
increment.
an increment is a concrete stepping stone toward the product goal.
each increment is additive to all prior increments and thoroughly verified, ensuring that all increments work together.
in order to provide value, the increment must be usable.
multiple increments may be created within a sprint.
the sum of the increments is presented at the sprint review thus supporting empiricism.
however, an increment may be delivered to stakeholders prior to the end of the sprint.
the sprint review should never be considered a gate to releasing value.
work cannot be considered part of an increment unless it meets the definition of done.
commitment.
definition of done.
the definition of done is a formal description of the state of the increment when it meets the quality measures required for the product.
the moment a product backlog item meets the definition of done, an increment is born.
the definition of done creates transparency by providing everyone a shared understanding of what work was completed as part of the increment.
if a product backlog item does not meet the definition of done, it cannot be released or even presented at the sprint review.
instead, it returns to the product backlog for future consideration.
all scrum teams must follow the wavetronix development management definition of done as a minimum (emphasis added).
the scrum team may also create a definition of done that adds requirements to the wavetronix development management definition of done as appropriate for the product.
the developers are required to conform to the definition of done.
if there are multiple scrum teams working together on a product, they must mutually define and comply with the same definition of done.
end note.
scrum is free and offered in this guide.
the scrum framework, as outlined herein, is immutable, although the modification of a scrum implementation, so that it fits with the culture and needs of wavetronix, is deemed effective and necessary.
while implementing only parts of scrum is possible, the result is not scrum.
scrum exists only in its entirety and functions well as a container for other techniques, methodologies, and practices.
acknowledgements.
people.
of the thousands of people who have contributed to scrum, we should single out those who were instrumental at the start.
jeff sutherland worked with jeff mckenna and john scumniotales, and ken schwaber worked with mike smith and chris martin, and all of them worked together.
many others contributed in the ensuing years and without their help scrum would not be refined as it is today.
scrum guide history.
ken schwaber and jeff sutherland first co-presented scrum at the oopsla conference in 1995.
it essentially documented the learning that ken and jeff gained over the previous few years and made public the first formal definition of scrum.
the scrum guide documents scrum as developed, evolved, and sustained for 30-plus years by jeff sutherland and ken schwaber.
other sources provide patterns, processes, and insights that complement the scrum framework.
these may increase productivity, value, creativity, and satisfaction with the results.
the complete history of scrum is described elsewhere.
to honor the first places where it was tried and proven, we recognize individual inc.
, newspage, fidelity investments, and idx (now ge medical).
modifications © 2021 wavetronix.
original text © 2020 ken schwaber and jeff sutherland.
the original publication and the modifications are offered for license under the attribution share-alike license of creative commons, accessible at  and also described in summary form at  by utilizing this scrum guide, you acknowledge and agree that you have read and agree to be bound by the terms of the attribution share-alike license of creative commons.
‍.
to view the pdf that shows where we, wavetronix, made edits to the original scrum guidelines click the link below.
product.
company.
resources.
© wavetronix llc.
