home.
products & services.
stocks & funds.
crypto.
banking.
insurance.
courses.
podcast.
experts.
privacy statement.
our company is committed to preserving your trust and confidence.
because your privacy is important, we have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate this commitment.
the following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
use of your ip address.
an ip (internet protocol) address is a 32-bit numeric address written as four numbers separated by periods.
it is a unique identifier for a computer or device on a network like the internet.
we use your ip address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website.
your ip address is used to help identify you and to gather broad information to help us better serve you.
cookies.
a "cookie" is a small piece of information that is stored by your internet browser software on your computer's hard drive.
cookies are commonly used to facilitate secure website connections via a unique user-name and password, so that you can buy things in an online store and access services that are in password-protected areas of a site.
they also may be used to facilitate automatic log-in (you can save your own username and password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit).
cookies are used to authenticate website users and keep track of the user session.
they allow us to better analyze our site's traffic patterns and to provide improved content, throughput, advertisements, products and services.
they help us to refine and enhance the visitor registration process and add personalization features to customize the site to your needs.
cookies also help identify information that we may need to better serve you should there be any problems with your use of this site.
this kind of information may include the web browser you use, the type of computer, the operating system, the internet service providers and other similar information.
this information is used for various personalization features.
we may share this information with our partners, suppliers and other third parties so that they can better serve you, too.
we may sometimes display advertisements on this site from companies outside of our own.
these ads may contain their own cookies.
while we use cookies in other parts of our website, cookies received with electronic ads are collected by these other companies, and we do not have access to this information.
select customer data may be shared with the advertising companies.
collection and use of data.
our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (such as name and e-mail address), unique identifiers and demographic information (such as sex or age).
we use this information to enhance the site so that it can offer you a more personalized experience.
we also use the information to communicate information about our company, promotional material such as contests, questionnaires and surveys, and promotional material from some of our partners.
users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by using the tool explained in the "updating and removal of data" section below.
unique identifiers are collected to verify the user's identity, for use as account numbers in our record system, and for other purposes.
demographic profile data is also collected at our site.
we use this data to tailor the user experience, showing you content that is most likely to be of interest to you, and displaying the content according to your preferences.
weiss ratings alerts - sms texting.
users who have opted in to receive text alerts from weiss ratings will receive reminders, important updates, critical access links and bonuses.
users can opt-out of receiving text alerts at any time.
users are not required to opt-in to text alerts as a condition of purchasing any property, goods and services.
third-party advertising.
as an active subscriber to weiss ratings, you may opt-in to receive third party advertisements.
these advertisements will often indicate that the sender is "weiss ratings," or a name that uses similar terms.
if you click on these offers, you will be proceeding under the terms of that third-party advertiser's privacy policy.
weiss ratings is not responsible for the content of these advertisements.
weiss ratings makes no guarantee or warranty about what is advertised, and no coupon or special weiss ratings offer will be valid with these third party advertisements at any time.
if you wish to opt-out of our advertising policy, please contact us by clicking here.
links to websites outside of this one.
this site contains links to other sites outside of our own network.
we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
customer order information.
our site uses order forms for customers to request information, products and services.
contact information from the order form is used to send orders, communicate information and promotional material from our company and partner companies.
financial information that is collected is used to bill you for products and services ordered.
children's online privacy protection rule.
if a child has provided us with private information without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should e-mail us to remove the information and unsubscribe the child from any promotional contact opportunities.
consent to transfer.
this website is operated in the united states.
if you are located outside of the united states, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the united states.
by using our website, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer.
security.
the security of your information is of concern to us.
when you place orders on this site, your information is transmitted using secure sockets layer (ssl) technology.
furthermore, we have implemented industry-standard security mechanisms and procedures to protect data from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
while we are focused on the security of your information, no security is 100% effective and we cannot promise (and you should not expect), that your information will remain secure in all circumstances.
sharing your information.
we share the information that you provide to us in the following circumstances.
service providers.
from time to time, we may share information with companies and individuals who provide servicing, administrative, marketing and other services for us, or on our behalf.
these services may include fulfillment centers, mailing houses, event providers and customer support organizations.
affiliates.
from time to time, we may share information with our affiliates.
these include (a) companies that we own or control, companies that own or control us, or companies that are owned or controlled by the same companies that own or control us.
such information may be used by our affiliates to promote their products and services to you.
where such information sharing occurs, our affiliates will follow the terms contained in this policy.
law enforcement.
we may cooperate with reasonable requests for information from law enforcement agencies.
as a result, we reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies of any activities that we reasonably believe to be unlawful, or that we reasonably believe may aid a law enforcement investigation into unlawful activity.
in addition, we reserve the right to release your information to law enforcement agencies if we determine, in our sole judgment, that either you have violated our policies, or the release of your information may protect our, your, or another person's rights, property, or safety.
other persons as permitted by law.
we may share your information with others as required by, or permitted by, law.
this may include sharing your information with governmental entities, or third parties in response to subpoenas, court orders, other legal processes, or as we believe is necessary to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims that have been brought against us, or possible legal claims that we determine in our sole discretion might be brought against us.
transfers.
in the event that all, or substantially all of our assets, are acquired, your information will be transferred to the acquiring company.
notice.
if we are legally required to notify you about a security incident, we will either notify you by e-mail, writing, or phone at our discretion.
supplemental information.
this site supplements the information that you provide with information that is received from third parties.
for example, your address may run against the u.
s.
postal service database in an effort to correct any typographical errors, so that the publications you seek will indeed arrive at the right location.
updating and removal of data.
you may have your name removed from our e-mail marketing lists at any time, by contacting us by clicking here.
please read the information in this area very carefully so that you do not inadvertently discontinue the receipt of materials that you actually do wish to receive.
you can send a request by mail to the following postal address.
weiss ratings, llc, 4400 northcorp pkwy, palm beach gardens, fl 33410.
contacting the website.
if you have any questions about this statement, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, you can use our online form, call 1-877-934-7778, or write.
weiss ratings website.
4400 northcorp pkwy.
palm beach gardens, fl 33410 usa.
changes and clarifications.
we reserve the right to modify, amend, or clarify this policy at any time by posting a revised privacy policy on our website.
contact us.
about.
rating definitions.
whitelist.
terms & conditions.
privacy statement.
sign insign up.
sign in.
sign up.
home.
products & services.
stocks & fundsstocksetfsmutual funds.
stocks.
etfs.
mutual funds.
cryptocoinsindexesexchanges.
coins.
indexes.
exchanges.
bankingbanksfailurescredit unionsfailures.
banksfailures.
failures.
credit unionsfailures.
failures.
insurancehealthlife & annuityproperty & casualtyinsurance failures.
health.
life & annuity.
property & casualty.
insurance failures.
courses.
podcast.
experts.
contact us.
terms & conditions.
privacy statement.
whitelist.
