(310) 644-0251.
home.
company.
emi filter connectors.
discrete / multi-circuit filters.
contract manufacturing.
resources.
news.
quality.
contact us.
privacy policy.
this is the web site of.
wems electronicsaddress.
4650 west rosecrans ave.
hawthorne, ca 90250phone.
(310) 644-0251e-mail.
.
for each visitor to our web page, our web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address.
we collect information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
the information we collect is used to improve the content of our web page, used to notify consumers about updates to our web site, disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website.
with respect to cookies.
we use cookies to store visitors preferences, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site, customize web page content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends.
if you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
from time to time, we make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site and our customer e-mail list available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting.
if you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above.
if you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events.
if you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above.
please provide us with your exact name and address.
we will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.
persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events.
if you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
with respect to ad servers.
we do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
from time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.
if our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward.
if you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our web site periodically.
customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address.
upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them.
consumers can access this information by e-mailing us at the above address, and can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address.
with respect to security.
we have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
if you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number, state or local consumer protection office, the federal trade commission by phone at 202.
ftc-help (202.
382.
4357) or electronically at .
employment.
privacy policy.
copyright 2021 wems electronics.
all rights reserved.
4650 west rosecrans ave.
hawthorne, ca 90250email.
phone.
(310) 644-0251      fax.
(310) 644-5334.
