our work.
our services.
company.
resources faqsinfographicsnewscase study.
faqs.
infographics.
news.
case study.
blog.
contact.
home.
our work.
our services.
company.
resources mobile app design and development case studiesfrequently asked questionsinfographicsblue whale apps news and events.
mobile app design and development case studies.
frequently asked questions.
infographics.
blue whale apps news and events.
blog.
contact.
got an idea.
a vision.
we want to hear it.
…or email us at and we’ll follow up promptly.
privacy policy.
blue whale apps, inc.
privacy policy.
blue whale apps (“we,” “us,” “our”, “blue whale”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personally identifiable information.
we have adopted this privacy policy to explain what information may be collected on this web site (“site”) and how such information may be used and/or shared with others.
by using this site, you acknowledge and agree to all of the terms set forth in this privacy policy.
please return to this site and review this privacy policy from time to time, as it may be amended without notice.
any changes to this privacy policy will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised privacy policy on the site.
our website provides information about blue whale’s general business, work profile, service insights, or products etc.
we have created this privacy policy based on our dedication and commitment to protecting our client’s privacy.
the following statements will disclose our information gathering and dissemination practices for the blue whale apps website.
collection of personal information.
at blue whales, we take the data protection very seriously and strictly adhere to the confidentiality of the information shared by every individual or client who is interested to do business with us.
by accessing our website you agree with our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this privacy policy.
we may require information such as name, contact number, and email address, in order to transact business with you.
we will use this data to provide information requested by you for fulfilling business transactions or for other purposes set out in this notice.
we would like to give an assurance that we do not collect any sensitive information like political or religious or philosophical opinions, racial or ethnic origin or trade union membership, genetic or biometric data or data concerning health or sexual orientation.
gdpr data privacy rules.
as per the gdpr, aka general data protection regulation act rolled out on may 25th, 2018, we have updated our privacy policy.
we would like to inform that all our survey tools are fully gdpr compliant.
at blue whales, we use all the latest techniques to collect personal data as well as confidential data and these insights are in compliance with the gdpr act and cyber-security.
the content which we will collect through this website, we will obtain through your explicit consent.
we will use the data collected to enhance our services, and better understand our customer’s needs and expectations.
this is also to ensure the security of our services and that they are functioning properly.
purpose of data collection and legal requirements.
the sole purpose of data collection is to use it for marketing and sales reasons.
in case of any legal requirements, we may disclose any personally identifiable or non-personally identifiable information in accordance with the law or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary in order to.
fulfill a government request.
conform with the requirements of the law or to comply with legal process served on us.
to defend or protect the legal rights or property of blue whale web solutions, inc.
the site or its users.
in an emergency, to protect the health and safety of the users of the site or the general public.
web browser cookies when you visit the blue whale apps website, our site may use “cookies” to enhance user experience.
cookies are basically small chunks of information stored on your hard-drive in order to track information about our users and for record-keeping purposes.
be aware that cookies are not used to spy on you or invade your privacy or steal information.
the sole purpose of cookies is for easy navigation through the website and deliver specific content as per your interest and to prevent data reentering while you register yourself at each connection.
linksthis site may contain links to other web sites that are not controlled or maintained by blue whale.
please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other web sites.
we encourage you to note when you leave this site and to read the privacy statements of such other web site before submitting any personally identifiable information.
this privacy policy applies solely to information collected through this web site.
additional informationif you have any questions about this privacy policy or the use of your personally identifiable information, or if you or require any additional information or any amendments in any personally identifiable information you have provided, please fill our request form on our contact page and our experts will get back to you as soon as possible.
questions and contact informationif you have any questions about this privacy policy or the use of your personally identifiable information, or if you wish to review or amend any personally identifiable information you have provided, please send fill out our request form on our contact page.
our workour servicescompanyresourcesblogcontact.
our work.
our services.
company.
resources.
blog.
contact.
our servicesit strategy consulting companyui ux design agencycustom app development companyapp marketing agencygovernment website design companyblockchain (dapp) developmentproduct design and developmentiphone app development companyandroid app developmentapp backend developmentmore….
our services.
it strategy consulting company.
ui ux design agency.
custom app development company.
app marketing agency.
government website design company.
blockchain (dapp) development.
product design and development.
iphone app development company.
android app development.
app backend development.
more….
workspiderdoor – self storage appmobilears – audiology app for testing hearing capacitiesavnet – event management appredban – customer engagement appsobio – social networking appspirilite – healthcare appmax & molly – dating appcheckup – patient monitoring appmore….
work.
spiderdoor – self storage app.
mobilears – audiology app for testing hearing capacities.
avnet – event management app.
redban – customer engagement app.
sobio – social networking app.
spirilite – healthcare app.
max & molly – dating app.
checkup – patient monitoring app.
more….
companyvision & missionhistorycareers.
company.
vision & mission.
history.
careers.
resourcesfrequently asked questionsinfographicsblue whale apps news and events.
resources.
frequently asked questions.
infographics.
blue whale apps news and events.
mobile.
+1-561-753-0776.
email.
.
follow us on social media.
5.
0 / 5.
0 by 500+ customers for 1100+ web, mobile and cloud app development projects.
all product and company names are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective holders.
use of them does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them.
privacy overview.
get our brochure.
thank you for subscribing.
you’ll now receive out latest articles, tips, news and whitepapers.
in the meantime explore our home page to check our services.
