servicesapplicationsartificial & augmented intelligencebusiness solutionscloudconsultingcybersecuritydata & analyticsdesign & experiencedigital marketing & interactiondigital operations & platformsengineeringinfrastructuresustainabilitytalent cloud.
industriesaerospace & defenseautomotivebankingcapital marketscommunicationsconsumer electronicsconsumer packaged goodseducationengineering construction & operationshealthcareindustrial & process manufacturinginsurancelife sciences & pharmamedia & info servicesmedical devicesnatural resourcesnetwork & edge providersoil & gasplatforms & software productsprofessional servicespublic sectorretailsemiconductorstransportation & servicesutilities.
insightsfeatured insightsfrom our ceobusiness strategydigital transformationsustainabilitytechnology trends.
about wiproabout usanalyst speakinclusion and diversityinvestorsleadershiplocationnews & eventspartner ecosystemsustainabilitythe story of wiproprivacy at wiprosupplier diversity.
careers.
contact us.
america.
united states.
canada.
brazilenpo.
mexicoensp.
latam.
europeende.
benelux.
nordic.
southern europeenfr.
de ende.
switzerland ende.
asia pacific.
asean.
korea.
china.
australia & new zealand.
japan enjp.
taiwan.
india & middle east.
india.
middle                        east.
africa.
united kingdom &                    ireland.
global site.
privacy statement.
objective.
this privacy statement articulates the privacy and data protection principles followed by wipro limited (hereinafter referred to as “wipro”) and its entities around the world with regards to the personal information of its customers (including products, outsourcing and other services clients), partners, employees (current or former employees, trainees), applicants, contractors, prospects and vendors and current or former members of the board of directors, whose personal information are processed by wipro ("data subjects").
this privacy statement explains the use and protection of personal information collected by wipro.
it applies to any personal information you provide to wipro and, subject to local law, any personal information we collect from other sources.
throughout this privacy statement, “wipro” refers to wipro limited, including its affiliates and subsidiaries (also referred to as “we”, “us”, or “our”).
scope of this privacy statement.
this privacy statement covers our information practices, including how we collect, use, share and protect the personal information you provide to us, through our web sites that link to this privacy statement (collectively referred to as “wipro’s web sites”).
wipro may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information.
if you access those links through the wipro website, you will leave the wipro website.
wipro does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from wipro’s practices.
we do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites.
the personal information you choose to provide to or that is collected by these third parties, including any social media websites featured on our website, is not covered by the wipro’s privacy statement.
we encourage you to review the privacy statement or policy of any website before submitting your personal information.
we may also provide social media features on our website that enable you to share wipro information with your social networks and to interact with wipro on various social media sites.
your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of information about you, depending on the feature.
we encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the social media sites with which you interact to make sure you understand how the information provided by you could be used or shared by those sites.
wipro’s websites are not directed at nor targeted at children.
no one who has not reached the age of thirteen may use the websites unless supervised by an adult.
by accessing this website you represent and warrant that you are 13 years of age or older.
wipro will not be liable for any unsolicited information provided by you.
you consent to wipro using such information as per wipro’s privacy statement.
personal information collected by wipro.
we may collect personal information such as your first name, last name, e-mail address, job title, organization name, country, city and phone number.
when you provide information that enables us to respond to your request for products or services, we will, wherever permissible by relevant laws, collect, use and disclose this information to third parties for the purposes described in this privacy statement.
personal information that you provide to wipro directly through websites or emails.
we may collect personal information such as your first name, last name, e-mail address, job title, organization name, country, city and phone number, industry type when you fill forms on or raise a query through our websites, or send emails, call us or write to us.
personal information that is automatically collected by wipro when you use wipro websites.
visit wipro websites.
in some instances, wipro automatically collects personal information pertaining to you when you visit our websites and through e-mails that we may exchange.
we may use automated technologies including the use of web server logs to collect ip addresses, device details, cookies and web beacons.
the collection of this information will allow us to improve the effectiveness of wipro websites and our marketing activities.
please see the section below on cookies for further details.
by using wipro’s websites, associated microsites and mobile applications, you agree to the processing of your information as explained in this privacy statement.
wipro websites may contain links to other sites which are outside our control and are not covered by this privacy statement.
we encourage you to review the privacy statement/notice of each website you visit.
personal information that is collected from third party sources.
engage with wipro through social media.
you can engage with us through social media websites or through features on wipro websites that integrate with social media sites.
when you engage with us through social media sites, you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile based upon your privacy preference settings on such platform.
personal information that is collected when you access our websites through mobile devices.
access our websites through mobile devices.
if you access our websites on your mobile device, we may collect your personal information such as your first name, last name, e-mail address, job title, organization name, country, city, phone number, ip address and device details.
when you provide us your mobile phone number, you consent to the use of your mobile phone number for the purposes identified in this privacy statement.
if you choose to refrain from receiving any text notifications from us on your mobile, we will not be using your mobile number for such purposes unless required to meet legal requirements or legitimate business purposes.
how we use your data.
the personal information we collect may be used to.
provide information and services as requested by you.
assess queries, requirements, and process requests for products and services.
to provide subscription related services and information.
to enable you to download collaterals and marketing materials.
perform client communication, service, billing and administration.
conduct data analysis.
assess web site performance and usage analysis.
maintain leads.
run marketing or promotional campaigns.
create brand awareness.
provide better services and generate demand.
market products and services based on legitimate business interest under the applicable law.
or.
conduct processing necessary to fulfil other contractual obligations for the individual.
the legal basis may differ depending on applicable local laws, but generally we consider that our legitimate interests justify the processing.
we find such interests to be justified considering that the data is limited to browsing activities related to what is considered business or professional related (our website does not offer any content directed to individual consumers as well as any content which might be used for any inferences about your private life habits or interests), we provide easy opt-out and limit the retention of data.
the data that we may receive directly from you is completely voluntary and at your option.
where consent is required specifically, we will obtain consent before processing.
sharing of personal information with the third parties.
wipro does not share personal information about you with affiliates, partners, service providers, group entities and non-affiliated companies except.
(a) to provide products or services you’ve requested.
(b) when we have your permission.
or (c) under the following circumstances.
we may share information with affiliated entities/subsidiaries/branch offices for legitimate business purposes.
we may provide the information to trusted entities who work on behalf of or with wipro under strict confidentiality agreements.
these entities may use your personal information to help wipro communicate with you about offers from wipro and for other legitimate business purposes.
however, these companies do not have any independent right to further share or disseminate this information.
we may share information with statutory authorities, government institutions, law enforcement agencies or other bodies where required for compliance with legal requirements.
we may use the information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
we may share information where we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action against any illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required by law.
we may share information with our empanelled vendors for assistance w.
r.
to setting up business meetings post your consent.
we may share information where we believe it is necessary in order to protect or enforce wipro’s rights, usage terms, intellectual or physical property or for safety of wipro or associated parties.
we may share information about you if wipro is acquired by or merged with another company after ensuring such company offers equivalent level of protection for personal data.
preferences.
wipro takes reasonable steps to keep your personal information accurate and complete.
you can access or update your personal information in the following ways.
profile.
if you have created a profile or account on one of our websites, you can update your contact information after you log into your account.
newsletters.
if you request electronic communications, such as an e-newsletter, you will be able to unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions included in the communication.
mobile devices.
if you previously chose to receive push notifications on your mobile device from us but no longer wish to receive them, you can manage your preferences either through your device or the application settings.
if you no longer wish to have any information collected by the mobile application, you may uninstall the application by using the uninstall process available on your mobile device.
cookies and other technologies.
a cookie is a small file, typically of letters and numbers, downloaded to a user's computer or mobile device when the user accesses certain websites.
cookies are then sent back to originating website on each subsequent visit.
cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device.
they are used for a wide variety of purposes such as website analytics – counting visitors and their behaviour, targeted advertising, recording user preferences or for authentication.
strictly necessary cookies - these cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems.
they are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
you can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
these cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
performance cookies - these cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.
they help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
all information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
if you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
functionality cookies - these cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation.
they may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
if you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
targeting cookies - these cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners.
they may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.
they do not store directly personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device.
if you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
we use cookies on our websites to personalize content and ads, to analyse our traffic and performance, to provide social media features and for the functioning of the website.
details about each of the categories of the cookies we use according to all purposes stated above can be viewed on cookie classification page.
you can change your cookies preference any time from  cookie settings.
we also disclose information about your use of our site to our social media/advertising/analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you have provided to them or which they have collected from your use of their services.
you consent to our cookies if you continue to use this website.
you can manage the non-essential or functional cookies in your browser.
these settings are usually found within the ‘privacy’ section of browsers.
chrome.
.
firefox.
.
ie.
.
you can choose to accept or decline cookies, either by selecting accept or decline in the banner on your first visit (in the latter case we will try to set a cookie to record your preference for future visits), or by changing the settings in your web browser.
most web browsers are set by accept cookies by default, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer.
these settings are usually found within the ‘privacy’ section.
for mobile devices these may be within the browser app settings.
if you choose not to accept our various cookies, this will prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
if you wish to delete cookies which have already been placed on your computer’s hard drive, you can do so through your browser, and further information on how to do this can be found here.
.
we also use web beacons or tracking pixels in our emails and web pages which help us to monitor whether you have opened any newsletters we may have sent to you.
a web beacon is one of various techniques used on web pages or email, to unobtrusively (usually invisibly) allow checking that a user has accessed some content.
common uses are email tracking and page tagging for web analytics.
we use this information to deliver you a personalized service by ensuring that we send you information that we believe you will find interesting based on the content we know you have engaged with previously.
please refer to the links provided below to know more about the third-party analytics cookies used on wipro websites –.
google analytics cookies.
to provide website visitors with more choice on how their data is collected by google analytics, google have developed the google analytics opt-out browser add-on.
the add-on communicates with the google analytics javascript (ga.
js) to indicate that information about the website visit should not be sent to google analytics.
the google analytics opt-out browser add-on does not prevent information from being sent to the website itself or to other web analytics services.
adobe analytics cookies.
our website also includes functionality to interact with social media websites where you may have accounts, such as facebook, twitter and linkedin (“third party accounts”).
you should be aware that these sites may set cookies while you’re using this website, and use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of information about you.
we encourage you to review your privacy settings on the social media sites with which you interact, together with their privacy policies, to make sure you understand the information that could be shared by those sites.
the following pixel/tags are used for social media.
linkedin insights tag for conversion tracking.
terms and conditions.
facebook pixel  - terms and conditions for use.
twitter tailored audiences and conversion tracking program.
terms and conditions.
email.
you can contact us at the e-mail or postal address listed in the "contact us" section at the bottom of this statement.
please include your current contact information, the information you are interested in accessing and your requests with regard to the same if any.
we will endeavour to respond to your request, subject to reasonable limitations provided by law, unless it infringes on the privacy of other individuals.
if we are unable to entertain your request, we will provide you with the reason for refusal and inform you of any exceptions relied upon.
anti-spam policy.
wipro recognizes the receipt, transmission or distribution of spam emails (i.
e.
unsolicited bulk emails) as a major concern and has taken reasonable measures to minimize the transmission and effect of spam emails in our computing environment.
all emails received by wipro are subject to spam check.
any email identified as spam will be rejected with sufficient information to the sender for taking necessary action.
with this measure, along with other technical spam reduction measures, wipro hopes to minimize the effect of spam emails.
wipro reserves the right to reject and/or report any suspicious spam emails, to the authorities concerned, for necessary action.
data protection and confidentiality.
wipro has implemented reasonable and adequate physical, technical and administrative security measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction.
wipro discloses information to third parties only for legitimate purposes such as our service providers and agents who are bound to maintain the confidentiality of personal information and may not use the information for any unauthorized purpose.
wipro will ensure through formally executed contracts that the service providers are committed to “same level of data protection” as applicable data protection laws and regulations.
wipro will take reasonable steps to ensure that all dealings in personal information, shall.
be processed fairly & lawfully.
be obtained only with the consent of the information provider.
be collected, only when.
the information is collected for a lawful purpose connected with a function or activity of wipro.
and.
the collection of the sensitive personal data or information is considered necessary for that purpose.
be available for review by the information provider, as and when requested.
be kept secure against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage, as per the prescribed standards to protect the quality and integrity of your personal information.
your ("data subjects”) rights with respect to your personal information.
your rights may differ depending on applicable data protection local laws.
we respect your right to be informed, access, correct, request deletion or request restriction, portability, objection, and rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling, in our usage of your personal information as may be required under applicable law.
we also take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate and up to date.
subject to such laws, you may have the following rights.
you have the right to know what personal information we maintain about you.
we will provide you with a copy of your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format on request.
if your personal information is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to ask us to update it.
you have the right to object to our processing of your personal information.
you can also ask us to delete or restrict how we use your personal information, but this right is determined by applicable law and may impact your access to some of our services.
you can have the right to access your personal information.
you have a right to object to processing of your personal information where it is so conducted by automated means and involves any kind of decision-making.
further, you have the option to file a complaint for suspected or actual violations of your data protection rights with the relevant supervisory authority if you are from eea.
please note.
you will also not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
right to opt out.
wipro respects your privacy considerations and hence provides an option to you, to not provide the data or information sought to be collected.
further, you can also withdraw your consent which was earlier given to wipro  (which shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal), and the same must be communicated to wipro in writing.
please note you can always unsubscribe to marketing communication through clicking unsubscribe available in the marketing communication(s) you receive.
access and rectification.
you have a right to request access to your personal information.
you may send us a request for access.
you also have the right to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information.
if you have an account with the wipro site, this can usually be done through the appropriate "your account" or "your profile" section on the website otherwise, you can send us a request to rectify your data by writing to us at .
we will make a sincere effort to respond in a timely manner to your requests to correct inaccuracies in your personal information.
to correct inaccuracies in your personal information, please return the message containing the inaccuracies to the sender.
all of the above relevant rights (including ones as applicable under gdpr, lgpd, pipeda, arco rights etc but not limited to) can be exercised by writing to .
.
to know more about how we process your information including transfers, you may reach out to.
.
if you are a california resident, more information about applicable rights can be accessed here.
retention of personal information.
we will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the services you have requested, or for other essential purposes such as performance of a contract, complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our policies.
disclosure of information.
wipro may share your personal information with your consent, or where the disclosure is necessary for compliance of a legal obligation or where required by government agencies mandated under law to procure such disclosure.
it shall also take steps to ensure that the information transferred to a third party is not further disclosed by it except where permissible under law.
international transfer of personal information.
wipro may transfer your personal information across geographical borders to wipro entities or service providers working on our behalf in other countries with different data protection laws that may not be on par with that of the origin country.
a transfer of personal information has a broad meaning and occurs when information is communicated, moved, accessed or otherwise sent to another country.
in cases where personal information would need to be transferred outside of a country where wipro operates, towards other jurisdictions, specific requirements may apply for such transfer to be allowed.
for instance, data protection laws of the eea and of switzerland authorize the transfer of personal information.
to countries which have been recognized by the european commission as offering an adequate level of protection for personal information.
if appropriate measures in compliance with the european union data protection legal requirements are in place in order to ensure the protection and the confidentiality of personal information in the countries that do not offer an adequate level of protection.
this is the case where the recipient wipro entity or third party concludes with the exporting relevant entity of wipro an agreement based on the european union standard contractual clauses, to ensure the protection of personal information.
wipro may also transfer personal information to a third party located outside the eea or switzerland without having to implement the above measures where one of the following conditions is met.
the data subject has given her/his consent to wipro for the transfer her/his personal information.
wipro needs to carry out the transfer of personal information to perform or conclude a contract with the data subject.
the transfer of personal information is necessary (i) to protect the data subject's vital interests (i.
e.
in case of a life or death situation), or  (ii) to allow wipro to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim, or (iii)  for reasons of public interest.
the transfer covers personal information publicly available (for instance from a public register).
authenticity.
wipro shall not be responsible for the authenticity of the personal information supplied to it by its service providers, whose duty it is to ensure that the information provided by it or its employees is authentic.
grievance redressal.
any grievance or complaint, in relation to processing of personal information, should be sent to wipro in writing to following contact email id.
grievance shall be redressed as expeditiously as possible.
the contact information for the grievance officer for india is durga bharath attaluri, director - head of global data privacy office.
e-mail address – .
effective date.
this privacy statement is effective from 30th july 2021 and it supersedes all existing polices on the subject matter.
changes to this privacy statement.
please note that this privacy statement may be subject to change from time to time.
the revised privacy statement will accordingly be published on this page.
we will not reduce your rights under this privacy statement without your explicit consent.
please regularly check this privacy statement to ensure you are aware of the latest updates with respect to the same.
this privacy statement was last updated on 30th july 2021.
contact us.
if you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy statement or processing of your personal information, please fill out the form below or contact us by writing to.
wipro limited.
doddakannelli, sarjapur road.
bengaluru - 560 035, india.
ph.
+91 (80) 28440011.
fax.
+91 (80) 28440256.
email.
.
in case of any queries with respect to personal data processing, the global data privacy team can be reached out at.
.
data privacy officer for brazil is gustavo luize.
email address.
.
contact us.
contact wipro.
please fill the required details to access the content.
