tags.
probes.
leak-sensor.
range.
how to use.
about.
specs.
buy now.
trusted by professionals.
in addition to thousands of individual users, wireless tags are used by restaurants and hospitals around the world for monitoring freezer,						property management companies and contractors						for remote monitoring warehouses and buildings.
a number of research institutes and government organizations use wireless tag for environmental assessment and other projects.
lg lab in baffalo grove, il use our products to test their appliance products.
our simple yet scalable architecture enable large scale deployment.
our repeat customers include.
warranty and returns.
if you are not happy with our products you can return them within 60 days for a						refund or exchange using a pre-paid return shipping label provided by us (available for returns from usa).
we will provide full refund of the price you paid for the product except the original shipping costs (return shipping is free).
our products are covered by 1 year (3 year for outdoor probe category) limited warranty,						during that time we offer exchange if our product malfunctions as the result of						any manufacturing defects.
you may contact us for technical support (for warranty exchange)						or click here to automatically print a pre-paid return shipping label for refund within 60 days.
malfunction due to reasons other than manufacturing defects include using the product						outside its specified operating environment (see specifications) such as						submerging into water or exposing to condensing environment (for example using in outdoor environment products intended to be used indoor,  or allowing condensation to form on the products), 						prolonged exposure to very high temperature, or dropping from a high place.
these are not covered by this warranty.
shipping.
orders placed through  are shipped within 3 business days after they were placed.
we currently ship orders 2 days a week.
once your order is shipped you will receive an email or two with any tracking information available.
you can check order status by logging into your account at store.
wirelesstag.
net.
we do not offer expedited processing or warehouse pickup of orders because orders are pick&packed in random order on the day they ship.
privacy policy.
information we collect and how we use it.
we may collect the following types of information.
email addresses you provide – when you sign up for a mytaglist.
com account,								we ask you for your email address to 1) identify your account, and 2) to allow you								to retrieve lost password.
when you configure tag manager to send out notification								emails, we ask you for the email address to deliver such notification email messages.
we do not verify any email address you supply is valid or not.
this allows you to use any text that resembles an email address to identify your account and to use our products and services.
temperature, humidity, moisture and/or motion data collected by wireless sensor tags you use								– in order to generate your personal temperature graphs or event logs for your account, we store these information until you delete								them from the app user interface.
we associate these information with your account.
because we only collect email address (which does not have to be a valid one)								for each account, the source and exact location of these information will not be individually identifiable.
name, comment and/or picture for each sensor that you assign or provide – it is completely optional for you to assign name, comment or picture for each sensor tag to help you tell one sensor tag from another.
you can permanently delete or alter the these information any time by using the mobile app or web browser interface.
log information – when you access cao gadgets services via a browser, application								or other client, our servers automatically record certain information.
they include								information such as your web request, your interaction with a service, internet								protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request								and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your account.
we use this information to improve server performance and our other services.
user communications – when you send email or other communications to cao								gadgets, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries,								respond to your requests and improve our services.
we may use your email address								to communicate with you about our services.
if we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was								collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use.
we processes personal								information on our servers in the united states of america and in other countries.
in some cases, we process personal information outside your own country.
choices.
we will collect personal identification information from users only if they voluntarily								submit such information to us.
we will collect personal identification information								from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us.
you can always refuse								to supply personally identification information, in such case, certain services								such as accessing your tag list from a web browser, or retrieving lost password								through email may not be available.
most browsers are initially set up to accept								cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when								a cookie is being sent.
however, some features and services may not function properly								if your cookies are disabled.
how we protect your information.
we adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security								measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction								of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data								stored on our site.
we restrict access to personal information to our employees,								contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it								on our behalf.
these individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may								be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they								fail to meet these obligations.
information sharing.
we do not sell, trade, or rent users personal identification information to others.
we may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal								identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners,								trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
if cao gadgets								llc becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all								of its assets, we will ensure the confidentiality of any personal information involved								in such transactions and provide notice before personal information is transferred								and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
accessing and updating personal information.
when you use cao gadgets services, we make good faith efforts to provide you with								access to your personal information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate								or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained								by law or for legitimate business purposes.
we ask individual users to identify								themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before								processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably								repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize								the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests								concerning information residing on backup tapes), or for which access is not otherwise								required.
in any case where we provide information access and correction, we perform								this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate								effort.
because of the way we maintain certain services, after you delete your information,								residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active								servers and may remain in our backup systems.
terms of service.
the manufacturer of this product does not guarantee the fitness of this product for any specific purpose.
the functionality of this product, the accuracy, timeliness, or completeness of the information provided by each wireless sensor tag,						are affected by many factors including, but not limited to, magnetic interference in the environment, temperature, humidity, quality of your internet connection,						temporary outage of mytaglist.
com or our other servers, google or apple servers for push notification delivery, or the internet connection of your phone or pc.
therefore, do not rely on information provided by, or functionality of this product for any potentially mission-critical applications which may result in injury,						death, or financial loss.
you agree to use information provided by this product for convenience purpose only, and to always check its accuracy using other methods.
the manufacturer of this product shall be liable only up to the sale price of this product for any loss caused by using this product.
if you do not agree to the above terms of service, please promptly return this product within 60 days and receive a full refund of your purchase price						less original shipping cost.
some of the features of this product, including real-time notification provided on ios devices through apple push notification service						and on android devices through firebase messaging rely on these third parties’ services, and you are bound by these third parties’ terms of service by using these features.
contact us.
technical support.
(requires login with your app login for creating a support ticket to obtain account specific technical support) 								(866) 824-9684 (9am-6pm pacific time).
write us.
cao gadgets llc								50 tesla								irvine, ca 92618								usa.
wireless tag.
news.
features.
outdoor probe.
quad water leak sensor.
range.
buy.
contact/return policy.
help.
ios manual.
web/android manual.
support.
faq.
developers.
json api.
kumoapp scripts.
ifttt.
users.
ios app download.
android app download.
web interface login.
"wireless sensor tags", "kumosensor" and "kumostat" are trademarks of cao gadgets llc.
© 2012-2022 cao gadgets llc.
