privacy policy.
introductionwisedocs respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data.
important informationthe data we collecthow is data collectedhow we use datadisclosuressecurityimportant informationpurpose of this privacy noticeread this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide.
this privacy notice is issued on behalf of wisedocs so when we mention "wisedocs”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice, that is who we are referring to.
contact detailsour contact details are.
123 edward st, suite 205 toronto, oncanadam5g 0a8email.
linksthis website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications.
clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you.
we do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements.
when you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
the data we collectpersonal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified.
it does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
we may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you.
identity datacontact datausage datamarketing and communications datahow is your personal data collected.
we use different methods to collect data from and about you including through.
direct interactions.
you may give us your identity, contact and financial data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise.
this includes personal data you provide when you.
apply for our products or services.
fill in forms or create an account on our website.
subscribe to our service or publications.
request further information to be sent to you.
enter a competition, promotion or survey.
orgive us some feedback.
third parties or publicly available sources.
we may receive personal data about you from various third parties as set out below.
technical data from the following parties.
analytics providers.
advertising networks.
andsearch information providers.
contact, financial and transaction data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services.
identity and contact data from data brokers or aggregators.
identity and contact data from publicly availably sources.
how we use your personal datawe will only use your personal data when the law allows us to.
most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances.
where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message.
you have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
disclosures of your personal datawe may have to share your personal data, including with.
internal third partiesexternal third partiesthird parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets.
we require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law.
we do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
data securitywe have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.
in addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know.
they will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
we have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
your legal rightsyou have the right to.
request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”).
this enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
request correction of the personal data that we hold about you.
this enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
request erasure of your personal data.
this enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it.
you also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law.
note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms.
you also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
in some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
request restriction of processing of your personal data.
this enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios.
(a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy.
(b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.
(c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party.
we will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data.
however, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent.
if you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you.
we will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
menu.
home.
about.
case studies.
blog.
policies.
privacy policy.
terms of service.
get in touch.
careers.
contact us.
