technology vendors.
recent research.
newsletter.
media support.
login.
who we servefunctioncorporate strategycorporate venture capitalventure capitalcorporate innovationwells fargo success storylearn more →industriesconsumertechinsurancehealthcarefinancial services3m success storylearn more →success stories.
functioncorporate strategycorporate venture capitalventure capitalcorporate innovationwells fargo success storylearn more →.
corporate strategy.
corporate venture capital.
venture capital.
corporate innovation.
wells fargo success storylearn more →.
wells fargo success story.
learn more →.
industriesconsumertechinsurancehealthcarefinancial services3m success storylearn more →.
consumer.
tech.
insurance.
healthcare.
financial services.
3m success storylearn more →.
3m success story.
learn more →.
success stories.
how we helpunderstand tech marketsanticipate competitor strategydetermine tech strategyconnect with tech vendors & partnersturbocharge digital transformation.
understand tech markets.
anticipate competitor strategy.
determine tech strategy.
connect with tech vendors & partners.
turbocharge digital transformation.
what we offerplatformoverviewmarket analytics and visualizationsteam management and collaborationtechnology search engineplatform overviewlearn more →dataresearchapi & data feedsanalyst briefingspricing.
platformoverviewmarket analytics and visualizationsteam management and collaborationtechnology search engineplatform overviewlearn more →.
overview.
market analytics and visualizations.
team management and collaboration.
technology search engine.
platform overviewlearn more →.
platform overview.
learn more →.
data.
research.
api & data feeds.
analyst briefings.
pricing.
about usoverviewour teamsbusiness developmentengineeringoperationsproductsee all →open jobs.
overview.
our teamsbusiness developmentengineeringoperationsproductsee all →.
business development.
engineering.
operations.
product.
see all →.
open jobs.
xloong.
the profile is currenly unclaimed by the seller.
all information is provided by cb insights.
overview & products.
financials.
people.
customers.
stage.
total raised.
revenue.
about xloong.
xloong is engaged in the research, development, and sales of ar glasses.
its flagship product is ar boss smart glasses techlens, a wearable hardware system that can be used in applications such as security & protection, medical treatment, warehouse logistics, and routing inspection.
the company has also developed xloong sport smart glasses and qqloong ar pad for children.
xloong headquarter location.
3rd floor, no.
6, diamond business park no.
49 badachu road, shijingshan district.
beijing, beijing,.
china.
+86 400-0602216.
predict your next investment.
the cb insights tech market intelligence platform analyzes millions of data points on venture capital, startups, patents , partnerships and news mentions to help you see tomorrow's opportunities, today.
research containing xloong.
get data-driven expert analysis from the cb insights intelligence unit.
cb insights intelligence analysts have mentioned xloong in  1 cb insights research brief, most recently on feb 9, 2022.
feb 9, 2022.
expert collections containing xloong.
expert collections are analyst-curated lists that highlight the companies you need to know in the most important technology spaces.
xloong is included in 2 expert collections, including ar/vr.
ar/vr.
1,370 items.
store management tech (in-store retail tech).
357 items.
latest xloong news.
aug 26, 2018.
aug 26, 2018chinese startup xloong is providing ar glasses to six local public security bureaus in the country to enable police to cross-reference faces against a national database, nikkei asia review reports.
the glasses are equipped with cameras and embedded computer chips, allowing images to be superimposed on the visual field, and alerts to be received by the wearer.
police in beijing, tianjin, and xinjiang uighur autonomous region are among those using xloong glasses, and the company’s founder and ceo shi xiaogang told the review at the forbes under 30 summit asia in hong kong that the company will focus 80 percent of its efforts on security applications for the time being.
it also makes goggles for sports and glasses for industrial applications, but most of its revenue comes from law enforcement.
xloong recorded 30 million yuan (us$4.
35 million) in revenue in the last fiscal year, with a net loss due to research and development investment.
“the market and the technology are not mature enough for mass-scale adoption yet, at least five more years is needed for augmented-reality glasses to be widely used among ordinary consumers,” shi says.
the sports goggles retail for 2,999 yuan ($440), which shi said yields very slim profit, so the domestic security market, which spent 1.
24 trillion yuan ($181.
8 billion) last year according to china’s ministry of finance, is the company’s main target.
earlier this year it was reported that police in china’s henan province are using glasses from llvision equipped with facial recognition technology .
xloong web traffic.
xloong rank.
where is xloong's headquarters.
xloong's headquarters is located at 3rd floor, no.
6, diamond business park, beijing.
where is xloong's headquarters.
xloong's headquarters is located at 3rd floor, no.
6, diamond business park, beijing.
what is xloong's latest funding round.
xloong's latest funding round is incubator/accelerator.
what is xloong's latest funding round.
xloong's latest funding round is incubator/accelerator.
how much did xloong raise.
xloong raised a total of $8.
27m.
how much did xloong raise.
xloong raised a total of $8.
27m.
who are the investors of xloong.
investors of xloong include baidu ai accelerator, gobi partners, boe technology group, luxshare precision, cretrend capital and 4 more.
who are the investors of xloong.
investors of xloong include baidu ai accelerator, gobi partners, boe technology group, luxshare precision, cretrend capital and 4 more.
discover the right solution for your team.
the cb insights tech market intelligence platform analyzes millions of data points on vendors, products, partnerships, and patents to help your team find their next technology solution.
about.
about us.
contact us.
how we help.
understand tech markets.
anticipate competitor strategy.
create tech strategy.
connect with tech vendors.
turbocharge digital transformation.
what we offer.
platform.
data.
research overview.
api & data feeds.
pricing.
popular research.
digital health 150.
fintech 250.
unicorn tracker.
company directory.
esp market matrix directory.
vc glossary.
retail tech 100.
terms of service.
council terms and conditions.
privacy policy.
do not sell my info.
partnership.
copyright 2022 cb information services, inc.
all rights reserved.
cbi websites generally use certain cookies to enable better interactions with our sites and services.
use of these cookies, which may be stored on your device, permits us to improve and customize your experience.
you can read more about your cookie choices at our privacy policy here.
by continuing to use this site you are consenting to these choices.
