product.
insights.
case studies.
newsroom.
privacy and cookies policy.
introduction.
these are the terms of use for  (site).
the site is operated by or on behalf of xyz reality limited (we, us and our).
we are a limited company, registered in england.
our registered company number is 10660835, and our registered office is at unit g0, g02, 338-346 goswell road angel, clerkenwell, london, united kingdom, ec1v 7lq.
our vat registration number is 273360996.
for any queries, please contact .
we are a controller for the purposes of the general data protection regulation (regulation (eu) 2016/679).
our representative for the purpose of data protection compliance is umar ahmed who can be contacted at .
your use of our website is subject to these terms and by using the site you agree to be bound by them.
use of your personal information submitted to or via the site is governed by our privacy and cookies policy.
this policy may change from time to time so please check this page occasionally for any updates.
these terms were last updated on 24th january 2019.
privacy and cookies.
this is the privacy and cookies policy for the website hosted at  (“we “, “us” and “our site “).
we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
xyz reality is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
for the purposes of european data protection law, (the “data protection law “), the data controller is xyz reality limited of unit g0, g02, 338-346 goswell road angel, clerkenwell, london, united kingdom, ec2m 5sq.
information you give us.
this is information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise.
it includes information you provide when you register for further information on our site, or when you report a problem with our site.
the information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address, ip address, phone number and other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.
please note we do not hold any banking/card information.
information we collect about you.
with regard to each of your visits to our site we will automatically collect the following information.
technical information, including the internet protocol (ip) address used to connect your computer to the internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform.
information about your visit, including the full uniform resource locators (url), click stream to, through and from our site (including date and time), information you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call our customer service number or social media handle used to connect with our customer service team.
information we receive from other sources.
this is information we receive about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide.
in this case we will have informed you when we collected that data if we intend to share those data internally and combine it with data collected on this site.
we will also have told you for what purpose we will share and combine your data.
we are working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, and search information providers).
we will notify you when we receive information about you from them and the purposes for which we intend to use that information.
cookies.
our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website.
this helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and allows us to improve our site.
cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to your hard drive to store and sometimes track information about you.
most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that and your help screen or manual will tell you how to do this.
however, you will not be able to take full advantage of our website if you do so.
cookies are specific to the server that created them and cannot be accessed by other servers, which means they cannot be used to track your movements around the web.
although they do identify a user’s computer, cookies do not personally identify users and passwords and credit card information are not stored in cookies.
we use the following typers of cookies.
analytical/performance cookies.
they allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it.
this helps us for our legitimate purposes to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
functionality cookies.
these are used to recognise you when you return to our website.
this enables us, subject to your choices and preferences, to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
targeting cookies.
these cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed.
we will use this information subject to your choices and preferences to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests.
we may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
you can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them below.
google analytics cookies.
_ga / _gid.
this enables us to.
store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site and to provide you with information that is targeted at your individual interests.
recognise you when you return to our site.
disabling cookies.
the effect of disabling cookies depends on which cookies you disable, but in general, the website may not operate properly if cookies are switched off.
if you want to disable cookies you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies.
how you can do this will depend on the browser you use.
further details on how to disable cookies for the most popular browsers are set out below.
for microsoft internet explorer.
choose the menu “tools” then “internet options”.
click on the “privacy” tab.
select the appropriate setting.
for google chrome.
choose settings> advanced.
under “privacy and security,” click “content settings”.
click “cookies”.
for safari.
choose preferences > privacy.
click on “remove all website data”.
for mozilla firefox.
choose the menu “tools” then “options”.
click on the icon “privacy”.
find the menu “cookie” and select the relevant options.
for opera 6.
0 and further.
choose the menu files”> “preferences”.
privacy.
where you have not set your permissions, we may also separately prompt you regarding our use of cookies on the site.
how we use your information.
we use information held about you in the following ways.
information you give us.
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us.
we may use the information to improve our products and services.
we may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
to notify you about changes to our services.
to ensure in our legitimate interests that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
if you for any reasons would like to not hear from us again, please let us know and we will remove you from our database.
disclosure of your information.
you agree that we have the right to share your personal information with.
any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries.
selected third parties includes business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter with you.
and analytics along with search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our site and subject to the cookie section of this policy.
we will disclose your personal information to third parties.
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets subject to the terms of this privacy policy.
if xyz reality limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of supply terms and other agreements with you.
or to protect the rights, property, or safety of xyz reality limited , our customers, or others.
this includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
where we store your personal data.
the data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the european economic area (“eea”) that may not be subject to equivalent data protection law.
it may also be processed by staff operating outside the eea who work for us or for one of our suppliers.
where personal data is transferred we will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is subject to appropriate safeguards, such as relying on a recognised legal adequacy mechanism which may include by entering into ec approved standard contractual clauses relevant to transfers of personal information (see  ) and that it is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
all information you provide to us is stored on secure third party servers.
we retain personal data for a period of 5 years for which personal information is stored.
this may include retention necessary to meet to identify issue or resolve legal proceedings.
we may also retain aggregate information beyond this time for research purposes and to help us develop and improve our services.
you cannot be identified from aggregate information retained or used for these purposes.
unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site.
any transmission is at your own risk.
once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
your rights.
the right to be informed – you have the right to obtain confirmation whether your personal data is being processed by xyz reality limited.
the right of access – you have the right to access personal data we hold about you.
you can make a request for access to the data we hold about you by emailing there is no charge for this service.
however, we can charge a ‘reasonable fee’ when a request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, particularly if it is repetitive and we may also charge a reasonable fee to comply with requests for further copies of the same information.
we will provide copies of the personal data we hold about you without delay and at the latest within one month of receipt.
the period for response may be extended by a further two months where requests are complex or numerous.
the right to rectification – you have the right to your personal data being corrected if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
if you think your personal data needs to be corrected email .
the right to erasure (also known as the right to be forgotten).
you can withdraw your consent and request the deletion or removal of your personal data where there is no compelling reason for its continued processing.
the right to restrict processing.
under certain specific circumstances, such as when you contest the accuracy of your personal data, you have a right to ‘block’ or suppress processing of personal data.
if this is requested, we are permitted to store your personal data, but not further process it.
in the unlikely event that you wish to restrict processing you can do this by emailing .
our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.
if you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
you can also exercise the rights listed above at any time by contacting us at .
if your request or concern is not satisfactorily resolved by us, you may approach your local data protection authority, (see .
our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.
if you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
changes to this policy.
any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
this policy was last updated on 24th january 2019.
contact us.
questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to .
unit g0, g02, 338-346goswell roadangel,clerkenwell,ec1v 7lq.
+44 (0)207 081 3009.
press enquiries .
holosite terms of use.
privacy & cookies policy.
privacy notice.
anti-corruption and bribery policy.
environmental, social & governance policy.
declaration of conformity.
third-party trademarks disclaimer.
insights.
newsroom.
case studies.
user manual.
linkedin.
twitter.
instagram.
careers.
submit cv .
copyright © xyz reality ltd.
all rights reserved.
site by project36.
