data toolsidera powerful database managementaquafold cross-platform database productivityprecise database and application performancewherescape data warehouse automationuptime it infrastructure performance monitoringwebyog administration for mysqlqubole the open data lake platformbittitan it migration toolsperspectium data integration and synchronization tool for servicenow.
idera powerful database managementaquafold cross-platform database productivityprecise database and application performancewherescape data warehouse automationuptime it infrastructure performance monitoringwebyog administration for mysqlqubole the open data lake platformbittitan it migration toolsperspectium data integration and synchronization tool for servicenow.
idera powerful database management.
aquafold cross-platform database productivity.
precise database and application performance.
wherescape data warehouse automation.
uptime it infrastructure performance monitoring.
webyog administration for mysql.
qubole the open data lake platform.
bittitan it migration tools.
perspectium data integration and synchronization tool for servicenow.
developer toolsembarcadero fast cross-platform application developmentfroala editing for rich text and web applicationslansa low-code application developmentsencha rapidly design and deploy web applicationswhole tomato software visual studio productivity toolsfusioncharts javascript charting components for data visualizationsapilayer scalable web apis for productivity and connectivityultraedit text editing toolsfilestack low-code file upload and management apiyellowfin embedded data analytics and business intelligence platform.
embarcadero fast cross-platform application developmentfroala editing for rich text and web applicationslansa low-code application developmentsencha rapidly design and deploy web applicationswhole tomato software visual studio productivity toolsfusioncharts javascript charting components for data visualizationsapilayer scalable web apis for productivity and connectivityultraedit text editing toolsfilestack low-code file upload and management apiyellowfin embedded data analytics and business intelligence platform.
embarcadero fast cross-platform application development.
froala editing for rich text and web applications.
lansa low-code application development.
sencha rapidly design and deploy web applications.
whole tomato software visual studio productivity tools.
fusioncharts javascript charting components for data visualizations.
apilayer scalable web apis for productivity and connectivity.
ultraedit text editing tools.
filestack low-code file upload and management api.
yellowfin embedded data analytics and business intelligence platform.
devops toolsassembla secure enterprise cloud version controlkiuwan application security testingranorex testing automationtestrail test case management and qatravis ci test and deploy with confidencepreemptive smart application protectionxray test management and qa for jiraxporter issue exporting and reporting for jirahexawise more coverage.
fewer tests.
assembla secure enterprise cloud version controlkiuwan application security testingranorex testing automationtestrail test case management and qatravis ci test and deploy with confidencepreemptive smart application protectionxray test management and qa for jiraxporter issue exporting and reporting for jirahexawise more coverage.
fewer tests.
assembla secure enterprise cloud version control.
kiuwan application security testing.
ranorex testing automation.
testrail test case management and qa.
travis ci test and deploy with confidence.
preemptive smart application protection.
xray test management and qa for jira.
xporter issue exporting and reporting for jira.
hexawise more coverage.
fewer tests.
about usbrands leadership.
brands leadership.
brands.
leadership.
resources.
yellowfin privacy & cookies policy.
last modified.
september 06, 2019.
we at yellowfin international pty ltd (“yellowfin”) respect your concerns about privacy.
this privacy policy describes the types of personal information we may collect from you on yellowfinbi.
com (and related sites), how we may use the information and with whom we may share it.
in addition, we tell you how you can ask us to (i) access, change or not use the personal information we maintain about you, (ii) withdraw consent you previously provided to us, (iii) refrain from sending you certain communications, and (iv) answer questions you may have about our privacy practices.
please note that this privacy policy only applies to the yellowfin website located at yellowfinbi.
com and that other yellowfin-affiliated websites are subject to their own privacy policies.
information we collect.
we may ask you to provide personally identifiable information.
generally, this information will consist of your name and contact information, such as your email address, phone number and physical address.
we may request this information from you in connection with activities such as account creation, use of services, downloads of our software, inquiries about becoming a yellowfin partner, inquiries about jobs at yellowfin, job applications, conference or training registrations and requests for support.
in connection with job inquiries and job applications we may require additional personal information from you, such as your education history, pre-existing medical conditions and referees.
in addition, when you visit our website, we may collect certain information by automated means, such as cookies.
a “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser.
the information we collect in this manner enables us to better serve you when you return to our site- for example, it can “remember” your email address to save you having to enter it manually upon your return.
your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies or how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies.
we may use third party web analytics services on this site, such as those of google analytics.
the service providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies to help us analyze how visitors use the site.
the information collected through these means (including ip address) is disclosed to these service providers, who use the information to evaluate use of the website.
to disable google analytics, please download the browser add-on for the deactivation of google analytics provided by google at .
our products may allow you to access google maps / google earth through the use of apis.
in the event you access and use these services, you acknowledge that your use will be subject to the terms of this policy, together with the terms of google’s privacy policy located at  as may be amended by google from time to time.
the apis used to access these services may use cookies and other technologies to store and access information on your devices.
in order to access these services, you consent to the use of such cookies and other technologies and the access to and storage of such information.
how we use the information we collect.
we may use the information we collect from you to.
provide services to you.
provide you with notice of product releases, special events, trainings, promotions or other matters relevant to you.
provide technical support and respond to your inquiries.
improve the level of service you receive from us.
prevent you from having to re-enter your personal information on future visits to our website.
operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products and services, enhancing and improving our services, managing our communications, analyzing our products, performing data analytics, and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions).
detect and prevent fraud and other unauthorized activity.
comply with applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies.
assess your application for employment and as part of your employment records if you commence employment with us.
we also may use the information we obtain about you in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
sharing of information.
we may disclose information about you (i) to our third party service providers (including those involved in the yellowfin recruitment process).
(ii) to our affiliates.
(iii) if we are required to do so by law, regulation or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena), (iv) in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities, (v) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity or (vi) with your consent.
we also reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets.
should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with this privacy policy.
access and correction.
you may obtain a copy of the personal information we maintain about you, update or correct inaccuracies in that information, or request that we remove your personal information from our systems and stop contacting you at any time by sending an email to [email protected] that details your request and includes your exact name, physical address and email address.
if you do not wish to have your information kept on file for possible future employment please advise us at the time of application.
links to other websites.
our websites may contain links to other websites for your convenience and information.
these websites may be operated by companies not affiliated with yellowfin.
linked websites may have their own privacy policies or notices, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any such websites.
we are not responsible for the content of any websites that are not affiliated with yellowfin, any use of those websites, or the privacy practices of those websites.
data transfers.
we may transfer the personal information we collect about you to countries other than the country in which the information originally was collected.
those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information.
when we transfer your information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this privacy policy.
how we protect personal information.
we maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information you provide against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.
dispute resolution.
within the scope of this privacy notice, if a privacy complaint or dispute cannot be resolved through yellowfin international pty ltd’s internal processes, yellowfin international pty ltd has agreed to participate in the verasafe dispute resolution procedure.
subject to the terms of the verasafe dispute resolution procedure, verasafe will provide appropriate recourse free of charge to you.
to file a complaint with verasafe under the dispute resolution procedure, please submit the required information to verasafe here.
.
updates to our privacy policy.
this privacy policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices.
we will post a prominent notice on our website to notify you of any significant changes to our privacy policy and indicate at the top of the policy when it was most recently updated.
how to contact us.
if you have any questions or comments about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us by email at [email protected].
about us.
news.
careers.
contact us.
media assets.
legal.
2022 © idera, inc.
all rights reserved.
