zerone  india.
zerone  bpo.
news & media.
event gallery.
e-waste.
free trial.
home.
about.
infrastructurestructured cablingnetwork infrastructure solutionsenterprise voice systemsnetwork management systemscollaborative conversion solutionssystems & storage.
structured cabling.
network infrastructure solutions.
enterprise voice systems.
network management systems.
collaborative conversion solutions.
systems & storage.
blog.
careers.
contact.
zerone  india.
zerone  bpo.
news & media.
event gallery.
e-waste.
free trial.
privacy policy.
our commitment to privacy.
your privacy is important to us.
to better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
the information we collectthis notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the website.
on some pages, you can make requests, and register to receive materials.
the types of personal information collected at these pages are.
name.
address.
email address.
phone number.
company name.
company website.
message.
the way we use informationwe use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that request for information.
we do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that process.
we use return email addresses to answer the email we receive.
such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
you can register with our website if you would like to receive our newsletter as well as updates on our new products and services.
information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the applicable registration form.
we use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
our commitment to data securityto prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
how you can access or correct your informationyou can inquire about all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by contacting us.
we use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
you can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
to protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
zerone technologies wll.
barwa commercial avenue, industrial areabuilding sayer 5, block 1, 2nd floor, office 203p.
o.
box 24084doha, state of qatar.
+974 40006786 .
news & media.
network vulnerability assessments and advanced vulnerability assessmentsjuly 1, 2020.
elv solutions provider in qatarjune 29, 2020.
video conferencing solutions in qatarseptember 25, 2019.
latest tweets.
follow us.
© 2020 zerone technologies.
privacy policy  review on google.
