productsquantum rtlsspatial intelligence platformpilot kit.
quantum rtls.
spatial intelligence platform.
pilot kit.
solutionssafetysupply chainmanufacturingoperational visibility.
safety.
supply chain.
manufacturing.
operational visibility.
technology.
aboutabout uscareers.
about us.
careers.
contact.
press room.
how to buy.
app privacy policy.
privacy policy.
zerokey inc.
built the “zerokey 3d visualizer” app as a free app.
this app and associated service is provided by zerokey inc.
at no cost and is intended for use as-is.
this page is used to inform visitors, users, and potential users regarding our policies on the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information if they decide to use our service.
if you choose to use our service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy.
the personal information that we collect is used for providing and improving the service.
we will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this privacy policy.
unless otherwise defined in this privacy policy, the terms used in this privacy policy have the same meanings as in our terms and conditions, which are accessible at .
information collection and use.
for a better experience, while using our service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information.
the information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
the app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app.
google play services.
log data.
we want to inform you that whenever you use our service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called log data.
this log data may include information such as your device internet protocol (“ip”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our service, the time and date of your use of the service, and other statistics.
cookies.
cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers.
these are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.
this service does not use these “cookies” explicitly.
however, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services.
you have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device.
if you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this service.
service providers.
we may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons.
to facilitate our service.
to provide the service on our behalf.
to perform service-related services.
or.
to assist us in analyzing how our service is used.
we want to inform users of this service that these third parties have access to your personal information.
the reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf.
however, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
security.
we value your trust in providing us your personal information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it, however, no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
links to other sites.
this service may contain links to other sites.
if you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site.
these external sites are not operated by us.
therefore, we strongly suggest you to review the privacy policy of these websites.
we have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
children’s privacy.
these services do not address anyone under the age of 13.
we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.
in the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers.
if you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please inform us so that we will be able to do delete it.
changes to this privacy policy.
we may update our privacy policy from time to time.
thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.
we will notify you of any changes by posting the new privacy policy on this page.
this policy is effective as of 2020-12-04.
contact us.
if you have any questions or suggestions about our privacy policy, do not hesitate to contact us at [email protected].
related articles.
safe space technology.
check out these 10 calgary startups at this year’s collision.
industry 4.
0 is here and it starts with hyper-accurate spatial intelligence.
calgary head office.
3120 - 12 st.
necalgary, alberta t2e 8t3.
sunnyvale office.
1250 borregas ave #28sunnyvale, ca 94089.
company.
quantum rtls.
spatial intelligence platform.
pilot kit.
about.
contact.
careers.
resources.
download center.
help center.
social media.
twitter.
linkedin.
certifications.
© 2021 zerokey, all rights reserved.
terms & conditions.
privacy policy.
how to buy.
let's get started with a demo, so you can see what all the excitement is about.
fill in the form below and one of our sales team members will promptly get in touch.
request for whitepaper download.
request a quote.
