nftnftnft developmentnft marketplace developmentnft game developmentnft collection developmentnft land developmentreal estate nft developmentpolygon nft developmentsolana nft developmentwhite label nft developmentaxie infinity nft marketplace developmentdecentraland nft marketplace developmentsandbox nft marketplace development.
nft development.
nft marketplace development.
nft game development.
nft collection development.
nft land development.
real estate nft development.
polygon nft development.
solana nft development.
white label nft development.
axie infinity nft marketplace development.
decentraland nft marketplace development.
sandbox nft marketplace development.
servicesservicesdigital transformationmobile app developmentweb developmentit consultingweb app developmentnft development companycustom developmentdedicated teamsblockchain developmentmagento development servicesai developmentdevops servicesmvp development servicespoc serviceschatbot developmentmagento ecommerce.
digital transformation.
mobile app development.
web development.
it consulting.
web app development.
nft development company.
custom development.
dedicated teams.
blockchain development.
magento development services.
ai development.
devops services.
mvp development services.
poc services.
chatbot development.
magento ecommerce.
technologiestechnologiesphp developmentsymfony developmentlaravel developmentreact native developmentjavascript developmentasp.
net developmentkotlin developmentswift developmentgolang developmentnode js development.
php development.
symfony development.
laravel development.
react native development.
javascript development.
asp.
net development.
kotlin development.
swift development.
golang development.
node js development.
case studies.
companycompanywhy usabout zfort groupour teamcareers.
why us.
about zfort group.
our team.
careers.
blog.
contact us.
privacy policy.
what information do we collect.
we collect information from you when you fill out a contact us form.
if you like to contact us you may be asked to enter your.
name, e-mail address or phone number.
you may, however, visit our site anonymously.
what do we use your information for.
any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways.
to personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
).
to personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
).
to improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
).
to improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
).
to improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests andsupport needs.
).
to improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests andsupport needs.
).
to send periodic emails(the email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries,and/or other requests or questions.
).
to send periodic emails(the email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries,and/or other requests or questions.
).
to contact you(if you ask to contact you.
).
to contact you(if you ask to contact you.
).
how do we protect your information.
we implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter or submit your personal information.
submitted information is stored in a secure password-protected database.
do we use cookies.
yes.
cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer hard drive through your web browser (if you allow cookies).
this enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
we use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
do we disclose any information to outside parties.
we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
this does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
we may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
however, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
third party links.
occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website.
these third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
we therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
california online privacy protection act compliance.
because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the california online privacy protection act.
we therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
children's online privacy protection act compliance.
we are in compliance with the requirements of coppa (children's online privacy protection act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age.
our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
online privacy policy only.
this online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
your consent.
by using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
changes to our privacy policy.
if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
this policy was last modified on 8 august 2018.
we are happy to listen.
tell us about your project to get the ball rolling.
would you like to eliminate the pain points of your it operations.
make the most of our two-decade experience of developing software products to drive the revolution happening right now.
international and us.
+1 202 9602900.
for general .
we use cookies for analytics, advertising, and personalization to ensure your best experience with our website.
by continuing to browse, you accept this use.
for more info, please check our                                privacy policy.
special offer for nft development.
you can partially fund development of your project                                with share of nft revenue.
zfort group is a full-cycle it services company focused on the latest technologies.
we have 20 years of experience in building innovative and industry-specific software products our clients are truly proud of.
with deep tech expertise and broad management experience, we know what it takes to deliver smart and efficient software solutions that exceed the expectations of our clients and their customers.
privacy policy |                    terms of use |                    cookies policy.
© copyright 2000-2022 zfort group.
all rights reserved.
services.
digital transformation.
mobile app development.
it consulting.
web app development.
custom development.
dedicated teams.
blockchain development.
magento development.
ai development.
company.
about us.
why us.
team.
case studies.
blog.
contacts.
email us.
.
call us.
+1 202 9602900.
more contacts.
client rating 5.
00.
2 reviews.
