


{removed href} Skip to content.


INTRODUCTION.


At Airthereal we are committed to ensuring that your personal data is protected and never misused.


By sharing your personal data with us, and by continuing to use our websites, you confirm that you have read and understood the terms of this privacy policy. We take responsibility for the personal data we collect about you, and we aim to be transparent about how we handle it, and give you control over it.


Our privacy policy explains what personal data we collect, why we collect it, how we use it.


If you have any questions, comments or concerns about any aspect of this privacy policy or how Airthereal handles your information, please email our team at {removed hyperref}.


INFORMATION COLLECTION.


{number list}.


{list item} INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US.


Airthereal collects information from you when you choose to provide it to us. This may include when you request information from us, purchase or register a product, submit a rebate form, create an account with us, sign up for newsletters or our email lists, use our Services, submit a rating or review, participate in a survey or promotion, or otherwise contact us.


You may be required to provide certain personal information to create your Airthereal account. The personal information we collect may include your name, address, email address, telephone number, geolocation information, mobile device identifier and, if you are making a purchase, credit/debit card number or other financial information. We may also collect non-personal information from you such as product serial and model numbers or the location where you purchased the product.


{number list}.


{list item} INFORMATION WE AUTOMATICALLY COLLECT.


We may use cookies and other non-cookie technologies such as web beacons, pixel tags, log files, statistical identifiers, mobile advertising IDs (e. g., Apples IDFA) or other technologies to automatically collect certain information when you use our Services or interact with our emails and online, mobile and Smart Appliance advertisements. For example, we may automatically collect certain non-personal device identifying information (DII) from you such as your browser type, operating system, software version, Internet Protocol (IP) address, and the domain name from which your device accessed the Services. We also may collect information about your use of the Services including the date and time your device accesses the Services, the areas or pages of the Services that your device visits, the amount of time your device spends using the Services, the number of times your device returns, whether your device opens, forwards or clicks-through emails and ads, and other Services usage data.


INFORMATION USE.


Airthereal may use the information we collect from and about you to:


{number list}.


{list item} Respond to your inquiries, fulfill orders, process payments, prevent transactional fraud, provide services, and contact and communicate with you;


{list item} Develop new products or services;


{list item} Provide you with customized content, targeted offers, and advertising on the Services or on other sites or apps;


{list item} Contact you with information, newsletters and promotional materials from Airthereal or on behalf of our partners and affiliates;


{list item} Research, address problems, and improve the usage and operations of the Services;


{list item} Participate in Interest-Based Advertising, by us and our advertising partners.


{list item} Protect the security or integrity of the Services and our business; and.


{list item} As described to you at the point of data collection.


INFORMATION SHARING.


Most importantly, we never sell your personal data to anyone and only share it as outlined in this privacy policy or when you ask us to.


Airthereal may share the personal information we collect from and about you:


{number list}.


{list item} To our Service Providers, if the disclosure will enable them to perform a business, professional or technical support function for us.


{list item} As necessary if we believe that there has been a violation of the Airthereal Terms of Use or of our rights or the rights of any third party.


{list item} To respond to judicial process or provide information to law enforcement or regulatory agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law.


Except as stated above, we will not share your personal information with unaffiliated third parties. Airthereal may, however, share aggregated or pseudonymous, DII with third parties for their marketing or analytics uses as described herein.


LINKS TO OTHER SITES.


The Site may also contain links to third party websites. If you access a third party website from a link on this Site, any information you disclose on that website is not subject to this Privacy Statement. It is possible that these links may be used by third parties or others to collect personal or other information about you. Airthereal is not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites, advertisers, or third parties or the content of such websites and it is your sole obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other websites. Airthereal does not control these third parties use of cookies, collection of information, or how they manage such information. It is solely your obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other websites, advertisers and any third parties.


SECURITY MEASURES.


Airthereal has implemented physical, electronic and procedural security features that are designed to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to personal information. Despite Airthereals efforts to protect your personal information, there is always a risk that an unauthorized third party may circumvent such procedures or that transmissions of your information over the Internet may be intercepted. The confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from Airthereal via this Site or via e-mail cannot be and is not guaranteed. Accordingly, Airthereal is not responsible for the security of information transmitted via the internet.


COMMENTS, NOTICES AND USER CONTENT.


Any materials or comments posted to any of our webpages are public. Please refer to Section 4 of the Terms of Use for further detail concerning user content and other materials submitted to the Site. As such, Airthereal assumes no liability for the accuracy of such information, no duty to update or correct such information, and no liability for such communications arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise.


OPT-OUT RIGHT.


Except as necessary for Airthereal to provide the services, information, or products requested by a registered user, the registered user may opt out of having his or her personally identifiable information, which has been voluntarily provided to Airthereal through an account registration, or electronic news or information subscription, prospectively retained by Airthereal, used by Airthereal for secondary purposes, or disclosed by Airthereal to third parties by updating your profile preferences on the Site. (This does not apply to collection of the type of web browser of the visitor to the Site or to non-identifiable visitor information provided or collected.).


PRIVACY OF CHILDREN.


The Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. It does not knowingly collect personal information online from visitors in this age group. All users must be at least 18 years of age in order to use the Site.


ACCESS TO AND ABILITY TO CORRECT PERSONAL INFORMATION.


Upon your written request, Airthereal will provide you with a summary of any personal information retained by Airthereal that has been voluntarily provided by you to Airthereal through online forms, registration forms, surveys, e-mail, or another online avenue. You may modify, correct, change or update your personal information by contacting Airthereal via postal mail, e-mail, or telephone at the addresses below or number above.


RIGHT TO CHANGE PRIVACY STATEMENT.


Airthereal may change this Privacy Statement at any time. It is the obligation of users returning to the Site to learn of changes to the Privacy Statement since their last visit. Any change to this Privacy Statement shall be effective as to any visitor who has visited the Site before the change was made.


QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS.


Questions regarding our Privacy Policy, or other policy related material can be directed to our support staff by clicking on the Contact Us link. Or through the following methods:


Email: {removed hyperref}.


REVISIONS TO THIS STATEMENT.


Airthereal reserves the right to revise this Privacy Statement at any time. When we do, we will post the change(s) on the Services. If we change the Privacy Statement in a material way, we will provide appropriate notice to you.


Original text.


Contribute a better translation.


Original text.


Contribute a better translation.


