


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} PRIVACY AND SECURITY.


Privacy And Security.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Customer Care.


{list item} {removed href} FAQs.


{list item} {removed href} Register A Product.


{list item} {removed href} Warranty.


{list item} {removed href} Shipping Returns.


{list item} {removed href} Terms Of Use.


{list item} {removed href} Privacy Security.


{removed href}.


Your Privacy and Security is important to us. Aluratek has prepared this Privacy Policy and Security Statement so that you may better understand how Aluratek uses and protects your personal information. Please take the time to review this page and call us toll free at 1-866-580-1978 or contact us at {removed hyperref} with any questions or concerns.


Privacy Policy.


{removed hyperref} is committed to protecting your privacy. We value your personal information the same way we value our own. We will NEVER share, lease or sell your private information to anyone. We maintain the privacy of your information using security technologies and adhere to policies that prevent unauthorized use of your personal information. By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of your information.


Aluratek may ask you to register and provide personal information, such as when you purchase products from our online store, download software, register new products, access product information, features or programs, enter a contest or sweepstakes, or sign into a page that requires authorization. Aluratek may also collect credit card information to bill you for products and services that you purchased.


This personal information may include your name, e-mail address, user ID, domain name, URL, mailing address, and telephone {removed hyperref} may also collect demographic information such as your age, gender, zip code/postal code, education level, household income, operating system, preferences, interests, favorites, and whether you are a personal or business user. If you choose not to register and provide this information, you can still use most of Alurateks web site. Unfortunately, you will not be able to access areas that require registration.


Occasionally, because we value your opinion and would like you to know what is happening with Aluratek, we will email you e-Newsletters about Aluratek product information and product specials only at your direction. If you do not want to receive our e-newsletter from us in the future, there will be a very easy way to opt out permanently at the bottom of the email. You may also opt out by sending us an email at {removed hyperref}.


Aluratek does not sell or otherwise provide its customer lists or similar information to third parties for their commercial use. From time to time, we utilize third party services for data management and analysis, while information remains proprietary to Aluratek.


The privacy practices of sites that may be linked to Alurateks web site are solely the responsibility of that provider and Aluratek makes no representations nor bears any responsibility regarding the privacy policies of others.


Security Statement.


{removed hyperref} is committed to protecting your credit card information and offering you a secure and safe buying experience. Our servers use the latest GeoTrust Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) - an encryption technology that works with Netscape, Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, AOLs browser and most other modern web browsers, so that only Aluratek can read a buyers personal information. This security procedure encrypts all sensitive information that is transmitted from the Aluratek website.


When you provide us with your credit card number when making a purchase, we protect it through the use of encryption through the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. We use Cookies (small encrypted data files containing references to user ID information) that are stored on our secure server and may write to your hard drive to keep track of your shopping cart. Your information is safely stored behind a firewall that protects it from users from other networks.


Utilizing the latest online security procedures, the Aluratek website protects you during your online shopping experience with security measures we take to prevent unauthorized access to your credit card information. Rest assured that your personal information is in good hands with us.


Shopping online at Aluratek is statistically safer than using your credit card at a restaurant or department store. Security experts point out that online purchases without human intervention are far safer than traditional credit card transactions because the information is immediately encrypted into a scrambled message that can only be decrypted by an authorized computer.


We are certain after successfully shopping online at Aluratek you will be able to appreciating the power, convenience, confidence and security of shopping from home.


The Aluratek Customer Privacy Policy and Security Statement is subject to change at any time. We encourage you to review this policy regularly for any changes.


Last updated October, 2017 2018 Aluratek, Inc.. All rights reserved.


