


{removed href} Skip to content.


Privacy Policy.


Thank you for visiting Ameritop. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. By using {removed hyperref}, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.


{number list}.


{list item} Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this websiteonly. If you link to other websites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.


{list item} Collection of Information:


All information gathered while placing an order with Ameritop is secure and confidential. Any customer information, including the e-mail address, is never sold or given to third parties or affiliates. Each transaction that takes place at Ameritop is encrypted and processed through a state of the art secure server. We fully respect and value the privacy of our customers.


{list item} Cookie/Tracking Technology:


The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors.


{list item} Distribution of Information:


We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.


{list item} Commitment to Data Security:


Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees and agents (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.


{list item} Privacy Contact Information:


If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:


By e-mail: {removed hyperref}.


We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.


