


{removed href}.


Privacy Policy.


AUDIOENGINE CUSTOMER PRIVACY POLICY OUR COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY.


Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.


Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to {removed hyperref} and Audioengine LLC and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Audioengine LLC include {removed hyperref} and Audioengine. The Audioengine website is an e-commerce site. By using the Audioengine website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.


COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.


USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


Audioengine collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.


Audioengine may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Audioengine and its affiliates.


SHARING INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES.


Audioengine does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.


Audioengine may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Audioengine, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.


Audioengine may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Audioengine or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Audioengine; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Audioengine, or the public.


TRACKING USER BEHAVIOR.


Audioengine may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Audioengine, in order to determine what Audioengine services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Audioengine to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.


AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION.


Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Audioengine. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Audioengine website.


USE OF COOKIES.


The Audioengine website may use cookies to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.


One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Audioengine pages, or register with Audioengine site or services, a cookie helps Audioengine to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Audioengine website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Audioengine features that you customized.


You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Audioengine services or websites you visit.


LINKS.


This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.


SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


Audioengine secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Audioengine uses the following methods for this purpose:


SSL Protocol.


When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.


We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100 secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.


CHILDREN UNDER THIRTEEN.


Audioengine does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.


E-MAIL COMMUNICATIONS.


From time to time, Audioengine may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from Audioengine or click on a link therein.


If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Audioengine, you may opt-out of such communications by Customers may unsubscribe from emails by clicking on the UNSUBSCRIBE button.


We recognize how important your online privacy is to you, so we offer the following options for controlling the targeted ads you receive and how we use your data:


{number list}.


{list item} You can opt out of receiving targeted ads served by us or on our behalf by clicking on the blue icon that typically appears in the corner of the ads we serve or by clicking {removed href} here. Please note that, if you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt out again. Further, if you use multiple browsers or devices you will need to execute this opt out on each browser or device. If you opt-out we may collect some data about your online activity for operational purposes (such as fraud prevention) but it wont be used by us for the purpose of targeting ads to you.


{list item} Our partners are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adheres to the NAI Codes of Conduct. You may use the NAI opt out tool {removed href} here, which will allow you to opt out of seeing targeted ads from us and from other NAI approved member companies.


{list item} We also comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). You may opt out of receiving targeted ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners via the DAA website {removed href} here.


{list item} We also comply with the Canadian Self-regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC). You may opt out of receiving targeted ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners via the DAAC website {removed href} here.


{list item} We also adhere to the European Interactive Advertising Digital Alliance (EDAA) guidelines for online advertising and you may opt out via their {removed href} Your Online Choices website.


{list item} Please note that when using the ad industry opt-out tools described above:


{number list}.


{list item} If you opt-out we may still collect some data about your online activity for operational purposes (such as fraud prevention) but it wont be used by us for the purpose of targeting ads to you.


{list item} If you use multiple browsers or devices you may need to execute this opt out on each browser or device.


{list item} Other ad companies opt-outs may function differently than our opt-out.


{list item} You can opt-out of our tracking your online activity for targeted advertising purposes (Do Not Track): We respond to do not track or DNT signals sent from your browser. If the website of one of our Advertisers receives a DNT signal, during that visit, we will not link data we collect to your browser identifier so that new data collected about you will not be used by us for targeted advertising purposes, but older data collected about you may still be used.


{list item} To opt out of receiving targeted ads that are based on your behavior across different mobile applications follow the below instructions, for iOS and Android devices:


{number list}.


{list item} IOS 7 OR HIGHER: Go to your Settings Select Privacy Select Advertising Enable the Limit Ad Tracking setting.


{list item} FOR ANDROID DEVICES WITH OS 2. 2 OR HIGHER AND GOOGLE PLAY SERVICES VERSION 4. 0 OR HIGHER: Open your Google Settings app Ads Enable Opt out of interest-based advertising.


In addition, if you are located in the European Economic Area you may also have the right to access, correct or update some of the information we hold about you. You can also request that we delete your information. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, you may contact us by email at {removed hyperref}.


EXTERNAL DATA STORAGE SITES.


We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.


CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT.


Audioengine reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.


CONTACT INFORMATION.


Audioengine welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Audioengine has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Audioengine at:


Audioengine LLC.


6500 River Place Blvd, Building 7, Suite 250.


Austin, Texas 78730.


Email Address: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Effective as of October 31, 2018.


OUR COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITY:


To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.


HOW TO CONTACT US:


Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us toll-free in the United States at (855) 845-5525 or {removed href} please contact us here.


Regards,


Audioengine.


{removed href} Close.


