


Privacy Policy.


This website, {removed hyperref} (the Site) as well as the official BBQ DRAGON app and all other official BBQ DRAGON digital products (together Digital Products) are operated by BBQ DRAGON Digital Media Limited.


This privacy policy (the Privacy Policy) outlines the basis on which any personal data we collect, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of other websites or applications, and encourage you read all applicable terms, conditions and privacy policies when using other websites and applications.


For the purpose of data protection law, we are the data controller.


Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy and how we use your personal data are welcomed and should be addressed to {removed hyperref}.


Agreeing to our Privacy Policy.


By using our Digital Products, you agree to us using your data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. There are certain services that we may not be able to provide if you do not choose to provide relevant information.


Learn more:


By using our Digital Products, you agree to us collecting and using personal information about you in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Digital Products.


You have choices about the data we collect. When asked to provide certain personal information you may decline, but where such is necessary to provide a service or feature, your use of that service or feature may be restricted as a result.


We will hold your personal information for as long as reasonably necessary for the relevant purpose.


What information do we collect?


We collect data to operate effectively and provide you the best experiences with our products. You provide some of this data directly, such as when you create an account or contact us for support. We get some of it by recording how you interact with our products by, for example, using technologies like cookies this may collect data about your use of our Digital Products, your device(s) and your location.


Learn more:


We will collect and process the following data about you (the Information):


{number list}.


{list item} Information you give us. You may give us information about you by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register, subscribe to any service, enter a competition, promotion or survey and when you report a problem. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address, date of birth, nationality and phone number, and preferences.


{list item} Information we collect about you. We may automatically collect the following information:


{list item} technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, screen resolution details, browser type and version, time zone setting, mobile and network information, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, platform and information about your geographic location; and.


{list item} information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our Digital Products (including date and time); pages you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.


Cookies.


Our Digital Products use cookies and similar technologies. For more information on the cookies that we use on the Site and their purpose, please see our Cookies Policy at {removed href} {removed hyperref}/.


How do we use your Information?


We may use your information in a number of ways, including to provide the Digital Products, to personalise and improve the services we offer, to carry out our obligations, communicate with you, to analyse use of our Digital Products and in other ways that you agree to.


We may share your information with our group companies, law enforcement agencies, service providers, partners, people who operate of take over our Digital Products and third parties that you agree that we can share it with.


We may disclose your information in order to enforce the terms of use of any of our Digital Products, to protect our rights, to comply with applicable laws and as is reasonably necessary to operate our systems and protect us and our users.


Learn more:


We may use your Information:


{number list}.


{list item} to communicate with you (including by post, phone, email and/or mobile messaging), such as to let you know about new features, offerings (including goods and services) on our Digital Products where you have consented for us to do so;


{list item} to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;


{list item} to create an individual profile for you so that we can understand and respect your preferences;


{list item} for record keeping purposes;


{list item} to administer and provide services you request;


{list item} to carry out market research so that we can improve the products and service we offer;


{list item} to improve the quality of our service and security of our Digital Products;


{list item} to understand you preferences so that we can improve the products and services we offer;


{list item} in connection with targeting/advertising activities;


{list item} to track activity on the Site and our Digital Products;


{list item} in conjunction with personal data legally obtained from third party sources;


{list item} in such way as you may otherwise expressly consent to;


{list item} to comply with legal and regulatory requirements; and/or.


{list item} for any other purpose that we may notify to you from time to time.


You agree that we will share your Information with:


{number list}.


{list item} carefully selected third party organisations to carry out certain processing activities on our behalf where such parties have the necessary protections in place to comply with applicable data protection law;


{list item} any BBQ DRAGON partner in a manner to which you have expressly consented to (this includes consent by way of opting-in to certain marketing and contact from any of them as part of the registration process) and you agree that such parties can contact you in accordance with such consent;


{list item} anyone who may take over the running of our Digital Products, or any BBQ DRAGON group company or subcontractors who operate a part of our Digital Products on our behalf. Any other organisations who access your information in the course of providing services on our behalf will be governed by strict contractual restrictions to make sure that they protect your Information and comply with applicable data protection and privacy laws. We may also independently audit these service providers to make sure that they meet our standards; and/or.


{list item} any law enforcement agency requesting it once we are reasonably satisfied as to the circumstances surrounding the request.


We will disclose your Information to third parties:


{number list}.


{list item} in order to enforce or apply the terms of use of the Site, our Digital Products or any services provided to you;


{list item} to protect our rights, property, or safety, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction;


{list item} to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests; and/or.


{list item} to operate our systems properly or to protect our users and ourselves.


{list item} Except as expressly stated in this Privacy Policy, we will not sell, share, trade or license your Information to others without your express consent.


Children.


If you are a child who is using our Digital Products or a parent of a child using our Digital Products, there are additional rules.


Learn more:


It is important to us that children can enjoy the Site and our Digital Products in a responsible fashion. We encourage parents and guardians to supervise their childrens online activities by, for example, adopting parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that help provide a child-friendly online environment. These tools can also prevent children from disclosing online their name, address, and other personal information without parental permission.


Your childs privacy is important to us. We are committed to safeguarding childrens personal information collected online, and to helping parents and guardians and their children learn how to exercise control over personal information while exploring the Internet.


If you are aged 15 or under, we will require permission from your parent or guardian in order for you to register on our website, unless otherwise stated at the point of registration. If you are required to provide permission from your parent or guardian, you will be asked to supply the name and email address of a parent or guardian to whom a confirmation email will be sent. Your account will only become active once your parent or guardian has clicked on the link within the confirmation email to provide their consent.


If you are a parent or guardian and would like to review any personal information that we have collected online from your child, have this information deleted, and/or request that there be no further collection or use of your childs personal information or if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or practices, you may contact us at {removed hyperref}.


Security.


We have security protocols in place to protect your Information from unauthorised access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorised modification, and unlawful destruction or accidental loss. We only allow access to our databases when necessary, and then under strict guidelines as to what use may be made of such data.


Where we store your Information.


We may use service providers to help us run our Digital Products (or services available on our Digital Products). If we or our service providers transfer any Information out of the European Economic Area (EEA), it will only be done with the relevant protection (under UK law) being in place.


Marketing and Unsubscribing.


If you wish to unsubscribe from the list please click on the unsubscribe link in the relevant email or e-mail us at {removed hyperref}. Except as to the extent you consent to us doing so under this Privacy Policy, we will not share, license or sell these e-mail addresses without your express consent.


Your Rights in relation to your data.


You have rights to access, correct, delete your information or to object to or restrict our processing of it in certain situations. No fee is usually required to exercise these rights, but we may need certain information from you.


In certain circumstances, you have the right to:


Request access to your personal information. This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.


Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.


Request erasure of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).


Object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes or where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. Generally, other than in relation to marketing, our processing of your personal data is in order to allow us to provide you a service, so we will be unable to provide the service to you without processing your personal data.


Request the restriction of processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.


We allow you to access, correct and edit your details in the Account section of {removed hyperref}. If you require any further help from us in relation to the above rights, please email {removed hyperref}.


No fee is usually required You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.


What we may need from you We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is another appropriate security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.


Changes to our Privacy Policy.


Privacy laws and practice are constantly developing. Our policies and procedures are therefore under continual review. We may, from time to time, update our privacy policy. Any such changes will be posted on this page. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to the Privacy Policy.


How to Complain.


We endeavour to meet the highest standards when collecting and using personal information, however if you wish to lodge a complaint as to how we collect and process your Information please contact {removed hyperref}. You may also wish to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office, the UKs independent body set up to uphold information rights. You can find further details as to how to do this at {removed href} {removed hyperref}/.


{removed href} Scroll to top.


