


WARRANTY POLICIES.


{removed href}.


Standard Warranty.


Customer satisfaction is our primary goal at BOSS AUDIO Systems. Our team of experts is ready to answer your questions. They can be contacted via phone 805. 751. 4853, 8: 30 am-5 pm PST or by opening a {removed href} Support Ticket. You can also find useful info and tips in our {removed href} Knowledge Base. We take pride in the quality of our products and we offer a one-year warranty both for parts and labor. {removed href}.


30-Days Service Policy.


If your product fails within 30 days of purchase, BOSS AUDIO Systems will gladly pay for shipping both ways, to repair or replace your unit. In this case, you need to contact us within 30 days of your purchase to obtain a Return Authorization number (RA). We use ground shipping with tracking numbers.


1-Year Free Parts Labor.


All BOSS AUDIO Systems products purchased in the United States are warranted for a period of one year from the purchase date against defects in materials and workmanship. We will provide you with free parts and labor for one year after your purchase. The warranty is for repair or replacement at the sole discretion of the selling dealer. If we choose to replace your product, we may replace it with a new or reconditioned unit of the same or similar design. The customer is responsible for freight charges incurred to return the product. For all other countries, contact our technical support where you must send a copy of the original invoice with the date of purchase. Please enclose a letter stating the problem you are having with the product, your daytime phone number, and your return shipping address (no P. O. Box). Contact us to receive an RA before sending your defective item. This warranty does not cover any unit subject to abuse, neglect, incorrect wiring, water and/or physical damage, or any repair or modification performed by someone other than a BOSS AUDIO Systems repair technician. Any damages resulting from legal action for breach of expressed or implied warranties shall be limited to the cost of the original purchase price of the unit. As a condition of this warranty, it is agreed that the remedy provided in this document is the sole remedy under this warranty. All liability for coincidental damages is excluded. The purchaser agrees to retain the original proof-of-purchase for establishing the effective date of this warranty. Should BOSS AUDIO Systems or an authorized dealer replace your product under warranty, this replacement shall be considered a transaction under the original warranty and does not extend the original warranty period. This warranty is non-transferable.


BOSS Elite Warranty.


BOSS Audio Systems Elite products are warranted for a period of TWO years for speakers, THREE years for in-dash units, and FIVE years for amplifiers from the date of purchase against defects in materials and workmanship when purchased from one of the Authorized Elite Dealers listed on the {removed href} Retail Partner page. This warranty applies to products purchased and shipped within the USA only. Purchases made from any dealer not listed as an Authorized Elite Dealer qualifies for the standard one-year warranty. All other conditions of the standard one-year warranty above apply. {removed href}.


Free Extended Warranty.


When you purchase directly from {removed hyperref}, from one of our Authorized Platinum Online Dealers, or have verifiable proof that your product was professionally installed by a reputable car audio retail shop, you qualify for a free extended warranty on the BOSS Audio product you purchased as shown below:


{number list}.


{list item} MOBILE VIDEO CD AND DVD RECEIVERS: (This includes all in-dash, flip down overheads, headrest monitors, and DVD players) BOSS Audio will extend the warranty for an additional two years (three years total) directly to the original consumer.


{list item} WOOFERS, SPEAKERS, ATV/UTV AND MOTORCYCLE SOUND SYSTEMS: BOSS Audio will extend the warranty for an additional two years (three years total) directly to the original consumer.


{list item} AMPLIFIERS: BOSS Audio will extend the warranty for an additional five years (six years total) directly to the original consumer.


{list item} OTHER ELECTRONICS AND ACCESSORIES: There is no extended warranty available on these items.


Terms and Conditions: Any purchase made from a website other than {removed hyperref} or an Authorized Platinum Online Dealer will only receive the standard one-year warranty. The extended warranty is valid only on purchases made and shipped within the US and covers parts and labor to repair only. The Online Extended Warranty program cannot be combined with the Installation Extended Warranty program. The online portion of this program is effective as of 3/14/2015. Any purchase made prior to this date will not qualify for this program. All other conditions of original warranty apply. {removed href} Click Here to See Our Authorized Platinum Online Dealers To get service on any product that falls under the Extended Warranty, call 805. 751. 4853 (8: 30 am-5 pm PST) or open a support {removed href} TICKET. The original or copy of dated purchase and installation receipt are required to validate the warranty, and a statement of the problem with the product is also needed.


{removed href}.


30 Day Returns.


You can return a new, unused product within 30 days of the date of purchase and we will happily refund the purchase price less than original shipping charges. Its easy to return a product:


{bullet list}.


{list item} Log into your account or call (805) 988-0192 to initiate a return.


{list item} An email will be sent to you with instructions for returning your product.


{list item} Ship your unused product, in its undamaged original packaging, to the address identified in the email.


Please Note:


{number list}.


{list item} Original shipping fees will not be refunded.


{list item} You are responsible for return shipping the products back to us and all costs involved. We recommend using a trackable, insured shipping method to be sure the product arrives undamaged.


{list item} Product must be returned complete with all undamaged original packaging and included accessories and paperwork in new condition.


{list item} Please be sure to box and pack the return so it is protected during shipping.


{list item} A minimum of 15 up to a maximum of 50 restocking fee will apply to return items depending on the condition of the product and packaging when received.


{list item} Any product returned that is not in its new, unused condition will be returned to you at your expense.


{removed href}.


Shipping Policy.


HOW CAN I GET FREE SHIPPING? If youre in the continental United States (48 States), your shipping is FREE on all orders. The following conditions and restrictions apply:


{number list}.


{list item} Free Shipping carrier [UPS Ground, USPS, or any other] will be chosen at BOSS Audios sole discretion.


{list item} Free Shipping does not include any expedited shipping methods.


{list item} Additional shipping charges will apply for all orders outside of the continental United States (48 States).


{list item} Shipping fees, if any, will be noted at checkout.


{list item} Shipping fees are non-refundable if full or part of the order is returned.


{list item} Due to limitations and money exchange, we do not ship to some regions outside of the continental United States. (See International and U. S. Territory Shipping below.).


{list item} Shipping fees are subject to change without notice.


{list item} To improve shipping times for our valued customers, our items are assigned for shipment based on the closest inventory location. Due to this, some items in the same order may arrive in more than one shipment.


{list item} You are responsible for paying the shipping charges on all returns.


{list item} A minimum of 15 up to a maximum of 50 restocking fee will apply to return items depending on the condition of the product and packaging when received by BOSS Audio.


WHEN WILL MY ORDER ARRIVE?


{number list}.


{list item} We will notify you of your estimated delivery date after your order is shipped.


{list item} Shipments are made within one business day after your order is approved and paid before 3: 00 PM PST, Monday Friday. Delivery times are subject to holiday delivery schedules, inclement weather, and acts of nature. There will not be any processing or shipping of orders on weekends or national holidays.


{list item} Shipping times outside of the continental United States may vary based upon the delivery address, post office, and custom hold.


{list item} Due to an increase in order volume during the holidays, online orders will be shipped within two business days.


WILL YOU SHIP TO AN ADDRESS OTHER THAN MY BILLING ADDRESS? Were happy to ship your order to an address that is different than the billing address on file with your credit card provider. To avoid delays, we do ask that you call the credit card provider and add the alternate address to your account. Taking this step prior to placing your order helps us to ship your order quickly with minimal delays. APO/FPO AND PO BOX ADDRESS. Unfortunately, we do not currently ship to APO, FPO or P. O. boxes. INTERNATIONAL AND U. S. TERRITORY SHIPPING Online orders can be delivered almost anywhere worldwide. To be sure, check the products shipping cost during checkout. The shipping cost will be displayed after you enter your shipping information and before the final checkout. If your country is not listed at checkout, your order cannot be delivered there. All product and shipping costs are show in US Dollars and your final cost will consider the current Currency Exchange Rate. Tax and duty fees may be charged by your country when your order arrives. Those additional charges are your responsibility. LIST OF INTERNATIONAL COUNTRIES WE SHIP TO: Afghanistan, Albania, Algeria, Andorra, Angola, Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia, Aruba, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Barbados, Belarus, Belgium, Belize, Benin, Bermuda, Bhutan, Bolivia, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cambodia, Cameroon, Canada, Cape Verde, Cayman Islands, Central African Republic, Chad, Chile, China, Colombia, Comoros, Congo, Democratic Republic, Congo, Republic of the, Costa Rica, Cote dIvoire, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Djibouti, Dominican Republic, Dominica, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea, Estonia, Ethiopia, Falkland Islands5, Faroe Islands, Fiji, Finland, France, French Guiana, French Polynesia, Gabon, Gambia, Georgia, Republic of, Germany, Ghana, Gibraltar, Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Greece, Greenland, Grenada, Guadeloupe, Guatemala, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Guyana, Haiti, Honduras, Hong Kong, Hungary, Iceland, India, Indonesia, Iraq, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Jamaica, Japan, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kiribati, Korea, Republic of (South Korea), Kuwait, Kyrgyzstan, Laos, Latvia, Lesotho, Liberia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Republic of, Madagascar, Malawi, Malaysia, Maldives, Mali, Malta, Martinique, Mauritania, Mauritius, Mexico, Moldova, Mongolia, Montserrat, Morocco, Mozambique, Namibia, Nauru, Nepal, Netherlands, New Caledonia, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Niger, Nigeria, Norway, Oman, Pakistan, Panama, Papua New Guinea, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Pitcairn Island, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Reunion, Romania, Russia, Rwanda, Saint Lucia, Saint Pierre and Miquelon, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, San Marino, Sao Tome and Principe, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Serbia, Republic of, Seychelles, Sierra Leone, Singapore, Slovak Republic (Slovakia), Slovenia, Solomon Islands, Somalia, South Africa, Spain, Sri Lanka, Suriname, Swaziland, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Tajikistan, Tanzania, Thailand, Togo, Tonga, Trinidad and Tobago, Tunisia, Turkey, Turkmenistan, Turks and Caicos Islands, Tuvalu, Uganda, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, Uruguay, Uzbekistan, Vanuatu, Vatican City, Vietnam, Wallis and Futuna Islands, Western Samoa, Yemen, Zambia, and Zimbabwe. We use USPS to ship to all international countries. INDEMNIFICATION You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Quivers, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, and agents from any claims, liability (including product liability), damages, and/or costs (including, but not limited to, attorneys fees) that arise from your use of any of Quivers services.[/section].


Payment Policy.


{removed href} SHOP WITH CONFIDENCE We take your safety and security seriously. We accept payment by Visa, Master Card, American Express, Discover, PayPal and PayPal Credit. Sorry, no COD orders. We do not accept credit card numbers delivered by email. You should never send credit card numbers by email, as this is not a secure practice. The billing address you provide must match the billing address that is on file with the financial institution that issued the credit card. If a credit card authorization fails, we reserve the right to cancel your order without notifying you. We cannot resolve credit card problems with your financial institution if a credit card is declined. It is your responsibility, as a consumer, to settle credit card problems with the issuing institution. PRICE AND/OR DESCRIPTION CHANGES All prices, pictures, and descriptions on this website are subject to change. We maintain no responsibility for inadvertent errors. Please contact us within 30 days regarding price or promotion discrepancies. When you place your order with us, you agree to the price and terms indicated on this website. Price differences related to future or past prices in our store or any other store are not refundable. ORDER QUESTIONS OR CHANGES Quivers handles communications and customer service for consumers on behalf of the brands and retailers that they represent. If you have recently placed an order using the Quivers shopping service and need information about them or would like to change your order, you can contact them. If you have explored the links on the Your Account page but still need assistance, please contact Quivers Customer Service. REFUNDS, CREDITS AND BALANCES DUE As soon as we receive and process your return, we will notify you via email. Your refund will be credited to the same financial institution that you originally paid for your purchase within 10 business days of the time that you receive the email. The return credit should be reflected on your statement within one or two billing periods, depending on your financial institutions billing cycle. DAMAGED ITEMS If an order arrives to you with obvious shipping damage, please refuse the delivery. If you have accepted delivery and then find shipping damage, please call us immediately using the contact information included in the order packing list. Please save all packaging material and paperwork for the order if shipping damage is a possible issue. If you dispose of packaging material or attempt to return the merchandise without contacting us, you jeopardize our chances of making a claim with the shipping carrier, and you may not receive credit for the return. LIMITS OF RESPONSIBILITY We accept no responsibility for user-initiated damage and/or loss of parts incurred during operation or use of the product. ERRORS ON OUR SITE Prices and availability of products are subject to change without notice. Errors will be corrected where and when discovered. BOSS Audio reserves the right to revoke any stated offer, cancel orders, and correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions in any stated offer or price (including after an order has been submitted, whether or not the order has been confirmed and your payment processed). If your payment has already been processed for the purchase when your order is cancelled, BOSS Audio will issue a credit to the payment method used in the amount of the charge. Individual bank policies will dictate when this amount is credited to your account. If you are not fully satisfied with your purchase, you may return it in accordance with BOSS Audios Return Policy. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO MODIFY OR CANCEL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THESE POLICIES AT ANY TIME WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE. ANY MODIFICATION WILL BE EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY UPON POSTING OF THE MODIFIED TERMS AND CONDITIONS ON OUR SITE: {REMOVED HREF} {removed hyperref}.


Privacy Policy.


PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. WHEN YOU USE THIS WEBSITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE POLICIES, TERMS, AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN. {removed href} ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY BOSS Audio International (hereon referred to as B. I. G.) and its subsidiary companies respect the privacy rights of our online visitors and recognize the importance of protecting the information collected from you. We have adopted a corporate wide Online Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy) that guides how we collect, store, and use the information you provide online. Please note that this policy applies only to sites maintained by B. I. G. and its subsidiaries, and not to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE Our primary goals in collecting personally identifiable information are to provide you with the product and services made available through our website, including, but not limited to, service and sales transactions, to communicate with you, and to manage your registered user account if you have one. We may use the information you provide to deliver customized content and offers to you, which include special promotions, product information, loyalty programs, and sales. We may also use the information to address problems with our website, products, or services, to protect the security of our website and our business, and to improve our customers experience. INFORMATION COLLECTED UPON REGISTRATION If you desire to have access to certain restricted sections of our website, you will be required to become a registered user, and to submit certain personally identifiable information to B. I. G. This happens in several instances, such as when you create an account to purchase products or services, or you opt-in to receive marketing materials and information. Personally identifiable information that we may collect in such instances may include your IP address, full name, password, email address, city, time zone, telephone number, and other information that you decide to provide us with, or that you decide to include in your public profile. USE OF CONTACT INFORMATION In addition, we may use your contact information to market to you, and provide you with information about, our products and services. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such information or communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications. OPT-OUT OPTION At any time, you may opt-out of receiving e-mail marketing materials by sending us an e-mail with unsubscribe as the subject to {removed href} {removed hyperref}. You may also call us directly at 805-751-4853. You will also be able to find an unsubscribe link in every e-mail communication you receive. Please note that non-marketing e-mails, such as order confirmations, will still be sent to you. PRIVACY OF CHILDREN We do not knowingly collect or use any personal information from children (minors younger than 13). If you are a parent and believe we may have inadvertently collected such information from your child, please notify us immediately by sending an email to {removed href} {removed hyperref}. LOG DATA When you visit the Site, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends as Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type or the domain from which you are visiting, the websites you visit, the search terms you use, and any advertisements on which you click. For most users accessing the Internet from an Internet service provider, the IP address will be different every time you log on. We use Log Data to monitor the use of the Site and of our Service, and for the Sites technical administration. We do not associate your IP address with any other personally identifiable information to identify you personally, except in case of violation of the Terms of Service.


{removed href} COOKIES Cookies are small files downloaded to your computer to track movements within websites. We use cookies and other technologies to passively collect demographic information, personalize your experience on our site and monitor advertisements and other activities. We may link cookie information to personal information regarding what items you have selected for purchase, or to track pages you have viewed, and to build your shopping cart. We also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interest and to monitor website usage. Some of our sites use an outside ad service to display ads. These ads may contain cookies. Our ad companies collect cookies received with banner ads, and B. I. G. does not have access to this information. Please note that this Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by B. I. G. only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies whenever you visit a website. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you are based in Europe, visit {removed href} {removed hyperref} for more details about advertising cookies and their management. If you are in the US, refer to {removed href} {removed hyperref}/. Visit {removed href} {removed hyperref} to enable/disable cookies. Disabling cookies that are necessary for websites proper operation may result in the web page not loading, or not operating as expected. Disabling cookies that remember your preferences or analytics, will prohibit us from providing you with relevant information. If you disable all cookies (including the essential ones), then you wont be able to access all parts of our website. OTHER TECHNOLOGIES Other technologies used include clear GIFs and IP address logging. Clear GIFs, also known as web bugs, beacons, or tags, are small graphic images placed on a web page, web-based document, or in an e-mail message. Clear GIFs are invisible to the user because they are typically very small (only 11 pixel) and the same color as the background of the web page, document, or e-mail message. We do not use clear GIFs to collect personal information about you. However, we may use clear GIFs to capture statistical usage information for our web pages, features, or other elements on a web page. We may correlate this information to a user to personalize user experience or for statistical analysis of user experiences on our web pages. OTHER SOURCES We may obtain information from other sources, including social networks that you use to connect with us. This may include information provided by you to these networks, such as name, username, contact information, demographic information, and interests. This may also include data that can be publicly observed through social media and other forms of online activity. INQUIRIES/CONTACTING US Should you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy or our data handling practices, please e-mail us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}; or write to us at: ATTN: Privacy Policy Inquiry Boss Audio 3451 Lunar Court Oxnard, CA 93030 OTHER SITES We are only responsible for the privacy policy contained on our own website. At times, we may have links to other sites or apps contained on our website that have different privacy policies from our own. You acknowledge that B. I. G. is not held responsible for any site that is not a B. I. G. property. CHANGES TO THE POLICY We may occasionally update this privacy policy due to changes in the law or in the services we offer. If youve opted-in to our mailing list you will receive notification of major updates. All changes will be added to this document. Please check back regularly. This site uses cookies and other online technologies to deliver services, ads, social media connections, and for data analytics, and to better understand your use of our site. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies. {removed href} Got It {removed href} Learn more {removed href} x.


