


{removed href} Skip to content.


PRIVACY STATEMENT.


-


SECTION 1 WHO WE ARE?


ThermoPro is committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our visitors to our web site. In particular, we want you to know that innocent is not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes. We just dont do that sort of thing. But just in case you dont believe us, in this Privacy Policy, weve provided lots of detailed information on when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure. So kick back and relax.


SECTION 2 CONSENT.


How do you get my consent?


When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.


If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.


How do I withdraw my consent?


If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at {removed hyperref} or mailing us at:


iTronics.


1202 Orange Street Wilmington Delaware US 19899.


SECTION 3 DISCLOSURE.


We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.


SECTION 4 Google Analytics.


When someone visits {removed hyperref} we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. Thisinformation is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.


SECTION 5 THIRD-PARTY SERVICES.


In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.


However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.


For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.


In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.


As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.


Once you leave our stores website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our websites Terms of Service.


Links.


When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.


SECTION 6 SECURITY.


To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.


If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100 secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.


SECTION 7 COOKIES.


What are cookies?


Like most websites, iTronics websites use cookies to collect information. Cookies are small data files which are placed on your computer or other devices (such as smart phones or tablets) as you browse this website. They are used to remember when your computer or device accesses our websites. Cookies are essential for the effective operation of our websites and to help you shop with us online. They are also used to tailor the products and services offered and advertised to you, both on our websites and elsewhere.


Here is a list of cookies that we use. Weve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.


sessionid, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).


shopifyvisit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website providers internal stats tracker to record the number of visits.


shopifyuniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.


cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart.


securesessionid, unique token, sessional.


storefrontdigest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.


SECTION 8 AGE OF CONSENT.


By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.


SECTION 9 MAILING LISTS.


As part of the registration process for our monthly e-newsletter and warranty registration, we collect personal information. We use that information for a couple of reasons: to tell you about stuff youve asked us to tell you about; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are right and to check every now and then that youre happy and satisfied. We dont rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses. We use a third-party provider, EmailOctopus, to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see EmailOctopus privacy notice. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing us.


SECTION 10 CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.


We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.


If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.


QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION.


If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at {removed hyperref} or by mail at.


ThermoPro.


[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer] 1202 Orange Street Wilmington Delaware US 19899.


-


Leave a Reply.


Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * Email * Website Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.


