


Effective August 1, 2015.


Cadet Manufacturing Company (Cadet) respects the privacy of our website visitors and this Privacy Policy (Policy) demonstrates our commitment to protecting your privacy and to provide an explanation of our online information practices.


This Policy describes what information we collect and how we use it and applies to all Cadet Websites (Websites). We encourage you to read this Policy before you submit any personal information to us. By visiting our Websites, you accept the terms of this Policy and consent to the collection and use of this information in the manner described.


THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT.


We do not sell, trade, give away or rent your personal information collected during the use of our Website without your permission.


We may collect and store personal information, such as your name, address, e-mail address, telephone and mobile number and social media ID to respond to questions, process orders or requests, register a product, order literature, enter contests, sign up for newsletters, participate in surveys or to provide customer service.


We may also retain information about your transactions with us, as well as information about our communications with you such as account history, requests for information and our responses.


In addition, we may automatically gather general statistical information about our Website and visitors, such as number of visitors, IP addresses, browsers, pages viewed, and products and services purchased. In doing so we do not reference you by individual name, address, e-mail address or telephone number. We aggregate this data and may provide this statistical information to third parties, but when we do so we do not provide personal information without your permission.


As part of our service, we may use cookies to store and, at times, track information about our site visitors. A cookie is a small file stored on your hard drive by your browser. Generally, we use cookies to remind us who you are and enable us to access your account information so you do not have to reenter it; gather statistical information about usage on our site, research visiting patterns, help target advertisements based on user interests; assist our partners track visits and process orders; and track progress and participation in promotions. Most browsers accept cookies automatically but allow you to disable them. Please consult your specific browser instructions to learn more about these features. In some instances, our partners and advertisers may from time to time appear at our site and may use their own cookies. We do not control these cookies and are they not subject to our Website.


HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT.


We may use the information we collect to customize your experience using our website, to understand consumer preferences in developing product improvements and innovations and to ensure that our products and services are of interest to you.


If you place a request for products or services, we use the information to fulfill your order or request. If the products or services are from one of our partners, we may provide your relevant information to that partner for purposes of the transaction.


We may use the information we collect to help diagnose problems with our server, to manage our Websites and to enhance our site based on the usage pattern data we receive.


If you submit a resume or seek to fulfill other staffing requirements, we will use that information solely in connection with your application for current or future staffing requirements.


Cadet uses one or more third-parties to provide specific services including, but not limited to, payment processors and shipping companies, to facilitate product ordering, fulfillment and payment. Cadet may share your personal information for the purposes of providing these services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order. These third parties also may have their own privacy policies but are not permitted to use the data for their own purposes.


Cadet may disclose information that you have provided us if we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with the law or legal process served on Cadet; or (b) protect and defend the rights and property of Cadet or others; in any event, Cadet will disclose information only in accordance with applicable regulations.


CHOICE.


Any promotional e-mail that we send to you will offer you the opportunity to opt-out of continuing to receive such messages.


Also, you may contact us directly with any questions or comments related to our Privacy Policy, including requests to opt in/opt out and to update or delete your information.


Send us an email to {removed hyperref}.


Or by mail at:


Cadet Manufacturing Co.


Attn: Customer Service/Privacy Policy.


2500 W. Fourth Plain Blvd.


Vancouver, WA 98660.


SECURITY.


We employ reasonable and current security methods to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure correct use of information.


You should take care with regard to how you handle and disclose your Personal Information or any username or password that you are required to use to access services on our Websites. For your own privacy protection, we encourage you not to include sensitive personal information in any emails you may send to us, including credit card numbers, account numbers or social security numbers. Note that Cadet will not request sensitive personal information in our emails to you and you should verify the authenticity of any such request.


Please remember that any information you share in public areas, such as reviews, testimonials or feedback sections, becomes public. Our Policy does not apply to any information you choose to make public. Please be careful about what you disclose and do not post any personal information that you expect to keep private.


Note that the Internet has inherent security risks and while we try to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or guarantee the security of any information you disclose to us, and you do so at your own risk.


THIRD PARTY PRIVACY POLICIES.


This Privacy Policy applies only to Cadet controlled websites. We do not monitor the content, information, or web practices of any websites linked to or from our Websites, and make no representations about the current security of these sites. We encourage you to review the privacy statements of other websites you visit.


Please note that the existence of any external link to another website does not suggest that we are endorsing the linked company, its products and/or its services.


CHILDREN AND DATA COLLECTION.


Our Website content is not directed toward children who are under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children. If you have questions about Personal Information that may have been submitted by a child, please email us at {removed hyperref}.


UPDATES TO THIS POLICY.


Cadet may update this privacy policy from time to time, and you should take the time to review it each time that you visit one of our Websites. The date of the most recent update will be listed at the top of the Privacy Policy.


