


{removed href}.


Privacy Policy Terms of Use.


PRIVACY POLICY.


Carolily Finery wants your experience with us to be nothing short of fabulous. We respect the privacy of our customers and those who use our services. To this end, we have systems in place for securely managing your Personal Information.


PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.


MAKING PAYMENTS. When you make payments through the Service or complete a Customer Order Form, your financial account information, such as your credit card number, will be collected by our third-party payment processors. We do not collect or store such financial account information, but we may receive information from our payment processor about the payment, such as the date and time of payment.


SOCIAL PLUG-INS. The Website may allow you to use social media plug-ins, such as Facebooks like or Twitters tweet functions. The social media plug-ins collect information about you, such as your IP address, when you use them. The privacy policies of the social media services, and not this Privacy Policy, apply to any data collected by the social media plug-ins.


SOCIAL MEDIA PAGES. We may collect information about you when you visit our social media pages or other features. The social media website provider may provide us with information, including Personal Information, such as your name, email address, and other information made available to us.


CUSTOMER SUPPORT. We may collect Personal Information through your communications with our customer-support team.


COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGY.


We and our third party service providers, such as advertising networks and analytics service providers, may collect anonymous information automatically through the use of cookies and similar technology. The service providers also may collect information about your online activities over time and on other websites or apps. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computers hard drive to collect information about your activities on our Website.


Cookies do not contain any Personal Information. We use cookies to collect and store information for statistical purposes, including browsing and Service usage activity, and to improve the services we provide. For example, if you are a registered user, we will use a cookie to save your Service settings and to provide customizable and personalized services. Cookies also enable you to select products, place them in your shopping cart and purchase the items. If you select and purchase products on the Service, we keep a record of your browsing activity and purchases. Most browsers allow you to refuse cookies from websites or to remove cookies from your hard drive. If you choose to do this, you may not be able to access or use portions of the Website.


NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.


We collect non-personally identifiable information from you in order for us to better understand how our website is used. Information about a users visit is logged, however your IP address is never referenced to personally identifiable information. Usage statistics are gathered in a non-intrusive manner. The log files are private documents and are primarily used by the server administrator for error notification, server administration and to monitor website performance. Occasionally, portions of the log files may be viewed by others for the purpose of server administration, security or when required by law.


IS INFORMATION SHARED WITH THIRD PARTIES?


We do not rent, sell or exchange your name or other personally-identifiable information to third-party companies for any purposes. Under no circumstances will your personal information be disclosed to any third party unless we seek your express consent or are required to do so by law.


CAROLILY FINERY E-NEWSLETTER.


By subscribing to the Carolily Finery e-newsletter, you grant us explicit consent to send you e-newsletters to the email address you provide. You may withdraw your consent at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link, found in the footer of every email that we send to you. You may also withdraw consent by sending an email request to: {removed hyperref}.


We will not sell, rent or trade your personal information to any third parties under any circumstances. By adding your email address to our mailing list, you can be assured that you are not signing up for more than you bargained. All information received will be kept confidential and used strictly for internal purposes. We will only use your email address to send our regular mailings and occasionally information about an event or update. We promise not to clog your inbox!


LINKING TO OTHER WEBSITES.


Carolily Finery sometimes provides links to other organizations websites. Unless we expressly say otherwise, a link to another website does not mean that we are responsible for, or that we endorse the content or policy of that website. When you provide information at one of those sites, you are subject to that sites privacy policy. We encourage you to read that websites policy before submitting any information if you have concerns about how information may be collected or used.


PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES.


Carolily Finery may deem it necessary or appropriate from time to time to modify this privacy policy to reflect changes in the way Carolily Finery collect or use information or changes in privacy-related laws, regulations, or industry standards. Accordingly, Carolily Finery reserves the right to change this privacy statement at any time by posting the revised policy on this site. Information will be handled according to the privacy statement in effect at the time the information is used. If we make any significant change to this policy, we will provide notice of the change on this website.


WHOM DO I CONTACT WITH QUESTIONS?


If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please email us at {removed hyperref} or write to us at:


CAROLILY FINERY.


3955 HARDING ROAD.


WEST KELOWNA, BC.


V4T 2J9.


TERMS OF USE.


These Terms of Use (Terms) apply to the Service. The Service includes any portion of the Carolily Finery website.


The Service is operated by Carolily Finery (referred to herein as Carolily Finery, Carolily, we, us and our). Your use of the Service is subject to the following terms and conditions.


BINDING AGREEMENT:


Please read through these terribly boring terms of use being using our Service. Each time you use this Service, you agree to these terms. If you do not accept these terms, please do not use this Service.


If you are using the Service on behalf of a company, entity, or organization (collectively Organization), then you represent and warrant that you: are an authorized representative of that Organization; have the authority to bind that Organization to these Terms; and agree to be bound by these Terms on behalf of that Organization.


SERVICE:


Products and Services Descriptions and Specifications. Carolily Finery attempts to be as accurate as possible when describing products and services on the Service. However, Carolily Finery does not warrant that product or service descriptions or specifications are accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product or service we offer through the Service does not match its description, your sole remedies are to stop using the Service and to return the product in unused condition. All descriptions and specifications are subject to change at any time without notice.


Pricing. The list prices displayed for products and services on the Service represent the full retail prices, excluding taxes and applicable fees, and are subject to change at any time without notice. Despite our best efforts, list and sale prices may be incorrect. We reserve the right to correct, at any time, any pricing errors. If a product or services correct price is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.


Availability. Availability of a product or service may change without notice.


Cancellation and Return Policy. You may cancel your purchase according to the policy located here.


Risk of Shipping Loss. All items purchased from Carolily Finery are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the shipping carrier.


Promotions. We and third parties on our behalf may run promotions, including sweepstakes and contests. The specific rules and regulations governing promotions will vary, and your participation constitutes your agreement to abide by those rules and regulations.


No SPAM. You agree that your use of the Service shall not include sending unsolicited marketing messages or broadcasts (i. e., spam). We will utilize any means possible to block spammers and abusers from using the Service. If you believe spam originated from the Service, please email us immediately at {removed hyperref}.


Additional Terms. Note that special terms apply to some services offered on the Service, such as subscription-based services, product purchases, rules for particular contests or sweepstakes or other features or activities. These terms are posted on the Service in connection with the applicable service. Any such terms are in addition to these Terms and, in the event of a conflict, prevail over these Terms. Other than as described in these Terms, these Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Carolily Finery concerning your use of the Service.


TRANSACTIONS AND PAYMENTS:


You Agree To Pay Carolily Finery for Purchases on the Service. You agree to pay for the purchases you agree to make through the Service. You agree that Carolily Finery may charge your selected payment method, such as a credit card, either directly or through the services of a third-party payment processor. If non-payment occurs due to a failed credit card transaction and is not remedied within seven days after we send you notice of non-payment, then we may terminate the applicable purchase.


Pre-Authorization. When you provide a credit card number to pay for a purchase on the Service, we, through our third-party payment processor, may seek pre-authorization of your credit card account prior to a purchase. This pre-authorization will verify the credit card is valid and/or has the necessary funds or credit available to cover your required payment. These pre-authorizations will reduce your available balance by the authorization amount until it is released or reconciled with the actual charge. Please contact your card issuer if you have additional questions regarding when an authorization amount will be removed from your statement.


Third-Party Payment Processors. Carolily Finery currently uses third-party payment processors for electronic commerce. Our payment processors and the payment methods they accept may change without notice. Our third-party e-commerce payment processor accepts payments through methods detailed on the applicable payment screen, which may include various credit cards. By using such third-party payment processors, you agree to their terms and conditions of use. Such third parties may charge fees to process payments. We may pay certain fees at our sole discretion. Carolily Finery disclaims all liability with regards to any fees or problems you have with third-party payment processors.


Availability of Certain Forms of Payment. Carolily Finery makes no representations and warranties about the continued availability of any particular form of payment method made available for use with the Service.


Timing of Payment. Payment occurs within a reasonable time of the transaction or shortly thereafter.


Notice of Failed Payment. If any fee cannot be charged to your credit card for any reason, we may provide you, via phone or email, notice of such non-payment and a link for you to update your payment information. If such non-payment is not remedied within seven days after receiving such notice of non-payment, then we may terminate the applicable subscription.


Taxes and Fees. You are responsible for determining and paying the appropriate government taxes, fees, and service charges resulting from a transaction occurring through the Service. We are not responsible for collecting, reporting, paying, or remitting to you any such taxes, fees, or service charges.


Currency. All transactions through the Service in the U. S. are in U. S. dollars and in Canada will be Canadian dollars.


TERMS MODIFICATION:


We reserve the right to modify or otherwise update these Terms at any time by posting an updated version on the Service and you agree to be bound by such modifications, updates and revisions. You should visit this page from time to time to review the current terms. We may change the Service or delete Content (as defined in the Copyright section below) or features of this Service at any time, in any way, for any or no reason at our discretion.


COPYRIGHT:


All information, materials, functions and other content (including Submissions as defined in the Submissions section below) provided on this Service (collectively Content), such as text, graphics, images, video, audio, logos, computer code, and other content, is our property or the property of our licensors and is protected by Canadian and international copyright laws. The collection, arrangement and assembly of all content on this Service is our exclusive property and is protected by Canadian and international copyright laws. Except as stated herein or as otherwise provided in an express authorization from us, no material from the Service may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way. Any unauthorized use of any material contained in this Service is strictly prohibited.


TRADEMARKS:


Unless otherwise noted, the trademarks, service marks, trade dress, trade names, and logos (collectively Trademarks) used and displayed on this Service are our registered and unregistered Trademarks and the Trademarks of our licensors and are protected under trademark and other laws. Nothing on this Service should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Service. Our Trademarks and those of our licensors may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not ours, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits us.


Your Use of the Service and Content: We grant you a limited license to access and make personal use of the Service and the Content, subject to these Terms. This license is revocable at any time without notice and with or without cause. Neither this Service nor any portion of this Service or any Content may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose that is not expressly permitted by us in writing, except that where the Service is configured to enable the download of particular Content, you may download one copy of such Content to a single computer for your personal, noncommercial home use only, provided that you: (a) keep intact all copyright, trademarks, service marks, and other proprietary notices, (b) make no modifications to the Content, and (c) do not use the Content in a manner that suggests an association with any of our products, services, or brands. Any other use is expressly prohibited. We reserve the right to refuse services, and/or cancel orders at our discretion if we believe that user conduct violates applicable laws or is harmful to our interests.


In the event that we offer downloads of software from this Service and you download such software, the software, including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software (collectively the Software) are licensed to you by us or third party licensors for your personal, noncommercial home use only. We do not transfer title to the Software to you. You may not distribute or otherwise exploit the Software or decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise reduce the Software to a human-readable form. If required, we will seek your express consent before downloading any Software to your computer system. Such consent will be sought by Carolily Finery, located at the contact information set out below in these Terms.


LINKING:


Links to third party websites may be provided on this Service. If so, they are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use such links, you will leave this Service. We have not reviewed all such third party Services (if any) and do not control and are not responsible for any of these websites and their content. We do not endorse or make any representations about such websites or any information or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you access any third party websites linked from this Service, you do so at your own risk.


Unless otherwise permitted in writing signed by an authorized representative of Carolily Finery, a website that links to this Service:


Shall not imply, either directly or indirectly, that Carolily Finery is endorsing its products;


Shall not use any of our Trademarks or the Trademarks of our licensors;


Shall not contain content or material that could be construed as offensive, controversial or distasteful and should only contain content that is appropriate for all age groups;


Shall not disparage us or our products in any way or otherwise negatively affect or harm our reputation and goodwill;


Shall not present false or misleading information about us or the Carolily Finery opportunity;


Shall not misrepresent any relationship with us;


Shall not replicate in any manner any content in the Service; and.


Shall not create a browser or border environment around Service material.


CLAIM OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT:


We respect the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that your copyrighted property has been copied in any way that constitutes copyright infringement, or your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide our copyright agent the information specified below. Please note that this procedure is exclusively for notifying us that your copyrighted material has been infringed. To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following:


A physical or electronic signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;


A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon;


A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the.


Service;


Your physical address, telephone number and email address;


A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or by the law; and.


A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owners behalf.


We may terminate the accounts and/or prevent content posting of users who repeatedly infringe copyright holders copyrights. A repeat infringer is a user who, on more than two occasions, has been determined by final order of a Canadian court to have infringed the copyright rights of a third party by providing infringing content through the Service.


We may give you notice that we have removed or disabled access to certain material by means of a general notice on the Service, electronic mail to a users email address in our records, or by written communication sent by first-class mail to your physical address in our records. If you believe in good faith that a notice of copyright infringement has been wrongly filed against you, the DMCA permits you to send us a counter-notice.


Our Copyright Agent for notice and counter-notices of claims of copyright infringement on this Service can be reached as follows:


By Mail:


Carolily Finery.


3955 Harding Road.


West Kelowna, BC.


V4T 2J9.


YOUR CONTENT AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS:


For purposes of these Terms, the word Submissions means text, messages, ideas, concepts, suggestions, artwork, photographs, drawings, videos, audiovisual works, your and/or other persons names, likenesses, voices, usernames, profiles, actions, appearances, performances and/or other biographical information or material, and/or other similar materials that you submit, post, upload, embed, display, communicate or otherwise distribute on or through this Service.


We are always pleased to receive your comments, suggestions, and Submissions regarding this Service, our products and services, and our opportunity. If you transmit to us, post, or upload any Submissions to or through this Service, you grant us and our affiliates a non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully paid up, sub-licensable, transferable, perpetual and irrevocable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, distribute, publicly perform, create derivative works, and incorporate such Submissions and the names identified on the Submissions throughout the world in any media for any and all commercial and non-commercial purposes. You waive any rights you may have regarding your Submissions being altered or manipulated in any way that may be objectionable to you. This license will continue even after you stop using the Service. You also hereby grant each user of the Service a non-exclusive license to access your Submissions through the Service and third party social media sites, such as Facebook and Instagram.


By communicating a Submission to us, you represent and warrant that the Submission and your communication thereof conform to the Rules of Conduct section set forth below and all other requirements of these Terms and that you own or have the necessary rights, licenses, consents and permissions, without the need for any permission from or payment to any other person or entity, to exploit, and to authorize us to exploit, such Submission in all manners contemplated by these Terms. You agree to pay for all royalties, fees, and any other monies owing any person by reason of content you post on or through the Service. You also acknowledge and agree that your Submission is non-confidential and non-proprietary.


You understand and agree that you will not obtain, as a result of your use of the Service, any right, title, or interest in or to such content delivered via the Service or in any intellectual property rights (including, without limitation, any copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, or other rights) in the content.


PUBLIC FORUMS:


Public Forum means an area or feature offered as part of this Service that offers the opportunity for users to distribute Submissions for viewing by one or more Service users, including, but not limited to, a chat area, message board, instant messaging, mobile messaging, social community environment, profile page, conversation page, blog, or email function.


You acknowledge that Public Forums and features offered therein are for public and not private communications, and you have no expectation of privacy with regard to any Submission to a Public Forum. We cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose through any of these media; you make such disclosures at your own risk.


You are and shall remain solely responsible for the Submissions you distribute on or through the Service under your username or otherwise by you in any Public Forum and for the consequences of submitting and posting the same. We have no duty to monitor any Public Forum.


You should be skeptical about information provided by others, and you acknowledge that the use of any Submission posted in any Public Forum is at your own risk. We are not responsible for, and we do not endorse, or represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of the opinions, advice, information, content, or recommendations posted or sent by users in any Public Forum, including postings by Carolily Finery employees, and we specifically disclaim any and all liability in connection therewith. You accept that any reliance on material posted by users or third-party service providers will be at your own risk. By using the Service you accept the risk that you might be exposed to content that is objectionable or otherwise inappropriate.


We owe you no obligation, and therefore may refuse to post, deliver, display, transmit, remove, modify or otherwise use or take any action with respect to any Submissions that you make to the Service.


Communications:


You agree to receive email from us at the email address you provided to us for customer service related to the Services. We may send you email communications when you have opted to receive them. We may also send you special offers based on your selected interests. You may opt not to receive such promotional emails from us at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in each email. Consent for the sending of such commercial electronic messages will be sought by Carolily Finery located at the contact information set out below in these Terms.


By using the Service or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Service. If we learn of a security systems breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Service or sending an email to you. You may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing. To receive free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice), please write to us at {removed hyperref}.


RULES OF CONDUCT:


The following Rules of Conduct apply to the Service. You agree to use the Service only for its intended purpose and in an authorized manner. You must use the Service in compliance with all privacy, data protection, intellectual property, and other applicable laws. By using the Service, you agree that you will not upload, post, or otherwise distribute to the Service any Submission that:


(a) is defamatory, abusive, harassing, threatening, or an invasion of a right of privacy of another person; (b) is bigoted, hateful, or racially or otherwise offensive; (c) is violent, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, or otherwise sexually explicit; or (d) otherwise harms or can reasonably be expected to harm any person or entity;


attempts to or interferes with, harms, reverse engineers, steals from, or gains unauthorized access to the Service, user accounts, or the technology and equipment supporting the Service;


attempts to or results in data mining, robots, or the use of other data gathering devices on or through the Service, unless specifically allowed by these Terms;


sell, transfer, or assign any of your rights to use the Service to a third party without our express written consent;


accesses the Service from a jurisdiction where it is illegal or unauthorized;


is illegal or encourages or advocates illegal activity or the discussion of illegal activities with the intent to commit them, including a Submission that is, or represents an attempt to engage in, child pornography, stalking, abuse, sexual assault, fraud, trafficking in obscene or stolen material, drug dealing and/or drug use, harassment, theft, or conspiracy to commit any criminal activity;


infringes or violates any right of a third party including: (a) copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary or contractual rights; (b) right of privacy (specifically, you must not distribute another persons personal information of any kind without their express permission) or publicity; or (c) any confidentiality obligation;


is commercial, business related or advertises or offers to sell any products services or otherwise (whether or not for profit), or solicits others (including solicitations for contributions or donations);


contains a virus or other harmful component, or otherwise tampers with, impairs or damages the Service or any connected network, or otherwise interferes with any person or entitys use or enjoyment of the Service; or.


(a) does not generally pertain to the designated topic or theme of the relevant Public Forum; (b) violates any specific restrictions applicable to a Public Forum, including its age restrictions and procedures; or (c) is antisocial, disruptive, or destructive, including flaming, spamming, flooding, trolling, and griefing, as those terms are commonly understood and used on the Internet.


We cannot and do not assure that other users are or will be complying with the foregoing Rules of Conduct or any other provisions of these Terms, and, as between you and us, you hereby assume all risk of harm or injury resulting from any such lack of compliance.


You are responsible for any claims, fees, fines, penalties, and other liability incurred by us or others caused by or arising out of your breach of these Terms and your use of the Service.


Removal of Submissions:


We reserve the right, but disclaim any obligation or responsibility, to (a) monitor or review Submissions; (b) refuse to post or communicate or remove any Submission from the Service for any reason, including for activity which, in its sole judgment: violates these Terms; violates applicable laws, rules, or regulations; is abusive, disruptive, offensive or illegal; or violates the rights of, or harms or threatens the safety of, users of the Service; and (c) identify any user to third parties, and/or disclose to third parties any Submission or personally identifiable information when we believe in good faith that such identification or disclosure will either (i) facilitate compliance with laws, including, for example, compliance with a court order or subpoena, or (ii) help to enforce these Terms and/or protect the safety or security of any person or property, including the Service. Moreover, we retain all rights to remove Submissions at any time for any reason or no reason whatsoever.


International:


When you use the Service, you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.


PRIVACY:


Carolily Finery respects your privacy and the privacy of other visitors to the Service. To learn about our privacy practices and policies, please see our Privacy Policy, incorporated by reference into these Terms. Additionally, by using this Service, you acknowledge and agree that Internet transmissions may never completely private or secure. You understand that even though Carolily Finery takes precautions and utilizes SSL technology, any message or information you send to the Service may be read or intercepted by others, even if there is a special notice that a particular transmission (for example, credit card information) is encrypted.


WHOM DO I CONTACT WITH QUESTIONS?


If you have any questions or comments about our Terms of Use, please email us at {removed hyperref} or write to us at:


CAROLILY FINERY.


3955 HARDING ROAD.


West Kelowna, BC.


V4T 2J9.


