


Privacy Policy.


Colzer Statement.


Colzer collects customer information to improve your overall website navigation experience with us. We respect your privacy and are committed to maintaining and using this information responsibly.


INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE.


Colzer is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, rent or exchange this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. All information gathered by Colzer through your visit, is kept strictly confidential and will not be distributed to any company or individual. Ever. Any personal information you provide to us on our website when you sign our mailing list, or request information (i. e. name, address, e-mail address, telephone number) is maintained in private files on our secure Web server and our internal systems. Colzer will not sell, rent nor share your email address with others for them to send you unsolicited email.


RECEIVING EMAIL PROMOTIONS.


If you give us your email address when you register, we will send you emails about promotions. To remove yourself from our mailing list, simply click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the message.


About cookies.


Although Colzer will use cookies to track user patterns on its web site, Colzer will not use cookies to learn the identity of its users, nor attempt to track users after they leave the Colzer site. Further, cookies will not be used by Colzer to gather specific personal information about individual, and Colzer will not participate in any external site tracking programs. Nor will we share any cookie-generated information about individual users or user patterns.


ABOUT DEMOGRAPHIC.


Colzer will compile site-wide demographic information that it will not compile profiles of individual users, including the gathering of names, addresses, email addresses and other personal information.


USER IP.


Colzer tracks user IP addresses for the purposes of systems administration, demographic profiling and traffic logging, but Colzer will not use IP addresses to try to identify individual users of Colzer.


POLICY CHANGES AND QUESTIONS.


Colzer may update our privacy policy from time to time and use of the information we collect now is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time of use. Whenever we make a change, we will post the updated policy at this site and we encourage you to check our policy periodically. By using our website following the posting of a change in the privacy policy, you consent to the updated policy. If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.


CHOICE AND OPT-OUT.


If you no longer wish to receive the Companys promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each communication or by e-mailing the Company at {removed hyperref}.


