


1. WHO WE ARE This website is operated by Cube Tracker, an eCommerce business based in Michigan, United States, which focuses on the vending of minimalistic Bluetooth tracking device (hereafter Cube Tracker, we, our or us). Cube Tracker cherishes user privacy and takes great caution when collecting information in connection with the use of {removed href} {removed hyperref} (hereafter, the Site). In this spirit, we have created this privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use, keep, transfer or disclose (together referred to as processing) of personal information in relation to your access and use of this Site. This Policy applies to information we collect via the Site, its blogs and mobile application (Services). This Policy also informs you of individual rights regarding information we hold about you and our obligations with respect to the protection of personal information. Please read this Policy carefully. By continuing to use this Site, you are considered to have consented to this Policy, our Terms of Use and our use of cookies. If you disagree with this Policy, you should not use the Site. Cube Trackers registered office is at CUBE TRACKER, INC., 46980 86TH AVE. DECATUR, MI 49045, UNITED STATES and we a company/partnership/sole proprietorship registered in Michigan under Michigan Tax Id. Cube Tracker sets the purposes for which data is collected and in this regard we act as the Data Controller when handling your data.


2. INFORMATION CUBE TRACKER COLLECTS In this Policy, personal information refers to information that can reasonably likely be used to locate, contact or determine the apparent identity of an individual and has the same meaning as personally identifiable information or personal data. Cube Tracker processes only information which is required to provide our services in the most effective way possible and to fulfil any legal or contractual responsibilities to which we are subject. We do not collect information thaw we do not need or process your information in manner other as expressly explained in this Policy. We collect information in different ways depending on how you interact or engage with our Services.


INFORMATION SUPPLIED BY YOU Some of the information we collect is provided directly by you including for example when you purchase cube tracker Bluetooth devices on the site, create an account on the Cube Tracker mobile application, contact us via contact forms on the site or through social media, subscribe to our newsletter or submit product reviews to us. Information we may collect in this way includes:


{number list}.


{list item} Name.


{list item} Email address.


{list item} Phone number.


{list item} Shipping address.


{list item} Billing address.


{list item} Payment information (credit or debit card information).


INFORMATION FROM SEVER LOGS AND CUBE TRACKER APP Cube Tracker App and web server automatically logs or collects certain information concerning your interaction with the Site or App. This information is only considered as personal information to the extent it can reasonably likely be used, to identify you as natural person, directly or indirectly. Information collected this way includes:


{number list}.


{list item} IP address.


{list item} Unique device identifiers.


{list item} Type and version of internet browser used to access the site.


{list item} Page views.


{list item} Date, time and duration of visit.


{list item} Cube Tracker ID.


{list item} Cube Tracker name or username.


{list item} Photograph.


LOCATION INFORMATION Cube Tracker is design to locate items and this functionality requires the collection of your devices location data. Cube Tracker will from time to collect, store and transmit anonymous location data to Cube Tracker web servers and therefore allows you to view the approximate location of the items on map. This will enable users to identify the last place Cube Tracker cube Tracker interacted with your device. Cube Tracker may also collect anonymous location information of other Cube Trackers within the Bluetooth range of your device. Individual Cube Tracker location data will not be associated or combined with data from any other users. Cube Tracker uses IP addresses to determine the approximate location of your device.


CUBE TRACKER APP USAGE INFORMATION We collect some information by tracking and recording how you interact with our Services. When you install and use the Cube Tracker App, the App will send some information about the device and app usage to Cube Tracker servers. This information includes.


{number list}.


{list item} Device model, operating system and version.


{list item} Date and time of requests.


3. COOKIES AND OTHER WEB TECHNOLOGIES A Cookie is a trifling and harmless text-file that that this website places onto your devices hard drive or memory if you have configured your browser to accept cookies. We use cookies to help us understand how users interact with our services.


HOW WE USE COOKIES We use cookies to provide a custom and helpful user experience. Some cookies will save and store information about your interaction with the site and remember your preferred content, location, language, or region. Cookies may also remember log in credentials and help us authenticate users. These are the so called session cookies which expire when you close your browser and leave the site. We also use persistent cookies to collect aggregate statistical data on website usage. This data help us to analyze website usage and improve its design and functionality. Persistent cookies will expire after a defined period of time.


CONTROL COOKIES Users may block or decline cookies being downloaded onto their devices. You can do by configuring the cookie settings of your internet browser. You may also set to be notified when a web server attempts to save a cookie on your deice. If you block all cookies from Cube Tracker, you may not be able to use certain parts or functionality of the website.


WEB BEACONS A web beacon (also called a page tag or tracking bug) is tiny transparent graphic imperceptibly embedded on the site and containing unique identifiers. We use web beacons to track how users use our website and services, analyze and measure website performance and to measure the performance of our ads.


WEB ANALYTICS AND THIRD PARTY SERVICES: Cube Tracker uses third party services including social media plugins and Widgets, Facebook tags, Google Analytics and Shopify which may be hosted outside of the European Union. These services may set cookies on your device and collect, transmit, analyse and report website usage information on our behalf and help deliver personalized ads and content. Please note Facebook and Google have implemented GDPR protection measures in accordance with the GDPR. To learn more about the privacy policies and how to opt-out of the data collection activities by Google Analytics please visit the following links: {removed href} {removed hyperref}/ and: {removed href} {removed hyperref}. To learn more about Shopify and Facebook interest-based advertising and data collection ease visit their Help Pages. For general information on third party behavioural advertising and choices available to you, please visit {removed href} {removed hyperref} or {removed href} {removed hyperref}/


4. LINKS TO EXTERNAL WEBSITES: We may feature links to websites and services that are owned or operated by third parties. The inclusion of those links is for convenience purpose only and does not mean we are endorsing the reliability, safety or security of those external websites. We have not control over how those website collect, use or protect your information. If you opt to follow links contained hereon, you agree that you are doing so at your own risk and accept full liability for loss or harm suffered forthwith.


5. LEGAL BASES FOR COLLECTING PERSONAL INFORMATION: Cube Tracker relies on several lawful reasons in collecting and using users personal information: These are.


{number list}.


{list item} CONSENT: If you voluntarily provide information in connection with a request for particular service, purchase order or to obtain specific information, we will collect and use your information so as to provide services or products requested or ordered by you.


{list item} CONTRACTUAL NECESSITY: We will collect, use, store and or share information if it is necessary to do so in order to carry out any contract between Cube Tracker and you.


{list item} LEGAL COMPLIANCE: WE MAY RETAIN AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION AS REQUIRED BY LAW OR IN COMPLIANCE WITH LEGAL REQUIREMENTS TO WHICH TO WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO INCLUDING FOR EXAMPLE SALES TAX REPORTING.


{list item} LEGITIMATE INTEREST: We may use your information to send information about products or services that we believe would be of interest or benefit to you and in our legitimate interest. We will use information in this manner on the basis of an existing customer relationship. In our legitimate interest to develop, improve and promote our services, we may share certain information to third parties who help us in product delivery, website maintenance and /or customer support.


6. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION: In accordance with the above law grounds, we use information we collect for the following purposes:


{number list}.


{list item} Too provide access to our website and Cube Tracker App.


{list item} To develop, improve, promote and personalize our Services.


{list item} To communicate with our users in connection with enquiries, purchase orders, customer support, and feedback.


{list item} To identify and prevent malicious or fraudulent usage of our Services.


{list item} To ensure compliance with our terms and conditions and other site policies.


{list item} To process payments for purchases made on the site.


7. DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION. Cube Tracker does not share your information except where the law requires us to do or if you otherwise consent to the disclosure or where it is necessary so as to provide services requested by you. We may share information to law enforcement agencies, courts or government supervisory bodies in response to their lawful requests. We may share information to our service providers who need such information to delivers services to your on our behalf. These include for example email marketers, mail carriers and technical support and maintenance providers. All third parties affiliated with us agree to protect personal information in line with this Policy and applicable data protection laws. Cube Tracker will not share your information for other purposes other than those stated in this Policy. We may also have to disclose information it is necessary to enforce our Terms and Conditions or protect the rights of other users. We may also disclose your information in Cube Trackers legitimate int.


8. YOUR RIGHTS CUBE TRACKER recognizes certain rights in relation to information we hold about users. If you would like to access and correct or update your information, you can do so on your profile page in the Cube Tracker App. You may also contact us via {removed href} {removed hyperref} regarding any inaccuracy in your information and we will assist to update it. Location information is an integral part of the service and cannot be modified. You can prevent our Services from collecting location information by disabling the location service on your device or denying Cube Tracker App permission to access your location. If you have enable location history, you can delete location history data via your account. If you opt to delete your Cube Tracker account, all personal information, including location data, will be deleted along with except if we are permitted to retain certain information in accordance with this Policy. If you delete your user account, your Cube Tracker device may still transmit anonymous location data to nearly Cube Tracker devices.


Our consumers located in the EU or EEA have the following specific data rights in relation to information we collect about them.


{number list}.


{list item} RIGHT TO WITHDRAW CONSENT. Where collection and use of your information is based on your consent, you have to recall your consent at any time and we will stop providing services or information which relied on such consent.


{list item} RECTIFICATION OF INFORMATION: Where information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you may require for it to rectified or completed.


{list item} RIGHT TO ERASURE OF INFORMATION: You have the right to demand the deletion of data which is erroneous or which has been collected and used unlawfully. If you withdraw consent for processing of certain data, you have the right to ask for the erasure of data to which that consent relates.


{list item} RIGHT TO RESTRICTION OF OR OBJECTION TO PROCESSING: Where processing is unlawful or information is erroneous, you have the right, under certain circulate, to limit or object to the processing of such information.


{list item} RIGHT TO DATA PORTABILITY: You have the right to obtain a copy of your information in a structured machine-readable format and to transfer it to any third-party data controller in accordance with your consent.


9. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS: Cube Tracker uses third party services that may be located outside of your jurisdiction including outside of the EU for the purposes of GDPR-compliance. These include our web hosting service, cloud-hosting, web analytics provides, email servers and payment processors. These services may collect, process, transmit, report or store information on our behalf. Where we use third parties to process information, we take steps to ensure that they process your information in accordance with this Policy, relevant data protection laws and only for the purposes specified herein.


10. SECURITY OF INFORMATION: Cube Tracker has implemented various measures to enhance the protection of personal information and mitigate the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access, use, disclosure, or alteration. These measures include encryption, anonymization and de-personalization of information before sharing it to third parties, as well as managing access to information by our employees. Please note that while we strive to protect personal information from risks, we do not provide any guarantee or warranty of information security.


11. COMMUNICATIONS: From time to time, CUBE TRACKER would like to contact you with the special offers, product news and promotions that we provide. If you agree to us using your contact information for this purpose, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by using the opt-out/unsubscribe options we provide or by contacting CUBE TRACKER directly.


12. BLOG AND FORUM POSTS: The Cube Tracker App and Website may provide you with ability to interact with other uses using our forums and blogs. All information posted on the blog of forum is considers public and non-confidential. If you share information on the open forums, you do so at your own risk and Cube Tracker will not assume any liability whatsoever arising from that conduct. Cube Tracker may, at discretion or, upon request, remove any information on our blog, forum or App.


For removal requests, please contact us at: {removed hyperref}.


13. DO NOT TRACK (DNT): Please note that our website and App do not at present honor DNT signals. If you are concerned about web tracking technologies, please review your browsers privacy and security settings. 14. YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES: It is your sole duty to keep your account information private, secure and confidential. You must disclose your password to any person or allow anyone else to use it. If you are concerned that your password is no longer confidential, please reset your password through the Cube Tracker App or website. We do not have access to user passwords.


15. CHILDRENS PRIVACY: In compliance with the Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act, we do not direct our Services to persons under the age of13 and we do not intentionally collect Information from them. Cube Tracker will discard all information submitted by persons under the age of 13.


16. PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES. We may update this policy from time to time to accommodate our information collection practice or comply with applicable laws. In case significant changes, we will notify our users as soon as possible through emails provided to us and on this website.


17. CONTACT INFORMATION: If you have any questions, complaints or requests regarding our information we hold about you, please contact us by email at {removed hyperref} or write to us at:


United States:


Cube Tracker, Inc. 46980 86th Ave.


Decatur, MI 49045.


