


{removed href}.


Privacy Policy.


{REMOVED HREF} SUPPORT PRIVACY POLICY.


Last Updated: February 14, 2019.


This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their Personally Identifiable Information (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your PII in accordance with our website and app.


WHAT TYPE OF NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?


{number list}.


{list item}.


{number list}.


{list item} Device Information: When you interact with our products, we automatically collect device information, such as the MAC address of your devices, IP address, wireless connection information, operating system type and version, application version number, push notification identifier, log files, and mobile network information.


{list item} Usage Data: During your interaction with our sites and services, we automatically collect usage data relating to visits, clicks, downloads, messages sent/received, and other usage of our Sites and Services.


{list item} Log information: When you use our app, the application and exception log may be uploaded.


{list item} Location Information: We may collect information about your real-time precise or non-precise geo-location when you use our specific products or services.


WHAT PII DO WE COLLECT FROM THE PEOPLE THAT VISIT OUR BLOG, WEBSITE OR APP?


When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.


WHEN DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION?


We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, use live chat, open a support ticket or enter information on our site.


HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?


We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:


{number list}.


{list item} To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.


{list item} To improve our website or app in order to better serve you.


{list item} To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.


{list item} To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.


{list item} To quickly process your transactions.


{list item} To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products.


{list item} To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries).


HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?


{number list}.


{list item} We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.


{list item} An external PCI compliant payment gateway handles all credit card transactions.


{list item} We use regular Malware Scanning.


{list item} Your PII is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.


{list item} We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your PII.


{list item} All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.


However, the internet is not a fully secure environment and we cannot ensure the security of any information transmitted to or generated by us in connection with our website. There is no guarantee that information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach or by any of our operational safeguards. You play an important role in protecting your information by maintaining up to date computer security protections as well as ensuring the security of your computer passwords or other personal identifier authentication mechanisms. You agree that you are responsible for any additional verification procedures that you deem necessary. In the event that we are required by law to inform you of any unauthorized access to your PII we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.


By using our website, you agree that the procedures provided for in this Privacy Policy and the procedures to protect PII and to verify the identity of this websites users constitute commercial reasonable website security and customer verification procedures.


DO WE USE COOKIES?


Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.


You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since every browser is a little different, look at your browsers Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.


THIRD-PARTY DISCLOSURE.


We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your PII unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.


THIRD-PARTY LINKS.


We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.


Googles advertising requirements can be summed up by Googles Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.


Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Googles use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.


WE HAVE IMPLEMENTED THE FOLLOWING:


We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.


OPTING OUT OF GOOGLE ADS Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.


CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.


We may elect to share information about you with third parties for those third parties direct marketing purposes. California Civil Code Section 1798. 83 permits our customers who are California residents who have supplied PII (as defined in the law) to us, under certain circumstances, to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of PII to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If this law applies to you, you may obtain the categories of PII shared by us and the names and addresses of all third parties that received PII for their direct marketing purposes from us during the immediately prior calendar year (e. g., requests made in 2018 will receive information about 2017 sharing activities). If you are a California resident and you would like to make a request, please contact us at {removed hyperref}.


HOW DOES OUR SITE HANDLE DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS?


We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.


DOES OUR SITE ALLOW THIRD-PARTY BEHAVIORAL TRACKING?


Its also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking.


INFORMATION FOR PARENTS.


The Website is a general audience website and we do not knowingly collect any PII from children younger than the age of thirteen (13) as required by United States law. We will delete any PII collected that we later determine to be from a user younger than the age of thirteen (13). If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of thirteen (13) and believe he or she has disclosed PII to us, please contact us at {removed hyperref}. You can find more information about the Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) at {removed hyperref}.


WE COLLECT YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS IN ORDER TO:


{number list}.


{list item} Send information, respond to inquiries and/or other requests or questions.


{list item} Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.


{list item} Send you additional information related to your product and/or service.


{list item} Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.


You can stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in e-mails that you receive. Although we will remove your name from our mailing list after receiving your request within the timeframe permitted by law, you may still receive mailings from us that had been initiated prior to your name being removed. If you decide not to receive promotional emails, we may still send you transactional communications, such as those about your account, to fulfill orders you have made, to ask you to rate the product you purchased, or other service-related communications.


IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE OR APP.


YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THIS WEBSITE FOLLOWING THE POSTING OF CHANGES TO THESE TERMS WILL MEAN YOU ACCEPT SUCH CHANGES. IF WE AMEND THIS PRIVACY POLICY TO PERMIT MATERIAL CHANGES IN THE WAY WE COLLECT, USE, AND/OR SHARE YOUR PII, WE WILL NOTIFY YOU OF SUCH AMENDMENT BY PROMINENTLY POSTING NOTICE OF SUCH AMENDMENT ON THE WEBSITES HOME PAGES PRIOR TO THE CHANGE BECOMING EFFECTIVE.


CONTACTING US.


If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us at {removed hyperref} or the mailing address listed below.


32 Brunswick Ave.


Edison, New Jersey 08817.


United States.


{removed hyperref}.


