


ST. PATRICKS DAY SALE TIME LEFT 1 D: 06 H: 57 M: 52 S.


Privacy Policy.


Sunbobo Digital Company Limited (Eonon) has created this Privacy Policy to explain the privacy practices for the {removed hyperref}, {removed hyperref} websites. Eonon reserves the right to change its privacy policies at any time by posting the revised Privacy Policy. Each time you visit or use a website, the current version of the Privacy Policy applies. If you do not agree to the Privacy Policy, do not use any websites.


What information does Eonon collect?


The information we learn from you helps us personalize and improve your shopping and viewing experience on the websites. The types of information we collect are as follows:


INFORMATION YOU GIVE US:


A. We receive your Email when you sign up for email newsletters. So that we can send you notification of special offers we think youll find valuable. You may unsubscribe later if you change your mind.


B. When you set up an account, you will provide your name, Email address, and create a password. Actual purchases is for payment and delivery information. During the registration or account setup process or at other places on the websites, you may have the opportunity to indicate areas about which you would like to receive the product.


C. When a product is out of stock on our product page, and you register for the arrival of this product, we will collect your Email and name (optional), so that you will receive the arrival notice when this product is back in stock.


D. You may also be asked whether you would like to participate in future surveys. We will collect the results answered by you.


AUTOMATIC INFORMATION:


We automatically receive and record certain types of information whenever you interact with us. This information may include the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your country location, and connection information such as browser type and version. We use this information to learn how visitors use the site, to remember your visits, and to diagnose problems.


COOKIES:


Like many other websites, the websites use cookies (small text files) to record your activity while visiting and enable us to personalize your Web browsing experience, including allowing our system to record your logon and password.


If you do not want Eonon to deploy browser cookies when you visit the websites, you may set your browser to reject cookies. Doing so may disable the websites ability to retain information you have provided and affect the use of some functions on the website.


Anonymous session information is collected and analyzed by Google Inc. using Google Analytics. For more information about Google, Googles use of cookies, and Googles privacy practices, please click here: {removed href} {removed hyperref}/.


What does Eonon do to keep your information secure?


The customer information submitted through our website is only used to provide better service. And Eonon does not sell or rent contact information to third-party marketers, data collection companies or any other entities, we keep your information confidential. Your security and information is encrypted and confidential. We have put in place reasonable physical and technical measures to safeguard the information we collect. However, please note that although we take reasonable steps to protect your information, no website, Internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure.


What if you have questions?


If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or information collected about you, please write to us: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{removed href}.


Privacy-Policy.


Privacy-Policy.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Privacy Policy.


{list item} {removed href} What information does Eonon collect?


{list item} {removed href} What does Eonon do to keep your information secure?


{list item} {removed href} What if you have questions?


{removed href}.


1.


Days.


: 06.


Hours.


: 57.


Minutes.


: 52.


Seconds.


Original text.


Contribute a better translation.


