


PRIVACY POLICY.


Protecting your personal information is our top priority, which is why we only use your data in strict compliance with applicable data protection principles. The provisions of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) become enforceable throughout the European Union on 25 May 2018. We want to keep you fully informed now about how FitTrack processes personal data in accordance with this new regulation (see Article 13 ff. GDPR). Please read our privacy policy carefully. If you have any questions or comments about our privacy policy, you can always contact us at the e-mail address below.


1. OVERVIEW.


The following privacy policy informs you about the nature and extent of the processing of PERSONAL DATA by FitTrack LLC., 3422 Old Capitol Trail, Suite 17, 19808 Wilmington, Delaware, USA (hereinafter FitTrack, we, us or our). Personal data is any information that allows an individual to be identified directly or indirectly. The use of our app, products, services, technologies or features, and all related pages, applications and services (collectively referred to as the Services), is governed by this Privacy Policy.


When you register for the first time, or log on in the case of existing customers, you declare by means of a simple notification that you accept this privacy policy and expressly consent to the handling, use and disclosure of your personal data in the manner described herein.


The data gathered by FitTrack can be divided PRIMARILY INTO TWO CATEGORIES:


{number list}.


{list item} All data required for the processing, preparation and PERFORMANCE OF AN AGREEMENT with FitTrack. If other service provides are involved in the performance of the agreement, e. g. payment services, optimization services or hosts, your data will be forwarded to them to the extent required.


{list item} When you ACCESS OUR SERVICES, some information is exchanged between your device and our server, or the server of the services we use. This may include personal information. One of the ways in which the information gathered in this way will used is to further improve our Service.


Under the GDPR, you have VARIOUS RIGHTS that you can assert with us. These include the right to selectively OBJECT to the use of data, particularly for advertising purposes. The option to OBJECT is highlighted in print. Further information on your rights can be found in the additional section below and in the individual descriptions of the respective data uses.


Our Services are only available to users who are 18 years of age or older. If you are not at least 18 years old, you may only use our Services if your parents have given their consent herein, and you have provided sufficient proof of this consent.


IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT OUR PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MAY CONTACT OUR DATA PRIVACY OFFICER BY EMAIL AT: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


2. NAME AND CONTACT INFORMATION FOR THE PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR DATA PROCESSING AND OF THE COMPANYS DATA PRIVACY OFFICER.


This privacy policy applies to the use of data by 3422 Old Capitol Trail, Suite 17, 19808 Wilmington, Delaware, USA, as the responsible party under the GDPR for the following services: {removed hyperref} and the FitTrack Health App. The company may be reached at the aforementioned address or by email at {removed hyperref}. The designated representative within the EU, pursuant to Art. 3, paragraph 2, in conjunction with Art. 27, paragraph 1(3), of the GDPR.


3. PURPOSES OF DATA COLLECTION, LEGAL BASIS AND LEGITIMATE INTERESTS PURSUED BY US OR A THIRD PARTY, AND CATEGORIES OF RECIPIENTS.


3. 1. ACCESSING OUR SERVICE.


If you access our Services, especially by visiting our website or app, the app or the browser used on your device automatically sends information to our server and temporarily stores it in a log file. The FOLLOWING INFORMATION is collected without your intervention and stored until it is automatically or manually deleted in the log file:


{number list}.


{list item} Your devices IP address.


{list item} Date and time of access.


{list item} The name and URL of the retrieved file, the website/app from which access was made (referrer URL).


{list item} Your browsers unique identifier.


{list item} The name of your Internet provider.


The PROCESSING OF THE AFOREMENTIONED DATA is based on Article 6(1) f) of the GDPR. Our legitimate interest arises from the uses listed below. At this point, we note that we are unable and do not attempt to draw any conclusions about your identity from the data collected. Your devices IP address and the other information listed above are used by us for the FOLLOWING PURPOSES:


{number list}.


{list item} To ensure that a trouble-free connection can be established.


{list item} To ensure the convenient use of our Services.


{list item} To evaluate system security and stability.


{list item} Other administrative purposes.


The data is stored in compliance with legally established data retention periods and then deleted automatically. We also use cookies, tracking tools, targeting methods and interfaces to other services such as social media platforms, payment processors or app store providers. The exact procedures, and how your data will be used for this purpose, are explained in more detail in Section 4 below.


3. 2. CONCLUDING, PERFORMING OR TERMINATING AN AGREEMENT.


DATA COLLECTED WHEN CONCLUDING AN AGREEMENT.


We primarily define our Services as those of a personal fitness trainer: Based on your own self-defined training goals, we prepare your personal training and nutritional plan with workouts, suggested recipes and a broad variety of other information about health, fitness and nutrition. To do this, we collect the information required to CONCLUDE, PERFORM OR TERMINATE AN AGREEMENT. This includes:


{number list}.


{list item} E-mail address.


{list item} First and last name.


{list item} Billing and payment information.


{list item} Information you enter yourself and that is generated during the use of our Services, such as gender, age, height, weight, training goals, training history, sporting activities, mealtimes, etc.


The legal basis for this is Art. 6(1) a) and b) and Art. 9(2) a) of the GDPR. Unless we use your contact information for customer support or customer service (see details under Section 3. 3), the information required to conclude the agreement is stored until it is no longer needed for this purpose and/or until the rights under any guarantee or warranty expire. Subsequently, we retain the required personal information for the periods established by law. During this retention period (usually six to 10 years after conclusion of the agreement), the information is used only in the case of an audit by the tax authority.


3. 3. DATA PROCESSING FOR CUSTOMER SUPPORT OR CUSTOMER SERVICE.


3. 3. 1. INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES.


If you have signed up for our Services, we manage you as an existing customer. In this case, we process your CONTACT INFORMATION in order to send you information about new, enhanced or improved features, products and services, etc.


3. 3. 2. PERSONALIZED ADS.


To ensure that you receive only information that corresponds to your interests, we classify and ADD INFORMATION TO YOUR CUSTOMER PROFILE. For this purpose, both statistical information as well as information about you (such as basic or historical data from your customer profile) are used. The goal is to optimize our Services by adapting them to your actual or perceived interests and/or needs, and to send you the appropriate recommendations and not bother you with useless ads.


The legal basis for each of the aforementioned data uses is Art. 6(1) b) and f) of the GDPR and Art. 9(2) a) of the GDPR. The use of existing customer data for the companys own advertising purpose is recognized as a legitimate interest under Recital 47 of the GDPR.


3. 3. 3. CUSTOMER SUPPORT.


GORGIAS.


On the basis of Art. 6(1) b) of the GDPR, we use the ticket system of Gorgias, 768 Harrison St, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA (Gorgias) for service, support and other user queries. If you send us a support request over one of our channels (e. g. our contact form, live chat, e-mail, etc.), the following data will be processed over Gorgias servers, depending on the content and the selected contact channel:


{number list}.


{list item} The information you enter.


{list item} Name.


{list item} Email address.


{list item} Browser information.


{list item} IP address.


For more information on Gorgias data processing, see {removed href} {removed hyperref}. You may also send questions directly to the Gorgias at: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


3. 3. 4. NEWSLETTERS TEXT MESSAGE OFFERS.


One of our Services is to offer prospective customers the opportunity to sign up for our NEWSLETTER. We use the double opt-in process to confirm that the email address entered actually corresponds to the prospective customer. After the email address is entered, we send you a confirmation link. Your email address will only be included on our mailing list after you click on this confirmation link. We store the information collected during this process only for purposes of documentation and proof. This includes:


{number list}.


{list item} The email address you provide.


{list item} Your IP address.


{list item} The date and time of registration.


{list item} Form of address.


{list item} The date, content and time of the confirmation email.


{list item} The IP address of the device used for the confirmation.


{list item} The date and time of your confirmation.


The legal basis for this is Art. 6(1) a) GDPR. We store this information until the contract relationship ends as proof of the legality of sending the newsletter. After the contract relationship ends, we retain the required personal information for the period specified by law. During this period (usually 10 years from the conclusion of the agreement), the data will only be processed again in the event of a tax audit. You can REVOKE your consent at any time with effect for the future. Simply click on the unsubscribe button in the respective e-mail or send a short note by e-mail. Please use the options to contact the companys data privacy officer for this purpose.


By entering your phone number in the checkout and initialising a purchase, subscribing via our subscription form or a keyword, you agree that we may send you text notifications (for your order, including abandoned cart reminders) and text marketing offers. Text marketing messages will not exceed four a month. You acknowledge that consent is not a condition for any purchase.


If you wish to unsubscribe from receiving text marketing messages and notifications reply with STOP to any mobile message sent from us or use the unsubscribe link we provided you with in any of our messages. You understand and agree that alternative methods of opting out, such as using alternative words or requests will not be accounted as a reasonable means of opting out. Message and data rates may apply.


For any questions please text HELP to the number you received the messages from. You can also contact us for more information. If you wish to opt out please follow the procedures above.


3. 3. 5. RIGHT TO OBJECT.


YOU MAY OBJECT TO THE USE OF YOUR DATA FOR THE AFOREMENTIONED PURPOSES AT ANY TIME FREE OF CHARGE FOR EACH COMMUNICATION CHANNEL AND WITH EFFECT FOR THE FUTURE. AN EMAIL OR A LETTER SENT USING THE CONTACT INFORMATION SHOWN UNDER SECTION 2 IS SUFFICIENT FOR THIS PURPOSE.


Once you submit your objection, we will block the relevant contact address for future advertising data processing. We will process your objection as soon as possible and implement the appropriate blocking measures immediately after it is confirmed. Please note that in some exceptional cases the relevant information or product recommendations may still be received even after receipt of your objection. This is simply due to technical reasons and does not mean your objection has not been processed. Thank you very much for your understanding.


4. DATA PROCESSING FOR THE PROVISION OF OUR SERVICES.


In this section, we inform you about the data processing necessary for the provision of our Services:


4. 1. ONLINE PRESENCE AND WEBSITE OPTIMIZATION.


We will not sell or lease your information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. We only disclose certain information to third parties from time to time to be able to offer the best possible product to our customers, improve the quality of our Services and protect the interests of our customers. However, this disclosure will always be subject to strict limitations, which are described in more detail below.


4. 1. 1. COOKIES GENERAL INFORMATION.


We use cookies on our website in compliance with Art. 6(1) f) of the GDPR. Our interest in improving our Services is recognized as legitimate in the aforementioned provision. Cookies are small files generated automatically by your browser and stored on your device (laptop, tablet, smartphone, etc.) when you use our Services. Cookies do not harm your device, and do not contain viruses, Trojans or other malware. Cookies contain information downloaded by the specific device. This does not mean, however, that we receive direct knowledge of your identity. We use SESSION COOKIES to track your use of the individual pages of our website. When you use our Services again at a later time, the cookie automatically recognizes your previous visit to the website. To make the site more user friendly, we also use TEMPORARY COOKIES, which are stored on your device for a predetermined period of time.


Another reason we use cookies is to GATHER STATISTICS on the use of our Services and evaluate them in order to optimize your experience and to display information tailored to you. These cookies allow us to automatically recognize that you have visited our site before. The cookies are automatically deleted after a predefined period. Most browsers accept cookies automatically. However, you can disable cookies on your browser or choose to be notified when a new cookie is created. However, disabling cookies completely may mean that not all features of our Services will be available to you. The storage period of cookies depends on their purpose and may vary.


4. 1. 2. KLAVIYO.


To design and continuously improve our customer engagement efforts in compliance with Art. 6(1) a) of the GDPR, we use an Email Marketing Platform Klaviyo, 225 Franklin St floor 10, Boston, MA 02110, United States, (hereinafter Klaviyo). We use Klaviyo for our email marketing campaigns and to reach out to our opted-in users. For this purpose, when you double opt-in to FitTracks email list, we send the following information to Klaviyo:


{number list}.


{list item} Name.


{list item} Email address.


{list item} Time zone.


{list item} Device information (screen resolution, browser information and operating system).


{list item} IP address.


{list item} Location.


{list item} Language used.


You can OBJECT to this data processing at any time by either clicking the unsubscribe button of the respective newsletter or simply informing us that you no longer wish to have such processing in the future. Please use the contact options of our company data privacy officer for this purpose.


4. 1. 3. FACEBOOK PIXEL.


To set up, continuously improve, and track the conversion of our Facebook campaigns as required, in compliance with Art. 6(1) f) of the GDPR, we use the individual visitor action pixel of Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland (hereinafter Facebook). This pixel is integrated into our websites code. This helps us ensure that the Facebook ads we initiate are only displayed to Facebook users who have shown interest in our Services. In this way we know that our Facebook ads correspond to the potential interest of the respective users and not bothering them. It also allows us to track the actions of Facebook users after they have viewed or clicked on one of our Facebook ads. At the same time, it helps us track the conversion of the respective campaign for statistical, market-research and billing purposes. The following information is collected during its use:


{number list}.


{list item} Time stamp.


{list item} URL.


{list item} Campaign-related information (particularly impression, form field and activated button specifications).


Information collected in this way is anonymous to us and therefore does not provide us with any information about the identity of the respective user. Such processing for behavioural and interest-based advertising purposes is recognized as in our legitimate interest under Recital 47 of the GDPR. The data is stored in accordance with the legally established retention periods and then automatically deleted.


You should be aware that when you log on after placing the pixel on your Facebook account, or you visit our website while logged on, Facebook may store and process this information. Facebook can connect this data with your Facebook account and use it for its own advertising purposes, in accordance with Facebooks data policy: {removed href} {removed hyperref}/. You can find more information about the Facebook pixel {removed href} her e. You can enable Facebook and its partners to display ads on and off Facebook. You can OBJECT to this special data processing at any time by changing your Facebook settings accordingly or by simply informing us that you no longer want this processing in the future. Please use the contact options for our companys data privacy officer for this purpose. Please be aware that the objection only applies to the device being used in each case. For further information, see the {removed href} Facebook Privacy Policy and information on protecting your personal privacy.


4. 1. 4. FACEBOOK LOOKALIKE AUDIENCES.


To optimize targeting and track the conversion of our Facebook campaigns, in compliance with Art. 6(1) a) of the GDPR, we use the option of developing Facebook lookalike audiences offered to us by Facebook. You can find more information about the Facebook Lookalike Audiences at: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


The data processing for advertising on the basis of behaviour and interests is recognized as in our legitimate interest under Recital 47 of the GDPR. If you belong to the Facebook Lookalike Audience, we send your email address and your devices ID to Facebook. You can OBJECT to this special data processing at any time by changing your Facebook settings at {removed href} {removed hyperref}/? tabads or simply inform us that you no longer want this processing in the future. Please use the contact options for our companys data privacy officer for this purpose.


4. 1. 5. PINTEREST TAG.


To set up, continuously improve, and track the conversion of our Pinterest campaigns as required, in compliance with Art. 6(1) f) of the GDPR, we use a Pinterest Tag, an individual code snippet, from Pinterest Inc., 635 High Street, Palo Alto, CA, USA, (hereinafter Pinterest), which is integrated in our website. This helps us ensure that the Pinterest ads we initiate are only displayed to Pinterest users who have shown interest in our Services. In this way we know that our Pinterest ads correspond to the potential interest of the respective users and not bothering them. It also allows us to track the actions of Pinterest users after they have viewed or clicked on one of our Pinterest ads. At the same time, it helps us track the conversion of the respective campaign for statistical, market-research and billing purposes. The following information is collected during its use:


{number list}.


{list item} Device information (e. g. type, brand).


{list item} Device operating system (e. g. iOS 11),


{list item} IP address of the device.


{list item} Date and time our Services are accessed.


{list item} Type of campaign and content.


{list item} Response to the respective campaign (e. g. clicking on a button).


Information collected in this way is anonymous to us and therefore does not provide us with any information about the identity of the respective user. Such processing for behavioural and interest-based advertising purposes is recognized as in our legitimate interest under Recital 47 of the GDPR. The data is stored in accordance with the legally established retention periods and then automatically deleted.


When you log in to your Pinterest account after visiting our website while logged on, Pinterest might store and process this information, which is why we would like to inform you about this. Pinterest can link this data with your Pinterest account and use it for its own advertising purposes. You can read more about Pinterests data policy at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. You can OBJECT to this special data processing at any time by disabling the relevant settings in your Pinterest account {removed hyperref} under Personalization or enabling the Do not track setting in your browser.


4. 1. 6. GOOGLE ANALYTICS.


For the custom design and continuous improvement of our Services, in compliance with Art. 6(1) f) of the GDPR, we use the web analytics service of Google Analytics of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (hereinafter Google). Using cookies, Google creates PSEUDONYMISED USER PROFILES. The information generated by the cookies for users includes:


{number list}.


{list item} Browser type/version.


{list item} Operating system.


{list item} Referrer URL (previously visited page).


{list item} Host name of the accessing computer (IP address).


{list item} Time of the server request.


This information is sent to a Google server in the U. S. and stored there. The information is used to evaluate the use of our Services, to compile reports on the activities, and to provide other related services for purposes of market research and customized design. This information may also be sent to third parties if required by law or if third parties process this data on behalf of Google. Under no circumstances will your IP address be merged with any other Google data. The IP addresses are anonymised so that ASSIGNMENT IS NOT POSSIBLE (IP masking).


You can PREVENT the installation of the cookies in advance by configuring your browser software accordingly or OBJECT to the continued processing of your data with the cookies by clicking on the opt-out link. Please note that if you disable cookies, it will not be possible to fully take advantage of all of the features of our Services. You can also prevent Google from collecting and processing the data generated by the cookies and related to your usage (including your IP address) by downloading and installing {removed href} this browser add-on. On mobile devices, we recommend using private mode. You can find more information on protecting your privacy in relation to Google Analytics on the {removed href} Google Analytics website.


4. 1. 7. GOOGLE TAG MANAGER.


We manage website tags (website code) with Google Tag Manager. These tags helps us manage and continuously improve our Services and reduce your loading time. Google Tag Manager only implements website code. Google Tag Manager itself does not generate cookies or collect any personal information. It merely integrates website code that we have stored elsewhere that may be used to collect data. It is therefore only used to facilitate the management of the respective code, but does not itself access the data processed by the code. In this privacy policy, we inform you about all tags that are integrated in this way. Consult the relevant Google pages for more information about Google Tag Manager and user guidelines.


4. 1. 8. STRIPE PAYMENT SERVICE.


For the fulfilment of the agreement and to process payments in particular, in compliance with Art. 6(1) a) and b) GDPR, we send your name and email address to our payment processor Stripe Payments Europe Ltd., Block 4, Harcourt Centre, Harcourt Road, Dublin 2, Ireland (hereinafter Stripe). By using Stripes library, the information entered during the ordering process (e. g. address, account number, bank code, credit card number, invoice amount, currency and transaction number) will not be processed by us but sent directly to Stripe by your browser. The information is used by Stripe exclusively for the implementation and realization of the payment process and is securely transmitted via SSL encryption. Stripe is certified by {removed href} PCI DSS. Stripe may transmit, process and store personal information outside of the EU. You can find detailed information on the Stripes privacy policy at this {removed href} Link.


4. 1. 9. LUCKY ORANGE.


We use Lucky Orange in order to better understand our users needs and to optimize this service and experience. Lucky Orange is a technology service that helps us better understand our users experience (e. g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and dont like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Lucky Orange uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users behavior and their devices (in particular devices IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). Neither Lucky Orange nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, please see Hotjars privacy policy by clicking on this {removed href} link.


You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjars storing of data about your usage of our site and Lucky Oranges use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out {removed href} link.


4. 1. 10 SMSBUMP.


We use SMSBump to provide an alert when a customer abandons their cart before checking out. Neither SMSBump nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. SMSBump solely collects:


{number list}.


{list item} Name.


{list item} Phone Number.


{list item} Message Delivery Status.


{list item} Link Interactions.


If you would like to view SMSBumps Privacy Policy, please click the following {removed href} link. If you would like to opt-out of receiving any SMS Messaging, we provide a way to unsubscribe on every text message pushed. If you have any additional questions, please contact {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


4. 2. MOBILE APP.


4. 2. 1. APPLE HEALTH KIT UND GOOGLE FIT.


To improve fitness tracking and health management, you have the option of transmitting the data collected by our Services via the interface provided by the respective providers into the Apple Health Kit or the Google Fit app. This only happens if you explicitly agree to the process via your device settings. If you consent to this transfer, we store the following personal data on our servers:


{number list}.


{list item} Start time of the steps taken.


{list item} Distance in meters of the steps taken.


{list item} Number of steps taken.


We have no control over nor are we aware of how the health information is used in the Apple HealthKit or the Google Fit app. You can OBJECT to the processing of this data anytime by disabling the feature in your device settings. Before enabling the respective feature, we recommend reading the privacy policy of {removed href} Apple or {removed href} Google.


5. RECIPIENTS OUTSIDE THE EU.


As indicated above under 3. 4 and 3. 5, data may also be sent to recipients located outside the European Union or the European Economic Area. This applies in particular to the aforementioned processing of analysis and/or targeting technologies, which can result in data transmission to the servers of the service providers. Other recipients may be affiliated service providers that we need in order to provide our services, e. g. hosts, CRM tools, analytical service providers. These servers may be outside the EU, especially in the US. We make absolutely sure that these service providers guarantee data protection standards equivalent to those of the GDPR and that they comply with the applicable directives. In case number {removed href} C(2016) 4176), the European Commission established the suitability of this data protection level for certification in compliance with Art. 45 of the GDPR. The use of these certified service providers thus meets European standards for lawful data processing. In addition, we have obtained suitable contractual guarantees from all service providers based in other EU countries that they are in compliance with these EU standards and protect the rights of affected persons, for example by using the {removed href} standard contractual clauses of the European Commission.


6. YOUR RIGHTS.


6. 1. OVERVIEW.


In addition to the right at any time to WITHDRAW any consent you have given us, you are also entitled to the following if the respective legal conditions are met:


{number list}.


{list item} The right to be informed about your personal data that is stored with us, pursuant to Art. 15 of the GDPR.


{list item} In the event of transmissions covered by Art. 46, 47 or 49(1) 2) of the GDPR, the right to information, or references to suitable or appropriate guarantees that a copy of them can be obtained, or where they are available.


{list item} The right to correct inaccurate or incomplete data, pursuant to Art. 16 of the GDPR.


{list item} The right to the deletion of your personal information that is stored with us, pursuant to Art. 17 GDPR.


{list item} The right to limit the processing of your data, pursuant to Art. 18 of the GDPR.


{list item} The right to data portability, pursuant to Art. 20 of the GDPR.


6. 2. RIGHT TO OBJECT.


UNDER THE PROVISIONS OF ART. 21(1) GDPR, THE DATA SUBJECT HAS THE RIGHT TO OBJECT, ON GROUNDS RELATING TO HIS OR HER PARTICULAR SITUATION, AT ANY TIME TO THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA.


The foregoing GENERAL RIGHT TO OBJECT applies to all processing purposes described in this Privacy Policy that are based on Article 6(1) f) GDPR. Unlike the special right to object to data processing for commercial purposes (see above under Section 3. 3), we are only obliged to implement such a general objection under the GDPR if you state reasons of overriding importance (e. g. a potential risk to life or health). Furthermore, you may contact the supervisory authority responsible for us, which is the Berlin Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information (Berliner Beauftragten fr Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit), Friedrichstrae 219, 10969 Berlin.


7. DATA SECURITY.


We apply the highest standards to data security for our infrastructure and the processing of your data. For example, we use protection mechanisms for computers such as firewalls and data encryption. Our buildings and data are subject to physical access controls. Access to the personal information of our customers is only possible for those employees who need them to carry out their activities.


All personal data sent by you, including your payment information, is also transmitted using the generally accepted and secure SSL (Secure Socket Layer) standard. SSL is a secure and proven standard, e. g. it is also used for online banking. You will recognize a secure SSL connection with the placement of an s at the end of http (i. e. https: //...) in the address bar of your browser, or with the lock icon at the bottom of the browser.


We also apply suitable technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data stored with us against manipulation, partial or complete loss, and against unauthorized access by third parties. Our security measures are continuously monitored using the latest technology, and regularly adapted to the relevant risk, and improved if necessary.


In the event that personal data is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will promptly notify those persons whose personal data has been compromised, in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise required by applicable law.


8. CHILDRENS PRIVACY.


Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to register. If you are under 16, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 16 is allowed to provide any personal information to or on the Services. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at {removed hyperref}.


9. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY.


If we change our Privacy Policy and procedures, we will post those changes on our website to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on our website.


This Privacy Policy was last modified on November 4th 2019.


