


{removed href} Skip to content LAST UPDATED: MAR 16, 2021 Wellue Health (Wellue, we, us or our) takes the privacy and the security of its users data (like you) very seriously. This Privacy Policy explains how we process your personal data when you use our products and services. In addition, the following applies to your use of {removed href} {removed hyperref} Products and Services (Product(s) and Service(s)) The products and services are composed of various software applications (including mobile applications, web Applications, PC software), and products that gather, store and process data to provide you insights and services to help you lead a healthier life. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND WHEN? When you are using {removed href} {removed hyperref} Products and Services, we may need to collect data to provide you the Service as described in the {removed hyperref} Privacy Policy. As transparency and easy access are key factors for us, we have created this list of pictograms so that you can easily identify what Personal data is processed in the following scenarios. OUR ORDER FORM ASKS CUSTOMERS TO ENTER SENSITIVE INFORMATION (SUCH AS CREDIT CARD NUMBER). THAT INFORMATION IS PROTECTED BY 128-BIT ENCRYPTION VIA SSL (SECURE SOCKETS LAYER). IDENTITY DATA MEANS THE DATA WHICH CAN DIRECTLY IDENTIFY YOU. THEY INCLUDE, AMONG OTHERS, YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS, BIRTH DATE, NAME, SURNAME, PHONE NUMBER, DELIVERY ADDRESS, IP ADDRESS, VIDEOS AND PICTURES OF YOU. Activity data means data which correspond to a measurement of your physical/sports activities. They include, among others and depending on your Product, your number of steps, number of calories burned, type of activity, activity session time, sleep time. Body metrics data means data which correspond to an accurate measurement of your physical features and your body activity. They include, among others and depending on your Product, your weight, fat, heart rate, SpO2, breathing rate, blood pressure, body temperature. Cookies technical features mean data, not directly identifying you, which allows you to use our Products and Services and allow us to improve your personal experience. They are, among others, your Wi-Fi network, technical logs, date of Product activation, battery measurement, manufacturing ID, debug technical {removed hyperref} using our website, you (the visitor) agree to allow third parties to process your IP address, in order to determine your location for the purpose of currency conversion. You also agree to have that currency stored in a session cookie in your browser (a temporary cookie which gets automatically removed when you close your browser). We do this in order for the selected currency to remain selected and consistent when browsing our website so that the prices can convert to your (the visitor) local currency. When you use our applications, certain Personal data are communicated to applications when you download, install, and use features of the application and the web application. This is the case when you sync information to {removed hyperref} you contact our customer support, we may need your personal data to help you solve the problems. LEPU CARE APP Lepu Care may require personal permissions to your advice, such as getting SMS information and phone status, while we only can access them under your allowance. The main purpose of this is to display data on the smartwatch and hang up the phone service through the watch. There is no other malicious intent and no violation of our user data policy on personal and sensitive information. We strictly follow the associated rule of personal information protection and privacy rights. WHY DO WE PROCESS PERSONAL DATA? {removed href} {removed hyperref} may process your personal data for the following purposes. One or more purposes may apply {removed hyperref} communication: we may use your email to communicate with you, for example to inform you that our services have {removed hyperref} may contact you to inform you of new products, services or promotions we may offer and to conduct market research when we have your consent or it is otherwise allowed. We may use your personal data to personalize our offering and to provide you with more relevant services, for example, to make recommendations and to display customized content and advertising in our services. HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA? WE UNDERTAKE NOT TO SELL YOUR PERSONAL DATA OR USE IT FOR MARKETING, ADVERTISING AND MAKING RECOMMENDATIONS WITHOUT YOUR PRIOR CONSENT. AT {REMOVED HREF} {removed hyperref}, PROTECTING THE PRIVACY OF OUR USERS IS OF UTMOST IMPORTANCE. We firmly believe that data can serve the collective interest when de-identified and that the insights provided by our Products and Services may allow you to make informed choices and sustainable {removed hyperref} data you have generated and collected through {removed href} {removed hyperref} Products and Services is processed by {removed href} {removed hyperref} as described in {removed hyperref} Privacy Policy and for the following specific purposes. One or more purposes may apply simultaneously: Communicating with youWhen you contact our customer support department to resolve a problem that you have reported, our team members may be required to process your Personal data to help you. DO WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA? We do not sell, lease, rent or otherwise disclose your personal data to third parties. WHERE ARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA KEPT? Unless otherwise required by your local laws, your Personal data is stored within United States and are subject to regulations that guarantee a high level of protection for your Personal data. WHO IS THE CONTROLLER OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA? Shenzhen Viatom Technology Co., Ltd. is the controller of your Personal {removed hyperref} matters pertaining to Viatoms privacy practices you may want to contact us through our customer support department at: Email: support {removed href} {removed hyperref} Addtional Privacy PolicyIf you purchased more additional services in applications, there will be more policy in the applications. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY {removed href} {removed hyperref} may from time to time change this Policy or modify, withdraw access to this site at any time with or without notice. However, if this Policy is changed in a material, adverse way, {removed href} {removed hyperref} will post a notice advising of such change at the beginning of this Policy and on this sites home page for 30 days. We recommend that you re-visit this Policy from time to time to learn of any such changes to this Policy. GDPR By using our website, you (the visitor) agree to allow third parties to process your IP address, in order to determine your location for the purpose of currency conversion. You also agree to have that currency stored in a session cookie in your browser (a temporary cookie which gets automatically removed when you close your browser). We do this in order for the selected currency to remain selected and consistent when browsing our website so that the prices can convert to your (the visitor) local currency.


Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device.


