


{removed href} Skip to content.


PRIVACY POLICY.


WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?


{number list}.


{list item} We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.


{list item} When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.


{list item} We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.


{list item} Like many websites, we use cookies to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the Do we use cookies? section below for information about cookies and how we use them.


HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?


We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:


{number list}.


{list item} To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.


{list item} To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.


{list item} To quickly process your transactions.


{list item} To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.


{list item} If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us? section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and members-only content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.


HOW DO WE PROTECT VISITOR INFORMATION?


We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.


DO WE USE COOKIES?


Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.


We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.


You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you wont have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.


DO WE DISCLOSE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?


We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term outside parties does not include Grey Ghost Gear. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.


However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.


HOW CAN YOU OPT-OUT, REMOVE OR MODIFY INFORMATION YOU HAVE PROVIDED TO US?


To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the My Account section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.


To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the My Account section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.


THIRD PARTY LINKS.


In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).


YOUR DATA RIGHTS AS A GREY GHOST GEAR CUSTOMER.


As a Grey Ghost customer have a right to inspect the personal data concerning yourself, which is stored in your account, and a right to require updates and/or deletion of your data, provided that the request has a legal basis. You also have a right to withdraw or change your consent to receive marketing information and other correspondence.


As a Grey Ghost customer, you have a right, according to EUs General Data Protection Regulation (applied May 25, 2018) to object processing or request restricting the processing and lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for processing personal data.


For specific personal reasons, you also have the right to object to profiling and other processing operations, when the processing of your data is based on our customer relationship with you. In connection with your request, you will need to identify the specific situation, based on which you object to the processing. We can refuse the request of objection only on legal grounds.


You have the right to object to processing at any time free of charge, including profiling in so far as it relates to direct marketing.


CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:


{number list}.


{list item} whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.


{list item} if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at {removed hyperref}.


We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.


You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held about you as a customer, please write to Grey Ghost Gear 2916 107th St. S Lakewood, WA 98499.


If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.


CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY.


Should we make amendments to this privacy policy we will place the amended statement on our website, with an indication of the amendment date. If the amendments are significant, we may also inform you about this by other means, for example by sending an email or placing an alert on our homepage. We recommend that you regularly visit our site and notice possible amendments to this privacy policy. review these privacy protection principles from time to time to ensure you are aware of any amendments made.


QUESTIONS AND FEEDBACK.


We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.


ONLINE POLICY ONLY.


This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.


TERMS AND CONDITIONS.


Please also visit our {removed href} Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.


YOUR CONSENT.


By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy. BACK ORDER.


