


{removed href} {removed hyperref} {removed href} {removed hyperref} {removed href}.


{bullet list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} Privacy Policy.


PRIVACY POLICY EFFECTIVE DATE: 04/16/2020.


The Hillman Group, Inc. and its affiliated companies (The Hillman Group) values and respects the privacy of its customers and visitors. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to provide you with information about how The Hillman Group collects, uses, and shares the information we collect from our customers and visitors. It also describes the choices you can make about our use of your information. Our collection efforts are designed to improve the shopping experience of our customers and to provide customers relevant information about our products, services, and promotions. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.


ABOUT THIS POLICY.


This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of The Hillman Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates, brands and other The Hillman Group companies (The Hillman Group, our, or we). It applies to our interactions with our customers and visitors, including, but not limited to:


Use of our websites, including mobile websites.


Use of our key duplication and engraving kiosks.


Use of our applications for mobile phones, tablets or other smart devices.


Phone and email communications.


Social media interactions on our websites and other third-party websites like Facebook, YouTube and Twitter.


Viewing our online advertisements or emails.


This policy does not apply to third-party websites accessible through our websites.


THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW IT IS USED.


We collect and store information, including Personal Information, that you choose to submit to us by entering it into the online services, providing it to a Customer Care representative, or providing it to us in some other manner governed by this Privacy Policy. For example, information will be collected when you place an order, when you sign up to receive emails, newsletters or other promotional communications, when you apply for employment with The Hillman Group, when you contact us with online inquiries, and/or when you otherwise voluntarily submit or provide information to us.


The information that you may provide to us includes, but is not limited to: names, billing addresses, shipping addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, credit card numbers, expiration dates and security codes, information regarding orders, birth month and demographic information. You can choose not to submit this information to us, but you may not be able to complete transactions unless you provide the required information. The Hillman Group does not retain credit card information (e. g. credit card number, expiration date or security codes).


If you request product information or submit a {removed href} Contact form, we may save your email address as well as any other information you may provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, email, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your email and other information you provide will not be sold to any third party.


This information is used for the purpose for which it was collected. For example, the information is used to process, track, ship orders, to send order and shipping confirmations, to manage billing and payment processes, to provide emails, newsletters, and other communications you have requested, to process employment applications, and to provide customer service.


When using our key duplication and engraving kiosks, we may ask you to provide personally identifiable information, which is information that identifies you as a specific identified individual, such as your name, address, phone number, or email address (collectively, Personal Information), and payment information. For example, this personal information may be collected from you in order to provide you with an email receipt following a purchase transaction and to provide you with promotional offers or information.


SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.


Occasionally, with your permission, we will send marketing information to you, such as discount offers, information about new product offerings, etc. However, if you do not elect to receive such materials, we will not send them to you. If you initially elect to receive such materials, but later change your mind, you may opt out from receiving such materials in the future by using our {removed href} Contact form to contact us or by unsubscribing to our marketing emails.


Companies may from time to time be engaged by The Hillman Group to perform a variety of functions, such as fulfilling orders, assisting with promotions, providing technical services for our web site, etc. These companies may have access to personal information if needed to perform such functions. However, these companies may only use such personal information for the purpose of performing that function and may not use it for any other purpose.


The Hillman Group does not sell, transfer or disclose personal information to third parties. However, we may on occasion send marketing information on behalf of one of our business partners about products or services they provide that may be of interest to you. The Hillman Group will not share your personal information with such partners but rather will send a mailing or email on behalf of those partners. The Hillman Group reserves the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the site, to fulfill your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a matter of public safety.


LEGALLY COMPELLED DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION.


The Hillman Group may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.


INFORMATION COLLECTED BY OTHERS.


This notice addresses only the policy of The Hillman Groups website and not sites that users access via links from our website. The Hillman Group is not responsible for the information collection policies of other sites, nor for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor for the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.


COOKIES AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGY.


To help you personalize your online experience, The Hillman Group uses cookies. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that Hillman transfers to your hard drive through your browser to enable our system to recognize you and to provide features such as remember me. The Hillman Group also uses cookies to anonymously define new visitors, help analyze click-stream data, and track historical activity on the web site such as response to campaigns. We also use third-party web analytics services in our online services, such as those of Google Analytics, to help us analyze how users use our online services.


A cookie is a small file that stores visitors internet settings. Almost every website you visit uses cookie technology. They are downloaded by your browser on the first visit to a website. The next time this website is opened with the same user device, the cookie and the information stored in it is either sent back to the website that created it (first-party cookie) or sent to another website it belongs to (third-party cookie). This enables the website to detect that you have opened it previously with this browser and in some cases to vary the displayed content.


Some cookies are extremely useful, as they can improve the user experience on opening a website that you have already visited multiple times. Provided you use the same user device and the same browser as before, cookies remember for example your preferences, how you use a site, and adapt the displayed offerings to be more relevant to your personal interest and needs. Depending on their function and intended purpose, cookies can be divided into four categories*: Necessary or Essential cookies, Performance cookies, Functional cookies and Analytical cookies for marketing purposes.


Most browsers accept cookies by default but allow you to block or delete them. Visitors can decline cookies and can withdraw consent at any time by modifying the settings of your browser to reject or disable cookies. However, necessary and functional cookies cannot be disabled.


To learn more about cookies and how to disable them, please consult the Help feature of your browser or your devices user guide. If you wish to limit the use of cookies, you will not be able to use all the interactive functions of our website.


The following cookies are used by our current webpage: Cookie Description Duration Type JSESSIONID Used by sites written in JSP. General purpose platform session cookies that are used to maintain users state across page requests. Session Necessary utma This cookie is set by Google Analytics and is used to distinguish users and sessions. The cookie is created when the JavaScript library executes and there are no existing utma cookies. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. 2 years Performance utmb This cookie is set by Google Analytics and is used to determine new sessions/visits. The cookie is created when the JavaScript library executes and there are no existing utma cookies. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. 30 minutes Performance utmc This cookie is set by Google Analytics and is deleted when the user closes the browser. The cookie is not used by {removed hyperref} The cookie is used to enable interoperability with {removed hyperref} which is an older version of Google Analytics and used in conjunction with the utmb cookie to determine new sessions/visits. Session Performance utmt This cookie is set by Google Analytics and is used to throttle request rates. 10 minutes Performance utmz This cookie is set by Google Analytics and is used to store the traffic source or campaign through which the visitor reached your site. 5 months Performance ga This cookie is installed by Google Analytics and is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the sites analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors. 2 years Analytics gid This cookie is installed by Google Analytics and is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of the website is doing. The data collected including the number of visitors, the source where they have come from and the pages visited in an anonymous form. 1 day Analytics gatUA-nnnnnnnn-nn This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It appears to be a variation of the gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites. 1 minute Performance LPVisitorID This cookie name is associated with software from LIvePerson, which enables website owners to add online chat functionality to communicate directly with visitors. 1 year Functionality LPVID This cookie name is associated with software from LIvePerson, which enables website owners to add online chat functionality to communicate directly with visitors. 2 years Functionality.


HOW WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE.


We use various security measures to protect Personal Information that we collect. However, we cannot guarantee that your Personal Information will be secure from disclosure or misuse, either by accident or by unauthorized intrusion or breach.


UPDATING, CORRECTING, AND DELETING PERSONAL INFORMATION.


You are in control of any personal information you provide to us. If at any time you would like to correct the personal information we have about you or if you would like to change your preferences for contacts from us or on behalf of our business partners, you can let us know by using our {removed href} Contact form to contact us.


If you no longer want to receive marketing emails from us, you may choose to unsubscribe at any time. You can also set your email options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain tracking technologies. To control your email preferences, you can stop receiving promotional email communications from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided in such communications. We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests. You may not opt out of service-related communications (e. g., account verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices).


In order to review any personal information we have about you or to ask us to delete that information or to stop further use of the information, please use our {removed href} Contact form and put remove personal information in the comment section.


YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.


The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) establishes that California residents may request The Hillman Group, Inc. (and its affiliated companies) to provide information regarding the personal information that we have collected about them, to delete certain personal information, and to stop certain data sharing practices, which the law defines as sales, even if no money is exchanged. You may exercise your right to delete certain information or to opt out of sale of your information at any time. Presently, The Hillman Group Inc. (and its affiliated companies) does not engage in the selling or transfer of consumer related data to third parties. You may request to know about the personal information The Hillman Group Inc. has collected about you twice in any twelve-month period.


Please use one of the following channels to exercise those rights:


REMOVE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION.


Option 1: Access the Exercise My Privacy Rights ({removed hyperref}) page.


Option 2: Call the toll-free number: 844-842-6695.


All valid requests will be answered within 45 calendar days.


PERIODIC POLICY CHANGES.


Please note that The Hillman Group reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i. e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change at any time without prior notice. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.


This policy statement is made in the name of The Hillman Group. This statement does not create an agreement between The Hillman Group and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party. If you choose to visit our website, your visit and any dispute over privacy are subject to this privacy policy and the laws of the State of Ohio.


CONTACT US.


Please visit our {removed href} Contact page for information and on-line support.


