


Privacy Policy.


This privacy policy describes how Hisense collects, uses and otherwise handles personal information. By personal information, we mean information about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable, whether the information is true or not and whether the information is recorded in a material form or not. This may include but is not limited to information such as the name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and any information about activities (online or otherwise) that is directly linked to the individual.


How and Why Hisense Collects Your Information.


At certain times we will request personal information from you in order to complete online registration forms, to provide you with products or services or information, to enter you into a competition, promotion or offer, or when giving comments or feedback on our websites. We will usually ask for limited personal information necessary to ensure we are able to conduct the relevant activity, provide a product/service or information or complete your request and respond accordingly. Any information collected will only be used for the purposes specified, unless otherwise mentioned or otherwise authorised or required by law.


Information will usually be collected via websites, email, mail, phone, fax and in person, directly from you. In some limited circumstances and as permitted by law, we may also receive selected personal information about you from third parties.


As you navigate through our websites and interact with us via any other means, we may need to collect personal identifying information from you in order to provide you with services tailored to your needs.


{number list}.


{list item} Unless you consent, Hisense will not disclose any personal information collected from your activities on any Hisense online service or otherwise, except to Hisense related companies, service providers, agents, retailers and marketing partners, or as otherwise authorised or required by law.


{list item} When Hisense uses third parties, such as contractors or companies to perform services on Hisenses behalf, or provides your information to Hisense retailers or marketing partners, we will use reasonable commercial efforts to ensure that the company protects your personal information in a manner consistent with this privacy policy.


Some of the Hisense related entities and/or service providers we transfer personal information to may be located outside of Middle East. Where we transfer personal information to entities/service providers in a foreign country, we will only do so if we reasonably believe that either: (a) there are comparable privacy laws in that country; (b) we have obtained the individuals consent; (c) it is not practical to obtain consent or if the transfer were for the benefit of the individual and the individual would have consented to the transfer; or (d) we have taken reasonable steps to ensure the recipient in the foreign country treats the personal information in a manner consistent with this privacy policy and the Middle East Privacy Principles. By providing your personal information and agreeing to this privacy policy, you expressly consent to Hisense, and our related entities, affiliates and *service providers processing your personal information in any jurisdiction, including, but not limited to, Middle East and China, in accordance with this privacy policy. The list of countries listed herein may change from time to time depending on our service providers and the nature of our business. We will endeavour to update this list on a periodic basis, if needed.


Hisense will collect and use your information only for specific purposes. Hisense may collect and use personal information for any of the following purposes:


{number list}.


{list item} to provide you with products and services;


{list item} to create and inform you of products and services that better meet your needs;


{list item} to notify you of announcements, upcoming promotions and events;


{list item} to enter you into competitions, promotions and offers;


{list item} for promotional, marketing, publicity, research and profiling purposes;


{list item} for billing purposes;


{list item} for warranty and service purposes;


{list item} to anticipate and/or resolve problems with your products or service;


{list item} to provide referrals to our retailers and marketing partners for further follow-up for services or products that we think may be of interest to you;


{list item} to conduct business with you; and.


{list item} for any other purposes to which you have consented or which are otherwise authorised or required by law.


You may tell us how you would like to be contacted in connection with information you provided to us, via our online services. If you notify us that you do not want to receive any marketing information, we:


{number list}.


{list item} will not contact you directly with marketing messages in connection with Hisense online services; and.


{list item} will not disclose your information to others for marketing purposes.


To indicate that you do not wish to receive these types of communications from Hisense, Hisense retailers or our marketing partners, you can opt out by following the directions provided in any Hisense marketing or promotional material.


If you notify Hisense that you do not want us to use any of your information in the ways described in this policy, we will honor your request (unless otherwise required by law). However, if you then later provide additional personal information to any of our websites or otherwise respond to one of Hisenses online inquiries, we will assume that you have changed your preference with respect to Hisenses use of your information, and Hisense may contact you as described herein. You may at any time follow the procedure described above to elect not to be contacted by Hisense for direct marketing. Please also keep in mind that, you may not be able to access certain services/products or activities if you do not provide or decide you do not want us to use your personal information in the required manner.


{removed href} Contact.


{removed href} Privacy Policy {removed href} Terms of Use 2021.


HISENSE, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.


DESIGN BY {REMOVED HREF} E8 {removed href}.


Contact.


I want to contact.


My Information.


First Name.


Family Name.


Country.


Select CountryUnited Arab EmiratesBahrainKuwaitOmanQatarSaudi ArabiaLebanonMorocco.


City.


Email.


Phone Number.


Product Interested in:


I have a service question about my:


TelevisionsRefrigeratorsAir Conditioners.


Model Number.


Serial Number.


Message.


How can we help?


Have a general inquiry? Hisense Middle East {removed href} {removed hyperref} Need Customer Support? Hisense Middle East.


Phone: {removed href} UAE-800 HISENSE (447 3673).


{removed href} {removed hyperref} Media Questions? Hisense Middle East {removed href} {removed hyperref} {removed href}.


