


{removed href}.


WEEKEND SALE: 5 OFF Every Order with Coupon WS-5P.


{removed href} Apply Coupon Shop! {removed href}.


DEAL OF THE DAY 15 OFF Z-Wave Motion Sensor.


{removed href} Shop HS-MS100 {removed href}.


30 OFF New Smart Home Hub.


{removed href} Show HomeTroller Plus! {removed href} Skip to content.


HomeSeer Privacy Policy.


This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their Personally Identifiable Information (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.


WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT FROM THE PEOPLE THAT VISIT OUR ONLINE STORE, MESSAGE BOARD, WEBSITE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES? When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience. Our products and services also gather additional information including LAN and WAN IP addresses, systems names, hardware versions, time zones and software license IDs.


WHEN DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION? We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, open a support ticket or enter information on our site. We also collect information when you provide us with feedback on our products or services. Our products and services collect information when you activate, register and use them. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?


We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:


{number list}.


{list item} To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.


{list item} To improve our website in order to better serve you.


{list item} To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.


{list item} To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.


{list item} To quickly process your transactions.


{list item} To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products.


{list item} To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries).


HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION? Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.


DO WE USE COOKIES? Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.


WE USE COOKIES TO:


{number list}.


{list item} Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.


{list item} Understand and save users preferences for future visits.


{list item} Keep track of advertisements.


{list item} Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.


You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browsers Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.


THIRD-PARTY DISCLOSURE We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property or safety.


However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.


THIRD-PARTY LINKS Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.


GOOGLE Googles advertising requirements can be summed up by Googles Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. {removed href} {removed hyperref}? hlen.


WE USE GOOGLE ADSENSE ADVERTISING ON OUR WEBSITE.


Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Googles use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.


WE HAVE IMPLEMENTED THE FOLLOWING:


{number list}.


{list item} Remarketing with Google AdSense.


{list item} Google Display Network Impression Reporting.


{list item} Demographics and Interests Reporting.


We, along with third-party vendors such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.


OPTING OUT:


Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.


CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The laws reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. See more at: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.{removed hyperref}.


ACCORDING TO CALOPPA, WE AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING: Users can visit our site anonymously.


Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.


Our Privacy Policy link includes the word Privacy and can easily be found on the page specified above.


YOU WILL BE NOTIFIED OF ANY PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES:


{number list}.


{list item} On our Privacy Policy Page.


YOU CAN CHANGE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION:


{number list}.


{list item} By emailing us.


{list item} By calling us.


{list item} By logging in to your account.


{list item} By chatting with us or by sending us a support ticket.


DOES OUR SITE ALLOW THIRD-PARTY BEHAVIORAL TRACKING?


Its also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking.


COPPA (CHILDREN ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT) When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect childrens privacy and safety online. We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.


FAIR INFORMATION PRACTICES The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.


IN ORDER TO BE IN LINE WITH FAIR INFORMATION PRACTICES WE WILL TAKE THE FOLLOWING RESPONSIVE ACTION, SHOULD A DATA BREACH OCCUR:


{number list}.


{list item} We will notify the users via email as soon as possible.


{list item} We will notify the users via in-site notificationas soon as possible.


We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.


CAN SPAM ACT The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.


WE COLLECT YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS IN ORDER TO:


{number list}.


{list item} Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.


{list item} Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.


{list item} Send you additional information related to your product and/or service.


{list item} Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.


TO BE IN ACCORDANCE WITH CANSPAM, WE AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING:


{number list}.


{list item} Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.


{list item} Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.


{list item} Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.


{list item} Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.


{list item} Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.


{list item} Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.


If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, just follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence. If no unsubscribe instructions are available, just contact us directly. CONTACTING US If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below. HOMESEER 10 Commerce Park N, Suite 10.


Bedford, NH 03110.


United States.


{removed href} {removed hyperref}.


603-471-2816.


Last update: June 12, 2018 {removed href}.


FREE (US) Shipping for Rates Up To 15.


{removed href} Apply FREESHIP15 Coupon.


