


{removed href} Skip to content.


{removed hyperref} is committed to protecting the security and privacy of your personal information since we are keenly aware of the trust you place in us. Therefore, we conduct our business in compliance with all applicable laws concerning data security and privacy. The Privacy Policy (Policy) outlined below is created to inform you as to what information we collect from visitors/users/customers and how we treat this information to improve your experience. Please read it carefully.


This Policy may be changed at any time without prior notice to any visitors/users/customers. So please check this policy periodically for any changes. BY USING THIS SITE, YOU APPROVE AND AGREE TO THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN OUR POLICY.


If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us:


Tel: 1-855-816-7705 Email: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Contents.


Whats the purpose of collecting personal information?


The information you provide to us will be used to respond to inquiries, notify you of promotions and announcements if you have previously provided your permission, or to supply you with requested information on products and service.


{number list}.


{list item} We use your collected information to improve our website content, product offerings and service specifically for you.


{list item} We use your collected information to service your account with us, including but not limited to investigating problems, resolving disputes and enforcing agreements with us. {removed hyperref} does not sell your information to third parties, unless stated at the time of collection.


What personal information does {removed hyperref} gather?


The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at {removed hyperref}. Here are the types of information we gather:


{number list}.


{list item} INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE:


We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other ways so as to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of our service. For example, (a) you provide information when you search for a product; (b) place an order through {removed hyperref}; (c) provide information in Your Account (and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address when shopping with us) or Your Profile; (d) communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise; (e) complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form; (f) compile Wish Lists or other gift registries; (g) participate in Discussion Boards or other community features; (h) provide and write reviews; (i) and employ other Personal Notification Services, such as Available to Order Notifications.


As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers; credit card information; people to whom purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone number; people (with addresses and phone numbers); e-mail addresses; content of reviews and e-mails to us; personal description and photograph in Your Profile; drivers license numbers, etc. For certain services, we may give you the opportunity to opt out of combining such information. If you have previously submitted this information and would like to remove it, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}, we will make all reasonable attempts to delete your information from our files.


{number list}.


{list item} AUTOMATIC INFORMATION:


We receive and store certain types of information that is not personally identifiable whenever you interact with us. For instance, we use cookies, like many other website, and we may document the type of computer operating system you are using or type the internet browser you are operating.


Other examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform; purchase history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features such as Purchase Circles and Top Sellers; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) click stream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for; and the phone number you used to call our 800 number. We may also use browser data such as cookies, Flash cookies (also known as Flash Local Shared Objects), or similar data on certain parts of our Web site for fraud prevention and other purposes.


During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including (a) page response times, (b) download errors, (c) length of visits to certain pages, (d) page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), (e) methods used to browse away from the page.


We also will not sell your non-personal information to third parties, unless stated at the time of collection. We may share this non-personal information with our business partners.


{number list}.


{list item} INFORMATION FROM OTHER SOURCES:


We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. For example, to help us make emails more useful and interesting, we often receive a conformation when you open email from us if your computers supports such capabilities. We also compare our customer list to list received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers. If you do not want to receive emails from us, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Other examples of the sources we receive information include (a) updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily;(b) account information, purchase or redemption information, and page view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded business or for which we provide technical, fulfillment, advertising, or other services; (c) search term and search result information from some searches conducted through the web search features offered by our subsidiaries; (d) search results and links, such as paid listing; (e) credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers.


What about Cookies?


We use cookies (small files places on your hard drive, which contain a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website) on certain of our pages to (a) help analyze our page flow; (b) customize our services, content and advertising; (c) measure promotional effectiveness; (d) promote trust and safety; (e) store user preferences and other information; (f) store items in your shopping cart between visits.


The help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-ons settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of {removed hyperref} essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any {removed hyperref} products and services that require you to Sign in.


The following are a few important things you should know about cookies:


{number list}.


{list item} We offer certain features that are available only through the use of cookies.


{list item} We use cookies to help identify you and maintain your signed-in status.


{list item} Most cookies are session cookies, meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session.


{list item} You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although doing so may interfere with your use of some of our sites or services.


{list item} You may encounter cookies from third parties on certain pages of the sites that we do not control. (For example, if you view a web page created by another user, there may be a cookie placed by that web page.).


Does {removed hyperref} share the information it collects?


Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we will never sell your information to third parties, unless stated at the time of collection. We only shares personal information with other companies or individuals outside of {removed hyperref} in the following limited circumstances:


{number list}.


{list item} We have your consent. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.


{list item} We provide such information to our affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.


{list item} We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of {removed hyperref}, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.


{list item} We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Such as fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, provide search results and links (including paid links), processing credit card payment, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for any other purpose.


{list item} We release account and other personal information when we believe that release is appropriate to comply with the law; protect the rights, property, or safety of {removed hyperref}, our users or others. This including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not mean to sell, rent, share or disclose personal identifiable information from customers for commercial purpose in violation of commitments set forth in this Policy.


{list item} If {removed hyperref} becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will ensure the confidentiality of any personal information involved in such transactions and provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.


How secure is my information.


Your information is stored on our servers and we treat data as an asset that must be protected and use lots of tools (encryption, passwords, physical security, etc.) to protect your personal information against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data.


However, as you probably know, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, and other users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the site. Therefore, although we work very hard to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.


We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.


It is also restricted for our contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it on our behalf to access to personal information. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.


Besides, it is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.


Generally, you are automatically asked to log into your {removed hyperref} account when you need to access account or order information to review or change something. If you have trouble logging in, here are some things to check:


{number list}.


{list item} Incorrect email address: make sure your email address is in the following format: {removed hyperref} (or. net,. org, etc.). If you have more than one email address, be sure that youre using the correct email address and password combination for the account you are trying to access. Also, if your computer is set to auto-complete the email, make sure its the correct email address listed.


{list item} Incorrect password: if youre sure youre using the correct email address, try to reset your password.


{list item} If you are using a public terminal, do not forget to log off, or sign out before you leave the computer. You can click the Sign out link at any time to exit your {removed hyperref} account to protect the secure of your information. And if you are not signed into the account, the Sign out link will not be available.


{list item} After you sign out, your name will be removed from the home page, and your ordering settings will be inaccessible to anyone using the same computer after you. We recommend that you sign out only when you feel that you must. If we cant identify you, it will be difficult for us to identify items that might be of interest to you.


{list item} Youll need to sign in again if you want to regain access to the items saved in your Shopping Cart, to place orders, or to view your recommendations.


What about links to other websites?


Since our site includes third-party advertising and links to other websites, we promise not to disclose any personally identifiable customer information to these advertisers or third-party websites.


These third-party websites and advertisers, or Internet advertising companies working on their behalf, sometimes use technology to send (or serve) the advertisements that appear on our website directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features that they may use, and the information practices of these advertisers and third-party websites are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices.


What choices do I have?


As what have discussed above, you can always choose to control the information stored in your {removed hyperref} account or choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of {removed hyperref} functions.


You can add or update certain information on pages and when you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records. In addition, if you do not want to receive email from us, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} at any time. (If you do not want to receive legal notices from us, such as changes of Privacy Policy, those notices will still govern your use of {removed hyperref}, and it is your responsibility to review them for changes.).


If you do not want us to use personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalize advertisements we display to you, please call us at 1-855-816-7705 or email to {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-ons settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of essential features of our website, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, etc.


What about the California Privacy Rights?


(For California residents) As what section 1798. 83 of the California Civil Code required, businesses have to disclose policies relating to the sharing of certain categories of your Personal Information with third parties. If you reside in California and have provided your personal information to {removed hyperref}, you may request information about our disclosures of personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. Such kind of requests can be submitted by email at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


After receiving such a request, we will provide the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for third-party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of those third parties. This request may be made no more than once per calendar year. We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the address specified in this section.


We may utilize your personal information outside of necessary limits in the following circumstances:


{number list}.


{list item} If we have gotten your written approval;


{list item} To avoid urgent danger to your life, body or personal property;


{list item} To avoid great harm on others rights and benefits;


{list item} To promote public benefits without harming yours.


We may also disclose your personal information in response to the requests from government or for the purpose of public safety. And we are exempt from responsibility for the aforementioned disclosures.


Applicable Law.


By visiting {removed hyperref}, you agree that the laws of the state of California, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and {removed hyperref}.


Intellectual Property Rights.


This Website and all the content available on the Website are the property of {removed hyperref} and are protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. You may not use the Website or the materials or services available on the Website in a manner that constitutes an infringement of our rights or that has not been authorized by us or is otherwise contrary to any applicable laws.


When you submit or post any content, you are granting {removed hyperref}, and anyone authorized by {removed hyperref}, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, fully sub-licensable, worldwide license to use, display, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, incorporate into other works, distribute, and/or digitally perform or publicly perform or display such content, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium, now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose. This license is non-exclusive, except that you agree that {removed hyperref} shall have the exclusive right to practice this license to the extent of combining your posted content with the posted content of other website users for the purposes of constructing or populating a database for the benefit of any party which may be authorized by {removed hyperref}.


In connection with the exercise of such rights, you grant {removed hyperref}, and anyone authorized by {removed hyperref}, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or submissions by name, e-mail address or screen name, as we deem appropriate. {removed hyperref} is under no obligation to give credit or pay any consideration for your posted content.


Product Descriptions.


{removed hyperref} works hard to be as accurate as possible. However, we do not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by {removed hyperref} itself is not as described completely, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.


Are children allowed to use {removed hyperref}?


Purchases by children will be declined. But our products can be used by children. If you are under 18, you may use {removed hyperref} only with the involvement of a parent or guardian hereinafter referred to as guardian. The website will establish and maintain a reasonable procedure to ensure the confidentiality and safety of childrens personal information.


{number list}.


{list item} Guardians should bear the prior responsibility of protecting childrens privacy and private information.


{list item} Our collection of childrens personal information is for the response to their particular requirements. The information will be deleted once the response is completed and will not be kept for further use.


{list item} We will not use childrens personal information or disclose their identification information to a third party without the permission of the guardians. In order to get the permission, we collect guardians name, childrens name and their contact information; if the guardians do not respond in a reasonable time, we will delete the information.


{list item} With the permission of guardians, we will collect personal information of the children and provide the guardians with the following:


{list item} a) Opportunity to examine the childrens and guardians information we collect;


{list item} b) Opportunity to stop the further utilization of the childrens and guardians information we collect;


{list item} c) Opportunity to change or delete the childrens and guardians information we collect.


{list item} Guardians have the right to refuse the further contact between children and our website.


{list item} We collect childrens information to protect their safety when engaging in online activities but not for any other end. We promise we will never ask children for extra personal information as the prerequisite of their online activities.


How to contact us.


If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about this privacy policy, please refer to the Contact Us page. We are glad to hear any suggestions from you.


Changes to This Policy.


Please refer to this privacy policy periodically for any variations. We may email periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our website frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.


Disclaimer of Warranties Limitation of Liability.


All information, content, materials, products (including software) and services included on or otherwise made available to you through this site are provided by {removed hyperref} on an as is and as available basis, unless otherwise specified in writing. {removed hyperref} makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through this site, unless otherwise specified in writing. You expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk.


To the full extent permissible by applicable law, {removed hyperref} disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. {removed hyperref} does not warrant that this site; information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through this site; their servers; or e-mail sent from {removed hyperref} are free of viruses or other harmful components. {removed hyperref} will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site or from any information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through this site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages, unless otherwise specified in writing.


Certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights.


The power to interpret and modify this privacy policy shall rest with iHealth Lab Inc.


Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device {removed href} Spin to win.


