


Privacy Statement of Media 52 B. V.


07 JULI 2020.


During the processing, we conform to the requirements of the applicable data protection legislation. This means we:


{number list}.


{list item} CLEARLY SPECIFY OUR PURPOSES before we process personal data, by using this Privacy Statement;


{list item} LIMIT OUR COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA to only the personal data needed for legitimate purposes;


{list item} first, ASK FOR EXPLICIT PERMISSION to process your personal data in cases where your permission is required;


{list item} take APPROPRIATE SECURITY MEASURES to protect your personal data and we demand the same from parties who process personal data on our behalf;


{list item} RESPECT your right to inspect, correct or delete your personal data held by us.


Media 52 B. V. is the party responsible for all data processing. In this privacy statement, we will explain which personal data we collect and for which purposes. We recommend that you read it carefully.


STATISTICS AND PROFILING.


We keep statistics on the use of our These statistics help us to, for example, only show you information that is relevant to you. We may combine personal data to get to know more about you. We will, of course, respect your privacy at all times. If you do not want us to do these statistics, please let us know.


For this purpose, we use your ip address and nickname. We have a legitimate interest in doing this. We store this information for six weeks.


ACCESS TO PORTAL.


Within our portal, you can access a management environment where you can set, specify and change settings.


For this purpose, we use your email address, ip address and nickname. We need this data because of our agreement with you. We store this information until our services to you have ended.


REGISTRATION.


Certain features of our service require you to register beforehand. You will have to provide some information about yourself and choose a username and password for the account that we will set up for you.


For this purpose, we use your nickname, ip address and email address. We need this data because of our agreement with you. We store this information until you close your account.


We will retain this data so that you do not have to re-enter it every time you visit our website and in order to contact you in connection with the execution of the agreement, invoicing and payment, and to provide an overview of the products and services you have purchased from us.


PROMOTION.


Other than the advertisements on the website, we can inform you about new products or services:


{number list}.


{list item} by e-mail.


{list item} via social media.


You can object at all times against this promotional communication. Every e-mail contains a cancellation link. You can block us or use the cancellation option. You can inform us through your account. You can inform us through the portal.


PUBLICATION.


When using our service, the following data is published so as to be visible to everyone on the Internet:


You choose which information you publish. You could be traced with this information.


ADVERTISEMENTS.


Our website shows advertisements. We do not publish these ourselves, but we collaborate with advertising companies. These companies keep track of what you like, and use that information to only show or make nice or interesting advertisement or offers in the future.


PROVIDING DATA TO THIRD PARTIES.


We may provide your data to our partners. These partners may be based outside the EU. Therefore the service will ask for your explicit consent.


Our website features social media buttons. These buttons are used by the providers of these services to collect your personal data.


STATISTICS.


We keep statistics on the use of our website.


COOKIES.


Our website makes use of cookies. Cookies are small files in which we can store information so that you do not have to fill that information again. We can also use them to see whether you are visiting us again.


The first time you visit our website, we will show you a notification explaining our cookies. If you keep using our website, we assume that you do not object to these cookies.


You can disable the use of cookies through your browser setting, but some parts of our website may not work properly as a result of that.


We made arrangements with other parties who place cookies through our website. Nevertheless, we cannot fully control what they are doing with their cookies, so please read their privacy statements as well.


GOOGLE ANALYTICS.


We use Google Analytics to track visitors on our website and to get reports about how visitors use the website. We accepted the data processing agreement from Google. We do allow Google to use information obtained by Analytics for other Google services, and we dont anonymize the IP-addresses.


SECURITY.


We take security measures to reduce the misuse of and unauthorised access to personal data.


JOB BOARD.


With your consent, we collect your email address to notify you of new jobs that could suit you. For this purpose, the information that you enter on our website may be shared with partners. You can object at all times against this personal communication. Every e-mail contains a cancellation link. You can block us or use the cancellation option.


CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT.


We reserve the right to modify this statement. We recommend that you consult this statement on a regular basis so that you remain informed of any changes.


INSPECTION AND MODIFICATION OF YOUR DATA.


You can always contact us if you have any questions regarding our privacy policy or wish to review, modify or delete your personal data.


You have the following right:


{number list}.


{list item} Being informed on which personal data we have and what we are using it for;


{list item} Inspection of the personal data that we keep from you;


{list item} Having incorrect data corrected;


{list item} Request to delete outdated personal data;


{list item} Revoke your consent;


{list item} Object to certain uses.


Please, note that you always make clear who you are, so that we can assure we do not modify or remove the data from the wrong person.


COMPLAINTS.


If you think that we are not helping you in the right way, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the authority. For The Netherlands, this is the Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens.


CONTACT DETAILS.


Media 52 B. V.


High Tech Campus 1.


5656AE Eindhoven.


{removed href} {removed hyperref}.


