


{removed href} Skip to navigation {removed href} Skip to content.


1. Disclaimer.


{bullet list}.


{list item} The materials on Intercomps website are provided on an as is basis. Intercomp makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.


{list item} Further, Intercomp does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.


{list item} While we make every effort to ensure that the products shown on our website are currently available in stock and at the price shown, we cannot guarantee that this will always be the case. If products you have ordered are unavailable, you will be notified as soon as possible.


2. Limitations.


In no event shall Intercomp or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Intercomps website, even if Intercomp or an Intercomp authorised representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.


3. Accuracy of materials.


The materials appearing on Intercomps website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Intercomp does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. Intercomp may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However, Intercomp does not make any commitment to update the materials.


4. Links.


Intercomp has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Intercomp of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the users own risk.


5. Modifications.


Intercomp may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.


6. Governing Law.


These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Malta and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that location.


7. Privacy Policy.


Section 1 What do we do with your information?


Your privacy is important to us.


It is Intercomps policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. Accordingly, we have developed this privacy policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and otherwise make use of personal information. We have outlined our privacy policy below.


{number list}.


{list item} We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.


{list item} Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.


{list item} We will collect and use personal information solely for fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other ancillary purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.


{list item} Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.


{list item} We will protect personal information by using reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.


{list item} We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.


{list item} We will only retain personal information for as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.


When you browse our website, we also automatically receive your computers internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.


Email marketing: With your permission, we may send you emails about us, new products and other updates.


You can stop receiving marketing messages from us at any time. You can do this:


By clicking on the unsubscribe link in any email.


By contacting us on: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Once you do this, we will update your profile to ensure that you dont receive further marketing messages. Stopping marketing messages will not stop service communications (such as order updates or notifications).


Section 2 Consent.


HOW DO YOU GET MY CONSENT?


When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.


Well hold on to your information for as long as you have your account, or as long as is needed to be able to provide the services to you, or (in the case of any contact you may have with us) for as long as is necessary to provide support-related reporting and trend analysis only.


If reasonably necessary or required to meet legal or regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our terms and conditions, we may also keep hold of some of your information as required, even after you have closed your account or it is no longer needed to provide the services to you.


If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.


HOW DO I WITHDRAW MY CONSENT?


If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at any time, by sending us an email on {removed hyperref}. By doing so, all information we hold about your unto our website will be deleted.


If you would like to review the data we have collected you can request access by sending us an email to {removed hyperref}.


Section 3 Disclosure.


We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.


Section 4 Third-party Services.


We do not, and will not, sell any of your personal data to any third party including your name, address, email address or credit card information. We want to earn and maintain your trust, and we believe this is absolutely essential in order to do that.


However, we share your data with the following categories of companies as an essential part of being able to provide our services to you, as set out in this statement:


{number list}.


{list item} Companies that do things to get your purchases to you, such as payment service providers, warehouses, order packers, and delivery companies.


{list item} Professional service providers, such as marketing agencies, advertising partners and website hosts who, who help us run our business.


{list item} Credit reference agencies, law enforcement, and fraud prevention agencies, so we can help tackle fraud.


{list item} Companies approved by you, such as social media sites (if you choose to link your accounts to us).


{list item} We may provide third parties with aggregated but anonymised information and analytics about our customers and, before we do so, we will make sure that it does not identify you.


The third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.


Once you leave our website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our websites Terms of Service.


When you click on links on our website, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.


Section 5.


A. SECURITY.


To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.


B. COOKIES.


Here is a list of cookies that we use. Weve listed them here so you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.


Site analytics cookies these cookies allow us to measure and analyse how our customers use the site, to improve both its functionality and your shopping experience.


Targeting or advertising cookies these cookies are used to deliver ads relevant to you. They also limit the number of times that you see an ad and help us measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.


By using our site, you agree to us placing these sorts of cookies on your device and accessing them when you visit the site in the future. If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, the help section in your browser should provide instructions on how to locate the file or directory that stores cookies. Please note that by deleting or disabling future cookies, your user experience may be affected and you might not be able to take advantage of certain functions of our site.


Section 6 Age of Consent.


By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state, county, province, region or country of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state, county, province, region or country of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.


Section 7 Changes to this Privacy Policy.


We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.


If our organisation is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners.


Section 8 Your Rights.


You have a lot of rights relating to your personal information:


{number list}.


{list item} The right to be informed about how your personal information is being used (such as defined in this notice).


{list item} The right to access the personal information we hold about you.


{list item} The right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you.


{list item} The right to request that we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances.


{list item} The right to stop direct marketing messages and to withdraw consent for other consent-based processing at any time.


{list item} The right to request that we transfer or port elements of your data either to you or another service provider.


{list item} The right to complain to your data protection regulator in Malta.


Questions and Contact Information.


If you want to exercise your rights, have a complaint, just have questions, if you would like to access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you or if you simply want more information please contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. Intercomp may change this privacy policy from time to time at Intercomps sole discretion.


Brands Carousel.


The website uses cookies. {removed href} Learn More. {removed href} OK {removed href}.


