


Keen Home respects your privacy and we are committed to keeping the information you share with us via our website safe and secure. This policy explains how Keen Homes website collects and uses information, and it explains how we use and protect that information. A separate policy covers Keen Homes Smart Vents.


What Information Does Keen Homes Website Collect?


Keen Home collects certain personal information at {removed hyperref} or {removed hyperref} in several ways and from several sources. Specifically, Keen Homes website collects the following information:


{number list}.


{list item} Personal Information: If you pre-order or purchase Keen Home products from our website, we may ask you to create a Keen Home Account, and to provide certain information including your name, email address, shipping address, payment card information, and other information necessary to complete a transaction. Keen Home calls this information Personal Information. Although you may be asked to enter your payment card number when pre-ordering or ordering goods and services, Keen Home does not collect, process, store, or retain payment card information. All payment card information is collected, stored, and processed by Keen Homes payment card processing PartnerShopify, Inc. If you do not want to share your personal information with Keen Home, please do not pre-order or order goods and services, or create a Keen Home Account.


{list item} Site Visit Information: Keen Homes website passively collects certain information each time you visit our website. This may include information collected from cookies and other common activity logging technologies. This information includes your browser type, operating system, IP address, device specific data, certain search data, web-history data, and general statistics about your activities on Keen Homes website.


Keen Home doesnt sell or rent the Personal Information you share with us through our website to third-parties.


{number list}.


{list item} Keen Homes use of your personal information: We use the Personal and Site Visit Information you provide, as well as other information, to process pre-orders and orders for goods and services, to contact you, to provide relevant advertisements, to ensure our website is working properly, and for other purposes that are consistent with the purpose for which you shared your personal information.


{list item} Keen Home may share your Personal and Site Visit information with its Partners: Keen Home may share your Personal and Site Visit Information with certain trusted third-parties to perform functions and provide services to us, including site hosting and maintenance, customer relationship, database storage and management, advertising, and direct marketing campaigns. We call these trusted third-parties our Partners. Keen Home carefully selects each Partner, and our Partners take your privacy and the security of the information we share with them seriously. In addition, all our Partners have signed contracts with Keen Home obligating them to securely store and use your personal information, and to respect your privacy.


{list item} Legal and law enforcement requests: Keen Home may also disclose your Personal or Site Visit Information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, warrant, or similar legally enforceable request for information.


Does Keen Home Use Cookies?


Keen Homes website uses cookies to improve your experience on our site, and to improve the relevance of the advertisements you receive. Keen Home uses persistent cookies. These cookies stay in your browser and allow us to recognize you when you return to the Site. Keen Home uses these cookies to better understand how you use our website, to provide you with more relevant advertisements, to diagnose and fix technical problems, and to otherwise enhance our services.


Can I Access My Personal Information?


You can confirm, change or update the personal information you share with Keen Home by logging into your Keen Home Account or you can also ask Keen Home for help with changing or updating your information by contacting us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Can I Choose to Stop Receiving Keen Home Makerting Messages?


Keen Home may send you marketing messages, including marketing sent to you by email, about our innovative products, and to alert you to relevant advertisements and opportunities. You can always choose to stop receiving marketing messages by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of a Keen Home marketing message.


You are not able to opt-out of receiving emails from us that are business related (for instance emails about the status of your order).


Can Children Use Keen Homes Website?


Our website, and our products and services are not directed at children under 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. Keen Home does not permit children under the age of 13 to register on its website, to create accounts, or to pre-order or order goods and services through the website. If you are the parent or guardian of a child under 13, and you believe he or she has shared personal information with Keen Home, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} and ask that the information been removed from Keen Homes systems.


Does Keen Home Track My Activity Across Other Websites?


Like many websites, Keen Home uses select advertising Partners to retarget advertisements. Retargeting occurs when a select advertising Partner places a persistent cookie on your computer or mobile device to track your activities across other websites, and to improve the relevance of the advertisements you receive across the websites you visit.


Also, when you visit our website, Keen Home automatically collects the name of the website you came from (called the referring page), and the name of the website you visited immediately after ours (called the exit page). This information is used exclusively to improve your experience on Keen Homes website, and to increase the relevance of the advertisements you receive.


Because Keen Home use persistent cookies, your selection of the Do Not Track option on your browser may not stop the cookies we use from collecting information about other websites you have visited. However, you may prevent our advertising Partners from tracking your activities by adjusting the settings in your browser so it rejects cookies or so it is set to Do Not Track. Please remember, Keen Home has no means of confirming or controlling whether its advertising Partners honor the Do Not Track browser settings.


What If I Follow A Link To A Third-Party Website?


Keen Homes website may contain links to third-party websites. We do not have control over the privacy policies of advertisers or other third-parties operating these websites. An advertiser or third-party may receive the information you enter into a form or survey contained in an advertisement. Any personal information you enter is provided directly to that third-party and is subject to that third-partys privacy policy.


How Does Keen Home Protect The Information I Share with It?


Keen Home takes the security of your personal information very seriously. Keen Home uses commercially reasonable administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to keep the personal information you share with us secure. Despite these safeguards and our reasonable efforts to secure your information, Keen Home cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third-parties wont be able to defeat our security, and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your personal information.


Will This Privacy Policy Change?


Keen Home may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our website and our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by posting a notice on our website with a link to our revised policy. We encourage you to periodically visit this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.


How Do I Contact Keen Home?


For questions about this privacy policy, or about Keen Homes privacy and information security practices generally, you can contact Keen Home at {removed href} {removed hyperref} or.


Keen Home Inc.


320 W 37th Street, 15th Floor.


New York, NY 10013.


Effective: February 20, 2014.


