


Effective date: 09/26/2016.


This website is operated by Kiddesigns, Inc., and its affiliates and subsidiaries companies and is directed to adults for online purchasing of our products. In order to purchase any product from this web site, you must be 18 years of age.


What personal information we collect.


Kiddesigns does not require any personal information from anyone wishing to browse the website and products. Users can register for an account and for email newsletters. We collect a first name, last name, email address, username and password for account login and in order to communicate with you. If you make a purchase we collect credit card details and a mailing address in order to deliver your product. We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our web site or to communicate with our customers information related with their on line orders. Persons who supply us their telephone numbers on line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed online.


From time to time, we may notify our customers of special and/or exclusive offers via email. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future with these offerings, please let us know by sending us an e-mail at the Customer Service address listed in the Contact Us page. Upon request we provide customers with access to transaction information (e. g. dates on which purchases were made, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them.


If you have privacy concerns, you can call the phone number listed at the bottom of this page to place your order. However, keep in mind that you will not be able to save your shopping cart and/or login info for future use.


Retention time.


The data collected is kept for the time necessary to provide you the service, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and you can always request that we suspend or remove the data by contacting us using the information listed at the end of this policy.


Other information we collect.


In order to improve your shopping experience, our servers sets cookies in your computer. If your web browser is set to block cookies, please unblock them. Our Web server automatically recognizes the IP address of the computer you are using to access our webs site.


Links.


We may include links to third parties from the website or services. We arent responsible for these companies and because we have a link doesnt mean we endorse them. Your use of our services maybe subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of other services that we dont control such as mobile app stores, mobile software platforms or payment processors. Please be sure to check their privacy policies if you decide to visit them.


Changes to this policy.


We may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If we have collected your email address we will notify you by email of any material changes before we make them and provide an opportunity to opt out.


Security and safety.


With respect to security, we always use industry standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our sites. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.


In certain situations, customers using outdated browser software may not be able to use our secure online order form. Instead you can call our toll free number. Please call: 1-888-TOP-TOYS.


If a child under the age of 18 orders a product without parental or guardian permission, then the parent or guardian may return the product for a refund according to the posted returns and exchanges policies that relate to that order.


If you feel that this site is not following its stated Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us with your concern.


Contact Information.


If you have any questions or concerns about the Privacy Policy, please contact us by mail at 1299 Main Street, Rahway, NJ 07065 or by phone at 888-867-8697.


