


{removed href} Skip to content.


Your privacy is very important to us. We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties under any circumstances for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. Please read this privacy policy to learn more about the ways in which we use and protect your personal information. If you have additional questions, you may send an email to {removed hyperref}.


OVERVIEW.


The privacy practices of this statement apply to all GPS services (the Services) and goods marketed by LandAirSea Systems, Inc. (the Company) available under the domain, sub domains and affiliates of {removed hyperref} (the Site). By visiting this website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree please do not use or access our Site.


By accepting the Privacy Policy, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is effective upon registration of accounts for new registering users, and is otherwise effective on August 1st, 2005 for all users.


1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT:


{number list}.


{list item} Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. We only collect personal information about you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose.


{list item} If you choose to subscribe to our Services, we may require you to provide contact and identity information, billing information, shipping information and other personal information. Where possible, we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional.


{list item} We automatically track certain information based upon your behavior on the Site. We use this information to do internal research on our users demographics and behavior to better understand, protect and serve you. This information may include the URL that you just came from, your computer browser information, and your IP address.


{list item} If you establish a credit account with us to pay the fees we charge, we collect some additional information, such as a billing address, a credit card number and a credit card expiration date and tracking information from checks or money orders.


2. OUR USE OF YOUR INFORMATION:


{number list}.


{list item} We use your personal information to facilitate the services you request. We use your personal information in the file we maintain about you to: troubleshoot problems; collect fees owed, inform you about online and offline offers, services and updates; customize your experience; detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity, and enforce our User Agreement.


3. OUR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION:


{number list}.


{list item} As a matter of policy, we do not sell or rent any of your personal information under any circumstances to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. However, the following describes some of the ways that your personal information may be disclosed in the normal scope of business to provide our services.


{list item} Legal Requests. We cooperate with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws to help protect all parties from bad actors. In an effort to respect your privacy and our ability to keep the community free from bad actors, we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement or other government officials without a subpoena, court order or substantially similar legal procedure, except when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to: prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss; or report suspected illegal activity.


{list item} Company employees who have access to personal information of clients are required to keep the information confidential and not use it for any other purpose than to carry out the services they are performing for the Company.


{list item} Due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications.


4. CONTROL OF YOUR PASSWORD:


{number list}.


{list item} You are responsible for all actions taken with your User ID and password, including fees charged to your account. Therefore, we do not recommend that you disclose your password to any third parties. If you choose to share your User ID and password or your personal information with third parties, you are responsible for all actions taken with your account and therefore, you should review that third partys privacy policy. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personal and account information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password.


5. ACCESSING, REVIEWING AND CHANGING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION:


{number list}.


{list item} We offer you the ability to automatically review and change the information you submit to us by logging into the Site and entering in the new information yourself. Generally, we will not modify your personal information based on your request because it is very difficult to authenticate your account manually. You should promptly update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate.


{list item} Upon your request, we will deactivate your account, contact information, billing information, shipping information, and financial information from our active databases. To make this request, email {removed hyperref} such information will be deactivated as soon as reasonably possible based on your account activity and in accordance with our deactivation policy and applicable law.


{list item} We will retain in our files some personal information you have requested to remove to prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our User Agreement and comply with legal requirements as is permitted by law. Therefore, you should not expect that all of your personal information will be completely removed from our databases in response to your requests.


6. SECURITY:


{number list}.


{list item} Your personal information and recording files are stored on secure servers located in the United States. We use procedural and technical safeguards to protect your personal and account information against loss or theft as well as unauthorized access and disclosure to protect your privacy, including encryption, firewalls and Secure Socket Layers. We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company. However, perfect security does not exist on the Internet.


7. A SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT CHILDREN:


{number list}.


{list item} Minors/Children (persons under the age of 18) are not eligible to use the Services unsupervised and we ask that children do not submit any personal information to us. If you are under the age of 18, you may only use this Site in conjunction with and under the supervision of your parents or guardians.


8. NOTICE:


WE MAY AMEND THIS PRIVACY POLICY AT ANY TIME BY POSTING THE AMENDED TERMS ON THE SITE. ALL AMENDED TERMS SHALL AUTOMATICALLY BE EFFECTIVE 30 DAYS AFTER THEY ARE INITIALLY POSTED ON THE SITE.


Original text.


Contribute a better translation.


