


Privacy Policy.


Effective January 15, 2020.


OUR POLICY.


Arboleaf Corporation (arboleaf, {removed hyperref}, we, us, or our) provides users with information, services, and tools through the {removed hyperref} website, the {removed hyperref} mobile applications (Apps), the {removed hyperref} smart scale application programming interface (API), and other websites, apps, and online services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the Services). Arboleaf is committed to protecting your privacy. We do not sell your personal data.


This Privacy Policy sets forth our policies with respect to how we collect, use, and share information through the Services. This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference in the {removed hyperref} End User Terms of Use, which govern your use of the Services.


By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, as defined below, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data through the Services, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Data may be transferred from your current location to our offices and servers, or those of our 3rd party contractors. If you would like us to cease using your Personal Data, you may delete your account by following the instructions provided in the Data Retention and Deletion section below or exercise the choices described in the Your Choices and Access to Information section below.


INFORMATION WE COLLECT.


When you register for warranty on our website, place an order, respond to a survey and fill out a form, we may collect personal data and other information in connection with the Services, including but not limited to, your name, email address, mailing address, and phone number.


When you create an Loftilla account, you provide your email and password, your certain personal profile information including your name, gender, birth date and height. The profile data are necessary factors for determining your bio-metrics data. Your Loftilla account allows you to access your measurement data through the Lofitlla mobile apps.


When you use Loftilla mobile apps, your measurement data (weight, BMI, body fat and other body mass information), measurement mode, measurement and update time, measurement device ID, etc., are collected and stored in your account or retrieved from your account.


When you choose to share your Loftilla data with other applications (i. e. Fitbit, Google Fit and Apple Health), we exchange data with them, respectively, via API (Application Programming Interface).


When you contact our customer support, some of your personal data and measurement data under your Loftilla account are available to our support teams.


OUR USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA AND OTHER INFORMATION.


Arboleaf is committed to protecting your privacy. We make every effort to ensure the security of your personal data to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information. In order to guarantee our high quality of services, we may use or disclose some data in the following circumstances:


To track your wellness information, manage your goals and achievements, evaluate your progress, and set challenges.


To improve our products and services, customers support, sales, and marketing. We or our 3rd party partners may use your anonymous personal data.


To provide the services, create and manage user accounts, process payments and orders, respond to your questions and requests, resolve complaints, and otherwise complete a transaction that you initiate or fulfill the terms of any agreement you have with us.


To communicate with you through emails and notices posted via the Services. These communications may include welcome emails that help inform you about various features of the Services.


To create a custom experience for our users and tailor our products and Services to your interests and preferences. Your personal data may be used to offer surveys, discount coupons or events in which you are free to participate.


To enable social-sharing functionality, to find your friends on the Services, and to provide other features that allow you to communicate and interact with other users of the Services or users of third-party services that you connect to your account (such as Facebook or Twitter).


To operate our business, prevent fraud, analyze the use of our Services, improve the content and functionality of the Services, and better understand our users.


To comply with legal or regulatory requirements. We may be compelled by the law to disclose your personal data to some authorities.


YOUR CHOICES AND ACCESS TO INFORMATION.


We provide users with a variety of choices regarding how we or third parties collect, use, and share information, including as follows:


You can update or change certain information associated with your account through the Settings page within our Apps or by logging into your account on {removed hyperref}.


Users may have additional rights to access, review, correct, delete, or inquire about information that we hold about them. To make such a request, please send us an email at {removed hyperref}. Please note that we may need to verify your identity or request additional information from you before we are able to comply with your request.


DATA RETENTION AND DELETION.


We retain information for as long as reasonably necessary to deliver our Services to you or to fulfill the purposes described in this Policy. For example, we may retain your profile information and information about your weight and body compositions during a certain period for as long as you maintain your {removed hyperref} account. This provides you with the ability to review your activities over time, track your progress toward personal goals and challenges, and remember your past achievements and milestones (for example, your weight loss goals or other personal achievements).


Because our users may take extended breaks from using scales and may use our Apps on various devices, we do not delete information automatically based on account inactivity or when you uninstall our Apps from one of your devices. However, we provide you with the ability to delete information associated with your account, as follows:


You may remove a specific activity from your account on a specific date and time.


You may delete your {removed hyperref} account and information associated with your account.


If you choose to delete your {removed hyperref} account, we will make our best effort to delete all information associated with your account, including your profile information, historical data, and third-party authorizations for services connected to your account.


SECURITY.


We implement reasonable administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect the Personal Data provided via the Services from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email or the Internet.


DATA INTEGRITY.


We process Personal Data for our legitimate business purposes and in accordance with this Policy or any applicable service-specific privacy notice. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Data we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their Personal Data whenever necessary.


WELLNESS INFORMATION.


We may infer a users potential interest in certain non-sensitive wellness categories, such as exercise and fitness activities, diet and weight loss. We may use this non-sensitive wellness information for the purpose of delivering more relevant content, services, offers, and advertising to our users.


CHILDREN.


We do not collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13 and do not target our Services to children under 13. If you are under 13, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Services.


LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES OR SERVICES.


This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through the Services. The Services may contain references or links to other websites or services not operated or controlled by us (the Third Party Services). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Services. The links from the Services do not imply our review or endorsement of the Third Party Services. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.


CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY.


Our Services may change from time to time. As a result, we may need to change this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. We will post any revised Privacy Policy on our website with an effective date indicating when the changes will take effect. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. Your continued use of the Services after a revised Privacy Policy becomes effective shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.


CONTACTING US.


If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our information collection, use, and sharing practices, please feel free to contact us at any time at {removed hyperref}.


{removed href} Scroll to top.


This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.


{removed href} Learn more {removed href} OK.


