


Privacy Policy.


LOGISTIMATICS.


PRIVACY POLICY.


EFFECTIVE: MARCH 1, 2018.


Logistimatics values the trust you place in us when you use our website located at {removed hyperref} (our Website), as well as the devices through which we provide services to use (the Devices; our Website and the Devices, collectively, our Platforms). This Privacy Policy describes our collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your information. This Privacy Policy applies to our Platforms, regardless of how you access or use it, including through mobile devices, and other communications we may have with you relating to the services we provide.


BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR TERMS OF SERVICE, AND YOU ARE CONSENTING TO OUR COLLECTION, USE, DISCLOSURE, RETENTION, AND PROTECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT PROVIDE THE INFORMATION WE REQUIRE, WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO PROVIDE ALL OF OUR SERVICES TO YOU.


If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Platforms. We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post any changes to our Website. Your continued use of our Platforms following the posting of any changes will mean you accept those changes. You may change your preferences regarding use of your personal information, including to withdraw consent to use of your personal information, by changing your account profile through our website.


{number list}.


{list item} Information we collect about you.


{list item} How we use your information.


{list item} How we share your information with others.


{list item} Tracking and interest-based advertising.


{list item} How to access and modify your information.


{list item} How to limit the use of your information.


{list item} Other important information.


{list item} Questions or report a problem.


INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU.


We collect, process, and retain information from you and any devices (including mobile devices) you may use when you use our Platforms or services, register for an account with us, provide us information on a web form, update or add information to your account, participate in community discussions, chats, or dispute resolution, or when you otherwise correspond with us. The specific information we collect depends upon your use of the Platforms or services, as described below.


INFORMATION YOU GIVE US: We receive and store information you enter on our Platforms or give us in any other way, including your name, physical address, phone number, email address, and payment information.


INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR INTERACTION WITH OUR PLATFORMS: We collect information about your interactions with our Platforms, such as the purchases you make or the advertisements you view.


INFORMATION WE AUTOMATICALLY COLLECT: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us or our Platforms. Our Platforms use cookies, tagging and other tracking technologies to help enable you to shop on our Platforms, and enable us to enhance or personalize your online browsing and shopping experience. This information includes computer and connection information such as statistics on your page views, traffic to and from our Platforms, referral URL, ad data, your IP address, and device identifiers; this information may also include your browsing history, transaction history, and your web log information.


LOCATION INFORMATION: When you download or use apps created by Logistimatics, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. Geo-location information allows us to provide location-based services, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content.


INFORMATION FROM SOCIAL MEDIA AND OTHER SITES: When you interact with our Platforms or services on a social media platform, we may collect the personal information that you make available to us on that page, including your account ID or username and other information included in your posts. If you choose to log in to your Logistimatics account with or through a social networking service, Logistimatics and that service may share certain information about you and your activities.


INFORMATION FROM OTHER SOURCES: We may supplement the personal information we collect with information from third parties and add it to your account information. Information from third parties may include, but is not limited to, demographic information that is publicly available, additional contact information, group affiliations, occupational information, and educational background.


HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.


We use your information to help us personalize and continually improve your experience on the Platforms, including fulfilling your orders and requests for information, analyzing and compiling trends and statistics, and communicating with you. For information about how to manage your information and the choices you have, see how to limit the use of your information below.


GENERAL USES.


In accordance with your choices when you registered with us, we may use your we may use your information to:


{number list}.


{list item} Provide, maintain, and improve the Platforms for internal or other business purposes;


{list item} Fulfill requests for information;


{list item} Provide, produce, and ship the products that you order or the services you request;


{list item} Provide customer support;


{list item} Track and evaluate the use of the Platforms;


{list item} Communicate with you about your account, profile or transactions with us, or changes to our policies or terms;


{list item} Send you information about features and enhancements on or to our Platforms;


{list item} Send you newsletters or other materials;


{list item} Send you offers or other communications about our products and services, such as special or promotional events, including services, products, or events for which we collaborate or co-offer with a third party;


{list item} Detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be fraudulent or illegal;


{list item} Optimize or improve our products, services and operations; and.


{list item} Perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the Platforms and their viewing patterns.


Some of these uses of your information may be in connection with our legitimate interests in providing the Services.


We may use the information from one portion of the Platforms on other portions of the Platforms, and we may combine information gathered from multiple portions of the Platforms into a single record. We may also use or combine information that we collect offline or we collect or receive from third-party sources for many reasons, including to enhance, expand, and check the accuracy of our records. We may retain your information as long as is necessary for the purposes for which we collected it or you agreed to upon registration, and for purposes of fraud prevention or as otherwise required by applicable law.


HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH OTHERS.


We do not share your personal information with third parties, except as set forth below. We may disclose information that does not specifically identify you, such as aggregate information, device identifiers or other unique identifiers to third parties in any manner we deem appropriate. For information about how to manage your information and the choices you have, see how to limit the use of your information below.


THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS: We have affiliates and service providers that perform functions on our behalf, including, but not limited to: hosting, content syndication, content management, technical integration, marketing, analytics, customer service, and fraud protection. For example, we use third parties to process payments made to us and assist with product fulfillment and other operations. These third parties may have access to your personal information when needed to perform their functions. If we share information with these third parties that personally identifies you, such as your name, address, or phone number, we will require the third parties to maintain the confidentiality and security of your personal information, and they will be restricted from using, selling, or distributing such personally identifiable information in any way other than to provide the requested services to the Platforms.


BUSINESS PARTNERS AND OTHER THIRD PARTIES: Based on the choices you made when registering, we may engage in activities that include sharing your personally identifying information with unaffiliated third parties, such as business partners who provide products and services that we think you may be interested in. Your mobile telephone number, opt-in data and SMS messaging will not be shared with any unaffiliated third parties or otherwise sold, transferred, disclosed, or disseminated to any third party.


LAW ENFORCEMENT, LEGAL PROCESS, AND EMERGENCY SITUATIONS: We may also use or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or on the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or our Platforms; (b) protect and defend our rights or property, the Platforms or our users, or (c) act to protect the personal safety of us, users of the Platforms or the public. We may disclose your information to a third party that alleges that you have infringed their intellectual property rights through the products sold through our Platforms. Similarly, if you allege that a user is infringing upon your intellectual property rights, we may disclose your information to that user.


TRACKING AND INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING.


Like many websites, we use tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to record your preferences, track the use of our Platforms and exposure to our online advertisements. We may also use these technologies to monitor traffic, improve the Platforms, and make it easier to use and more relevant.


Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Platforms may be served by unaffiliated third parties. We do not control these third parties tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement, you should contact the responsible advertiser directly. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any website not operated by Logistimatics to which our Platforms link or that link to our Platforms.


Your browser or device may include Do Not Track functionality. Logistimaticss information collection and disclosure practices, and the choices that we provide to customers, will continue to operate as described in this Privacy Policy, whether or not a Do Not Track signal is received.


USERS UNDER EIGHTEEN: Our services are intended for users ages 18 and older only. Accordingly, we will not knowingly collect or use any personal information from children that we know to be under the age of 18. In addition, we will delete any information in our database that we know originates from a user or prospective user under the age of 18.


USERS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES: If you use our Platforms outside of the United States, you understand that we may collect, process, and store your personal information in the United States and other countries. The laws in the U. S. regarding personal information may be different from the laws of your state or country. Any such transfers will comply with safeguards as required by relevant law. If applicable, you may have a right to claim compensation for damages caused by a breach of relevant data protection laws.


NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798. 83 permits you to request certain information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by Logistimatics and its related companies to third parties for the third parties direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send your request, by mail, to:


LOGISTIMATICS CUSTOMER SERVICE 336-663-1583.


{removed hyperref}.


QUESTIONS OR REPORT A PROBLEM.


For questions about our Privacy Policy, to make choices about receiving promotional communications, to update your personal information, or to place an order, you can contact Logistimatics by email, telephone, or mail:


LOGISTIMATICS CUSTOMER SERVICE.


336-663-1583.


{removed hyperref}.


REPORT AN ALLEGED INFRINGEMENT.


We respect the intellectual property rights of others, and do NOT welcome infringing content. We encourage you to contact us if you believe that a user of our service has infringed your rights. We promptly evaluate all claims of infringement, and terminate the accounts of repeat infringers.


If you believe that a user of our service has infringed your intellectual property rights, please notify our Intellectual Property Rights Agent and provide all of the following:


{bullet list}.


{list item} A physical or electronic signature, and a statement that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other rights that have been allegedly infringed;


{list item} Identification of the copyright, trademark or other rights that have been allegedly infringed;


{list item} The URL or product number(s) used in connection with the sale of the allegedly infringing merchandise.


{list item} Your name, address, telephone number and email address;


{list item} A statement that you have a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the rights owner, its agent or the law; and.


{list item} A statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other right that is allegedly infringed.


Ryan S. Luft, Esq. is our Intellectual Property Rights Agent. Notices of infringement should be sent to us by mail or email as follows:


Ryan S. Luft, Esq.


Ryan S. Luft, PLLC.


3125 Kathleen Ave. 116.


Greensboro, NC 27408.


{removed hyperref}.


