


{removed href} Home / Privacy Policy Loocam Privacy Policy The Loocam Privacy Policy was updated on January 18th, 2017.


Your privacy is important to Loocam. This Privacy Policy informs how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store your information. This privacy policy does not apply to other online Loocam resellers. Please familiarize yourself with the complete Loocam Privacy Policy.


Collection Use of Personal Information.


You may be asked to provide your personal information anytime youre in contact with Loocam. Loocam and its affiliates will utilize this information in accordance to this Privacy Policy.


This information is commonly required when you create an account; opt-in to email subscriptions, contests, events or memberships; or when purchasing and registering Loocam products. Commonly requested personal information by Loocam is often limited to email address, language preference and location, but may include other information when required to perform a service upon your request.


Your personal information is used to make the website easier for you to use by not making you enter your personal information more than once, deliver products and/or services purchased and/or requested and to help us produce the most relevant content for you.


Loocams websites, online services, interactive applications, email messages and advertisements may use cookies and other technologies. These technologies assist Loocam to better understand user behaviour by informing us which parts of our websites people have visited, aid in the analysis of advertisement and web search efficacy. When someone visits the site, a cookie is placed on the customers machine (if the customer accepts cookies) or is read if the customer has visited the site previously.


If you choose to not have your browser accept cookies from the Loocam Web site, you will still be able to view the text on the screens, however you will not experience a personalized visit nor will you be able to subscribe to the service offerings on the site. Your Shopping Cart will also not remember items added but not checked out. To the extent that Internet Protocol(IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by local law, Loocam also treats these identifiers as personal information. Loocam may also use cookies and other technologies to advertise on third party websites marketing and/or remarketing services, such as an advertisement on the Google search results page or a site in the Google Display Network. Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a users past visits to {removed hyperref} website.


Loocam may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: conform to edicts of the law or comply with (a) legal process served on Loocam or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Loocam and its family of Web sites, or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Loocam its Web sites, or the public.


Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Loocam and its affiliates maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.


Access to Personal Information.


You can help ensure that your contact information and preferences are accurate and up to date by {removed href} logging into your account. When you register, or otherwise provide Loocam personal information, Loocam will not share that information with third parties without your permission, other than the limited exceptions already listed. You may also select to opt-in or opt-out of regular Loocam updates to you. Loocam may send out periodic emails informing you of technical service issues related to a product or service you requested. You will not be able to opt-out of these mailings as they are considered an essential part of the service you have chosen.


Security Personal Information.


Loocam strictly protects the security of your personal information and honors your choices for its intended use. We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.


Your personal information is never shared outside the company without your permission, except under conditions explained above. Inside the company, data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access.


You also have a significant role in protecting your information. No one can see or edit your personal information without knowing your login and password, please do not share these with others.


Changes to this Statement.


Loocam will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the last updated date at the top of the privacy statement. For material changes to this Statement, Loocam will notify you by placing prominent notice on the Web site.


Contact Information.


Loocam welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us {REMOVED HREF} HERE.


