


Privacy Policy Privacy Policy.


Privacy Policy.


This is the privacy policy statement of {removed hyperref} (Hereinafter Costway, our, we, or us). The purpose of this statement is to provide you with information about how Costway collects, uses, and shares the information we get from our customers and visitors. The collection efforts are designed to improve the shopping experience of our customers and to provide customers relevant information about our products, services, and promotions.


Information we collect.


We may collect your contact information including names, user names, billing and shipping addresses, email addresses, phone numbers and other digital information.


We may collect your payment information including credit/debit card numbers and PayPal accounts when you place {removed hyperref} may collect your purchase/return/exchange information and information how you are using our website including your IP addresses, details about your visits to the website, your browser types, the amount of time you spend on our website and other {removed hyperref} may also track the pages you visit, look at what website you came from, or what website you visit when you leave us. We collect this information using the third party tracking tools.


How we collect information.


We may collect information from you directly. Examples include:


You create a Costway account.


You subscribe the newsletters, email notifications or mobile messages from us.


You visit the site and purchase our products.


You upload pictures, comments or reviews on our {removed hyperref} connect us for customer service via email or other social media {removed hyperref} participate in the questionnaires from {removed hyperref} enter a lottery, contest or promotion activity. We may collect information from you passively. For example, we may use tracking tools like browser cookies, Google Analytics, tracking pixels/web beacons, and or other technologies to receive and store certain types of information. We may have third party business partners to collect non-personally identifiable information when you visit the {removed hyperref} may collect your information from other sources. For example, when your friends purchase from Costway and send the product to you, or your friends submit your information to us through a refer-a-friend type feature. If you use one of such features, please be sure you have been authorized by the very close friend or family to share the information, and you submit the email address only.


SMS Service.


If you use a mobile device to access pages throughout {removed hyperref} optimized for mobile-viewing, opt in to receive text message communications (SMS) from GOPLUS Corp. DBA registeration as {removed hyperref}, Inc. (Costway), or use a mobile application, the following terms and conditions apply. Your access to {removed hyperref} via your mobile device or use of a mobile application confirms your agreement to these terms and conditions. By opting in, I acknowledge text message communications may be sent to my mobile device using automatic telephone dialer and that consent is not required to purchase Costway products or services. By agreeing to receive text message communications (SMS) from Costway, you certify that you are over 18 years of age; and 1. You are the mobile account holder, or 2. You have the account holders permission to enroll the designated mobile phone number and can incur any mobile message or data charges. You agree that you are solely responsible for all message and data charges that apply to use of your mobile device to access {removed hyperref} or use of a mobile application. All such charges are billed by and payable to your mobile service provider. Please contact your participating mobile service provider for pricing plans, participation status and details. You understand that wireless through Wi-Fi or a participating mobile service provider may not be available in all areas at all times and may be affected by product, software, coverage or other service changes made by your mobile service provider or otherwise. Additional terms and conditions may apply to your use of a mobile application, based on the type of mobile device on which you install and use the mobile application.


How we use the information we collect.


We use the information for business purposes, including:


Managing and fulfilling purchases, orders, payments, returns and refunds.


Providing satisfying customer services.


Responding to your comments, reviews and opinions.


Conducting survey, research and analysis.


Marketing purposes like sending you coupons, newsletters, emails, promotions, etc.


We dont trade, sell or rent your personal identifiable information with third parties. However we may share the information for business purposes as legal. Examples including:


We may share your information with Costway families (including all members of the company and subsidiaries) for offering you better products and services.


We may share the information with third party partners who provide us support and services to market our products and services. The third party partners may need information about you in order to perform their functions. These companies are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose.


You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes by ticking the relevant boxes on the order form or by contacting us at the address given below. We may share your personal data if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation; or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions of supply and other agreements; or to protect our rights, property, or safety or that of our customers, or other third parties. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.


Google Adwords Analytics remarketing cookies.


We use Google Adwords remarketing services to show advertisements on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors of Costway. This might mean we show advertisements to visitors who, for instance, have not yet successfully completed the order process. The advertisements may be text based, or they may be display ads within the Google Display Network.


All collected data is used in accordance with our privacy policy, as well as Googles. You can set up your preferences regarding advertisements through the Google Ad Preference page.


Affiliate cookies.


We cooperate with affiliate business partners to collect information and other behavioral data from you for purposes such as targeting advertising services and better understanding the effectiveness of our affiliate advertisements placed on third party websites.


The below companies may collect personal information when you interact with our digital property, including IP addresses, digital identifiers, information about your web browsing and app usage and how you interact with our properties and ads for a variety of purposes, such as personalization of offers or advertisements, analytics about how you engage with websites or ads and other commercial purposes. For more information about the collection, use and sale of your personal data and your rights, please use the below links.


{removed href} {removed hyperref}/


{removed href} {removed hyperref}/


Criteo cookies.


We also cooperate with Criteo for retargeting. Criteo specializes in creating personalized advertisements through Criteo Dynamic Retargeting and Criteo Sponsored Products. Criteo builds advertisements for users who visit our website or mobile application and with publishers to display personalized advertisements.


The aim is to deliver advertisements by displaying products that you might be interested in, based on your recent browsing behavior or search.


Example of a Criteo Dynamic Retargeting Product ad: if you visit and browse on website/mobile application A, on a subsequent online visit to website/mobile application B, you will see ads personalized by your browsing history on website/mobile application A.


Example of a Criteo Sponsored Products Product ad: if you make search on our website (Criteo Sponsored Products), you will see ads personalized by your search on that website. With Criteo service, you should receive personalized ads that are more relevant for you than the standard advertising you would receive without Criteo.


Social media cookies.


When you engage with our content on or through third-party social networking websites, plug-ins and applications, you may allow us to have access to certain social media account information (e. g., name, username, email address, gender) as determined by the settings of the social media services to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the website, plug-in or application. Social media platforms may collect information about your use of our services and may notify other users of the platform about your activities on our website and device applications. Social media services may also use cookies or other technologies to provide services or track your online activities over time and across multiple websites and device applications. Your interactions with social media features are governed by the respective privacy policies of the companies providing the features.


Security.


All of the information we collect is stored within our customer database and are used only for confirmation, shipping and billing of your order. Except as set out in this privacy policy your personal data will not be used for any other purpose without your consent.


Your information is stored on secure servers in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using appropriate technology.


We recommend customers to carefully check your accounts and report any unexpected activity to us and your bank companies without delay. We dont recommend you to share your passwords.


You may request access to any information which is stored within our database. You may also request changes to the details which we hold about you if they are incorrect or incomplete.


Our website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and we do not have any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.


Contact us.


If you have any questions regarding or concerning this Privacy Policy or the website, please do not hesitate to {removed href} contact us by email to our customer services.


