


{removed href} Skip to content {removed href} Menu Close Contact Us.


Privacy Policy.


Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to {removed href} {removed hyperref} and Matrack Inc. and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Matrack Inc. include {removed hyperref} and Matrack. The Matrack website is an e-commerce site. By using the Matrack website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.


PRIVACY COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATION.


Matrack has Certified and Approved by Deloitte certification.


COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.


USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


Matrack collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.


Matrack may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Matrack and its affiliates.


LOCATION-BASED SERVICES.


To provide location-based services, Matrack and its Representatives may collect, use, and share precise location data, including the real-time geographic location of your device used to access the service. This location data is collected and is used by Matrack and its Representatives to provide and improve services. Location-based Services require your personal information for the feature to work.


SHARING INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES.


Matrack does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.


Matrack may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Matrack, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.


Matrack may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:


(a) Conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Matrack or the site.


(b) Protect and defend the rights or property of Matrack; and/or.


(c) Act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Matrack, or the public.


AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION.


Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Matrack. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Matrack website.


SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


Matrack secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Matrack uses the following methods for this purpose:


SSL Protocol AWS services.


When personal information(such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.


We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100 secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.


CHILDREN UNDER THIRTEEN.


Matrack does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.


E-MAIL COMMUNICATIONS.


From time to time, Matrack may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from Matrack or click on a link therein.


If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Matrack, you may opt-out of such communications by click on the unsubscribe option.


CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT.


Matrack reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice.


MATRACK INC.


2481 Deerwood Drive.


San Ramon, California 94583.


Email Address: {removed hyperref}.


Telephone number:


855-658-7225.


Effective as of August 22, 2018.


