


Mounting Dream respects your privacy. The info including your email address, shipping address, phone number we collect from your are only for the purpose of fulfilling the order. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future. Nor do we use your personal info and pictures for Ads without your consent.


INFORMATION COLLECTED If you request or submit information to us by sending us an e-mail or filling out a subscribe form, we may save your e-mail address as well as any other information you may provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, e-mail, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. You have our gurranty that:


{removed hyperref} e-mail and other information you provide will not be sold to any third party.


2. Your personal information and pictures will not be used for advertising without your approval.


3. Our website will not collect your personal information as the main purpose.


4. Your credit card or others payments information will be properly collected under the protection of SSL technology.


UPDATING, CORRECTING, AND DELETING PERSONAL INFORMATION If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an e-mail to {removed hyperref} with Remove personal information in the subject line.


PERIODIC POLICY CHANGES Please note that Mounting Dream reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i. e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.


This policy statement is made in the name of Mounting Dream and is effective as of August 1st, 2018. This statement does not create an agreement between Mounting Dream and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.


COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES.


We use cookies and similar technologies to provide, protect, and improve our products and services, such as by personalizing content, offering and measuring advertisements, understanding user behavior, and providing a safer experience.


You can remove or reject cookies using your browser or device settings, but in some cases doing so may affect your ability to use our products and services.


2. 1Definition of Cookies.


Cookies are small pieces of text used to store information on web browsers. Cookies are widely used to store and receive identifiers and other information on computers, phones, and other {removed hyperref} types of files do a number of different jobs such as remembering your preferences and chosen items, assisting you to improve your site experience as well as trying to ensure that the adverts or offers you see online are more relevant to you. These cookies can be divided into 4 types each of which is outlined below.


2. 2Types of Cookies.


Strictly Necessary Cookies.


In order to provide you with fundamental services of our website, such as visit our website or make a purchase, these cookies are essential. If you disable these cookies, we will not be able to fulfill your request.


Performance Cookies.


This type collect anonymous information on how people use the site and the data is merged with other users to enable us to improve how the site operates. For example we utilise Google Analytics cookies to help us understand how customers arrive at our site, browse or use our site and highlight areas where we can improve areas such as navigation, shopping experience and marketing campaigns. The data stored by these cookies never shows personal details from which your individual identity can be {removed hyperref} you disable or opt-out of these cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of our websites and services, and it may reduce the support or information that we can provide you.


Functionality Cookies.


These cookies may remember the operations such as your preference so that we can provide you with better services and improve our operation {removed hyperref} you reject these cookies, you may not be able to use certain functions of our websites.


Targeting Cookies or Advertising Cookies.


These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising more personalize to {removed hyperref} cookies may remember the websites you have visited and share them with the third parties such as {removed hyperref} you reject these cookies, you may not be able to use certain functions of our websites and services, and it may affect your experience.


Social networking cookies.


These cookies are used to enable you to share pages and content on our websites and services through third-party social networking and other websites. These cookies may also be used for advertising {removed hyperref} you reject these cookies, you may not be able to use certain functions of our websites, and it may affect your experience.


2. 3Cookies Placed by Third Parties.


You may also encounter cookies on our websites that are placed by third parties. For example, when you buy our products online, our e-commerce vendor may use cookies and other technologies. We may also allow third parties to place cookies on our websites to track information about your online activities and/or across third-party sites or online services, including to send you targeted advertisements based on that information, which may include the remarketing of our products and services that you have viewed on our websites and on third-party websites.


This Cookie Statement does not apply to the cookies, applications, technologies or websites that are owned by and/or operated by third parties, or such third parties practices, even if they use or access our technology to store or collect information. To understand how third parties use cookies, please review their privacy policies.


2. 4Controlling and Opting-Out of Cookies.


You can change the settings on your browser to prevent cookies being stored on your computer or mobile device without your explicit consent. Your browser help section will normally provide details on how to manage the cookie settings. If you choose to reject cookies, as noted above, you may not be able to use certain features of our websites and services.


2. 5Other similar technologies.


DPAPI (Data Protection Application Programming Interface) is a simple cryptographic application programming interface available as a built-in component in Windows 2000 and later versions of Microsoft Windows operating systems. In theory the Data Protection API can enable symmetric encryption of any kind of data; in practice, its primary use in the Windows operating system is to perform symmetric encryption of asymmetric private keys, using a user or system secret as a significant contribution of {removed hyperref} can help record and store users personal data.


Data Cube is a simple application for record and analyze personal data.


If you choose to reject cookies, as noted above, you may not be able to use certain features of our websites and services.


