


Thank you for visiting the Web site of MRCOOL LLC (MRCOOL). This Privacy Policy contains information about MRCOOLs commitment to your privacy.


NOTE: This Privacy Policy applies only to Web sites operated or controlled by MRCOOL, and not to MRCOOLs offline practices. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the Web sites of other companies, individuals, or organizations to which we may provide hyperlinks or that MRCOOL may be affiliated with but are not directly under MRCOOLs operation or control. These Web sites may have different policies relating to your privacy and the information they collect about you. Visitors should consult the privacy policies of such Web sites, as MRCOOL has no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, third parties.


WHAT INFORMATION DOES MRCOOL COLLECT FROM VISITORS TO ITS WEB SITES? HOW DOES MRCOOL USE THAT INFORMATION?


Our Web site collects two kinds of information from you: (1) personal information that you submit to us; and (2) non-personal information, such as the pages you visited on our Web site and your IP address.


{bullet list}.


{list item} PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.


We collect and use personally identifiable information about you when you submit feedback, questions, applications, warranty forms or requests for information about MRCOOLs products and services, apply for a job or make a purchase. This may include your name, mailing address, telephone number, fax number, e-mail address and other information in order to respond to your inquiries and manage transactions with you. MRCOOL may collect and store the information you choose to provide us to send you information about MRCOOL and our affiliates, including information about our products and services, from time to time. We may also use information about you for internal marketing analysis to better understand our customers and the marketplace.


{list item} NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.


We collect and use non-personally identifiable information about you in the following ways:


{number list}.


{list item} COOKIES.


A cookie is a piece of data placed on your hard drive when you visit our site. Cookies help us track traffic to our Web site, helping us identify what parts of our Web site interest visitors most. In order to give you customized content, we may link cookie information with personally identifiable information but such information expires at the end of each visit to the site. You may set your browser to inform you when cookies are being set before a cookie is stored, not accept cookies at all, and erase all cookies from your hard drive. If you choose to reject or erase cookies, your ability to navigate this Web site may be limited or even prevented.


{list item} REFERRERS, IP ADDRESSES, AND ENVIRONMENTAL VARIABLES.


MRCOOL may also collect information through referrers, IP addresses, and various environmental variables. A referrer is information your web browser passes along to the MRCOOL web server that references the URL of the Web site from which you came. An IP Address is a number used by computers on a network to identify your computer so that data can be transmitted to you. An environmental variable may include, among other things, the domain from which you access the Internet, the time you accessed our Web site, the type of web browser and operating system or platform used, the Internet address or the Web site you left to visit our Web site, the pages you visit while at our site, and the Internet address of the Web site you then visit. MRCOOL may collect IP Address information in order to administer our Web site and to gather broad demographic information.


{list item} INFORMATION SHARING.


We may share personal information that we collect through our Web site with carefully selected third parties, including our affiliates, dealers, distributors, partners and sponsors whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to share information about you in this manner, please see the section below titled, What other choices do I have concerning information collected from me? MRCOOL may also share personally and non-personally identifiable information about you with third parties that help manage our Web site or provide data processing, order fulfillment, or shipping services, or that provide other services on our behalf. As MRCOOL continues to develop its business, we may enter into transactions to sell our assets or to buy or sell subsidiaries or business units. As part of these transactions, personal information covered by this Privacy Policy may be one of the transferred assets. Finally, MRCOOL reserves the right to disclose personal and non-personal information about you if MRCOOL reasonably believes it is required to do so by law, including court order, to protect MRCOOL or the rights of others, or to reduce the risk of credit or other kind of fraud.


{list item} THIRD PARTY LINKS.


This Web site may contain hyperlinks to other Web sites. Additionally, third parties may from time to time provide hyperlinks to our Web site. PLEASE BE AWARE THAT WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENT OR PRACTICES OF ANY THIRD PARTY WEB SITE. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of the Web sites that they visit.


How can I change what promotional communications I receive?


{number list}.


{list item} If you would like to opt-out of receiving promotional e-mail messages from us, please send an e-mail to {removed href} {removed hyperref}. Please include your name and e-mail address in the body of the e-mail and reference Remove on the subject line. Please note that it may take a reasonable period of time for us to process opt out requests.


WHAT OTHER CHOICES DO I HAVE CONCERNING INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH THE WEB SITES?


{number list}.


{list item} If you do not want to us to share information with third parties as described under the heading, Information Sharing, please send an e-mail to {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{list item} CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: If you reside in California and have provided personally identifiable information to us, you may request information about our disclosure of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Such requests must be submitted to us at the following address: 1315 College Street, Clarksville, TN 37040. We will provide a list, within thirty (30) days, of the categories of personal information disclosed during the preceding calendar year, and the names and addresses of the third parties that received the information.


HOW CAN I UPDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PREVIOUSLY PROVIDED TO MRCOOL?


{number list}.


{list item} If you would like to change or modify information you have previously provided to MRCOOL through our Web sites, please send an e-mail to {removed href} {removed hyperref}. Please note that we may not be able to make certain changes for legal reasons or to preserve accurate records of transactions.


How does MRCOOL secure personal information collected through its Web sites?


We employ reasonable security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of personal information we collect through our Web sites.


Children under the age of 13.


Our Web site is not targeted to children under the age of thirteen, and we do not knowingly ask for, collect, or use personally identifiable information from any child under the age of thirteen. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of 13, we will promptly delete the information from our records.


How can I learn about changes to this Privacy Policy?


Take note of the effective date. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will change the date below.


WHERE CAN I GO WITH QUESTIONS?


If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our information practices, please contact us at: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Effective Date: 7/21/2014.


Are you a MRCOOL reseller or installer?


For questions about becoming a reseller or representative call {removed href} 270-366-0457.


{removed href} Sign Up.


