


{removed href} Skip to content {removed href}.


Privacy Policy.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} Privacy Policy.


Privacy Policy.


Any and all personal information collected by us solely used for the purposes of Naxas internal business research and reference. This information will not be allowed to be sold, traded or viewed by any third party, absent (1) your consent to do so, (2) if Naxa needs to share your information in order to provide you with a service that you have requested from Naxa, or (3) when Naxa is required by law or pertinent governmental investigation to disclose such information. Theis information such as name, title, company name, address, telephone number, e-mail addresses, or the like that is voluntarily provide by you through our website or e-mail correspondence or website registration or RMA Claim Filing, including any information related to on-line product registration will be kept completely confidential and only for the purposes of use for Naxa. In the case any information is provided to us about somebody else, such as a spouse or dependent or work colleague, we will assume that you the permission or right to disclose this information to us.


If in the case Naxa were to need and receive your credit card information, Naxa will not store or keep any of this information on their database nor with they share this information with any uninvolved 3rd party. When completing a spare parts order or RMA claim shipping fee, a customer will be directed to our 3rd party credit card processing companys secure page. Customers credit card verification and authorization will be performed on the third party site. Depending on the 3rd party option provided and used the purchase after compeleted will generally be redirected to a Naxa completion page. If in the case you are having trouble with this please contact Naxa directly at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Even though the highest efforts are used to protect customers information, transmissions made by means of the Internet cannot be made absolutely secure and cannot be controlled at times by any measure. Naxa will not be liable for disclosures of your personal information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized use by third parties. It is always best and suggested to maintain all passwords and credit card information via your own secure database. Please note that it is best to never save any passwords or credit information and always make sure to retype it every instance this information is used on the Naxa website.


Naxa Websites may employ cookies to store and sometimes track general, non-personal information about your visits (such as the type of browser you use, the files you request, the domain name, and the city, state and country from which you request information). Cookies, which will be stored in your computers hard drive, allow Naxa to determine the manner and number of internet visits to pages on its Websites, and are designed to help Naxa improve its Websites to better meet your needs. Also Naxa may use URL capture in order to protect both customers and Naxa from malicious credit card and other internet relate fraud and crimes. If you prefer, most internet browsers can be configured to not accept cookies, or to notify you if a cookie is sent to you.


The Naxa website may contain links to other internet sites. As is set forth in our Terms and Conditions, we do not endorse or otherwise accept responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those sites.


IF IN THE CASE the ownership of Naxa is to change and any all information that has been collected may be transferred to the new owner or owning parties.


8 {removed href}.


