


Legal Items.


{removed href} Privacy Policy {removed href} Terms of Service.


Privacy Policy for Nooie Websites.


Effective Date: May 1, 2019.


This Privacy Policy (Policy) describes information that Nooie and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, Nooie we, our or us) collect, use, share and store, including personal information (i. e., information that personally identifies you, such as your name, email address or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably used to infer this information). This Policy details the steps we take to protect your personal information when you use our website ({removed hyperref}), its sub-domains and Nooie Products and Services.


INFORMATION COLLECTION.


Nooie collects information about you when you use our services (including our website and application) in several ways. This information is used to provide users with Nooie products and services, to help Nooie understand how visitors navigate our website, and to provide advertising that is relevant to your interests.


Information you provide: You need to provide your email address to create an account or subscribe to our newsletter. When registering on our website, you need to enter your contact information, such as email address. We provide customer support if you have problems with our products or other inquiries. You need to provide us with information about your use of the website, including your product and contact information.


Device information: In addition to any personal information that you choose to provide us, whenever you browse our website, we automatically collect certain information including your diagnostic log information, IP address, browser type and language, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, landing pages, cookie information, the pages you requested and viewed, the amount of time spent on particular page.


We may collect the following information, including personal information while you are using Nooie products and services as defined in Terms of Services.


Setup information you provide: When installing Nooie products or applications, youll be asked for certain basic information like your email address and device name.


Nooie Cam related information: 1) Environmental data from the Nooie Cams sensor: We collect data from the sensor built into Nooie Cam. The sensor collect data such as device ambient light in the room. By recording this information, Nooie Cam can know whether its dark and it should turn on night vision.


2) Video and audio signals and data: Nooie Cam can help you determine the purpose and the means for which you collect video and audio signals data. If you set up your camera to receive mobile notifications, we may process information from your Nooie Cam to send you alerts when something happens.


Nooie Home related information: 1) Basic information about smart devices: When you use a smart device connected to Nooie Home, we may collect some basic information about the smart device, including device name, device ID, online status, activation time, firmware version and upgrade information.


2) Smart device reporting information: When you use our products, we may collect information reported by your device. For example, a smart outlet might report information about your appliances operating power, current, voltage, etc.


Technical information from the device: In order to improve your experience over time and help troubleshoot any problem you may encounter with our software applications, we record your device model and serial number, software version, and technical information such as Wi-Fi signal strength.


Shared content: We will collect and store information that will allow us to save or share your content at your instruction through the Services.


Nooie products are primarily intended for purely personal or household use. However, data protection and privacy laws in your country may impose certain responsibilities on you and your use of Nooie products. You (not Nooie) are responsible for ensuring that you comply with any applicable laws when you use Nooie products.


COOKIES SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES.


We use cookies and similar technologies to ensure the website works well. Cookies are small date files that store information on your computer, mobile phone or any other device that you use to access the website, and is generally used for authentication and tracking. Session cookies are deleted after you close your web browser or mobile application, while persistent cookies remain in your device, even after you close your browser or mobile application.


Cookies allow our website to remember your settings such as language, font size on your computer or mobile device, or other browser preferences. This means that a user does not need to reset preferences for every visit. On the contrary, if cookies are not used, our website will treat you as a new visitor every time you load a web page and you need to log in again.


Nooie will not use cookies for any purposes not stated in this Policy. You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on you browser. When you use a web browser to access the Nooie website, you can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is sent.


If you want to learn more about cookies and their functions generally, you can visit an informational website.


HOW NOOIE USES THE COLLECTED INFORMATION.


We use the collected information to provide, develop, and improve Nooie Products and Services, including evaluations and recommendations for product safety. We may use your contact information to send you this information, or to ask you to participate in a survey about your Nooie use and to send you other communications from Nooie.


We may also use this information in an undetermined form for research purposes and help us do marketing, and make other business decisions.


We may use a service provider to perform some of these functions. These service providers may not share your information for any other purpose.


We use industry standard methods to ensure the security of this information when it is transmitted to our servers over the home network and the Internet. Depending on your location and data type, Nooie may process your personal information on servers in your country.


The collected information may be used in one of the following ways:


To understand how people use our Products and Services;


To conduct research to improve our Services for users and benefit the public;


To send you direct marketing and other communications from Nooie;


To prevent damage to Nooie, the rights, property and safety of our users and the public;


To detect, prevent or otherwise resolve fraud, abuse, security or technical issues with our Services;


To maintain and improve the integrity of our computing systems and protect users data security;


To enforce legal claims, including investigations that may violate applicable Terms of Service.


To provide and improve Nooie Products and Services: we provide customer support and improve our services. We use your information to respond to you when you contact us. We use cookies to customize the our services;


To promote the security of the website: we verify accounts to ensure that our website is used legally by investigating suspicious activities or violations of our Terms of Service;


To send periodic emails: we will send you the email containing the information like company news, updates or related products, etc. You can unsubscribe anytime at the bottom of each email;


To provide advertising and business information: we may advertise our own and third-party products based on the products you have installed, accessed, used, and purchased. You may receive marketing information that may contain content that may be of interest to you. As we do not want to spam you, you can manage these communications. We will respect your choices.


THE LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING INFORMATION.


If the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies to your processing of information, we will process your information in accordance with the following legal basis for the purposes described in the Policy.


When we provide Products or Services.


We process your data to provide and support your Products or Services as required by the contract, including but not limited to the provision of our Terms of Service.


When we pursue legitimate interests.


We will process your information in accordance with legitimate interests and third party interests, and use appropriate safeguards to protect your privacy. This means we will process your information, for example:


When we comply with legal obligations.


We will process your data when we have legal obligations to do so, for example, if we are responding to a legal proceeding or an enforceable government request. With your consent, we will process your information for a specific purpose and grant you the right to withdraw the consent at any time.


Under what circumstances Nooie will share your information.


Under no circumstance will we share personal information for any commercial or marketing purposes unrelated to the activation and delivery of Nooie Products and Services without your consent. We do NOT rent or sell our customer list.


With your permission: We may share personal information after obtaining your permission, for example, when you invite other users to access products in your account as other authorized users.


For legal reasons: We will share personal information with third parties if we believe that (i) any applicable laws, regulations, legal procedures or enforceable government requirements are reasonably necessary; (ii) enforce Nooie policies or contracts, which include investigating possible violations; (iii) detect, prevent or otherwise resolve fraud, security or technical issues; and (iv) prevent any harm to the rights, property or safety of Nooie, our users or the public, as required or permitted by law.


HOW NOOIE DISCLOSES PERSONAL INFORMATION.


Nooie shares your personal information with other partners, as described in this Policy, when services are provided by partners authorized by Nooie. For example, when you make an online purchase from our website, we must share your personal data with the logistics provider to arrange shipment or a partner to provide services.


We will process your data when we have legal obligations to do so, for example, if we are responding to a legal proceeding or an enforceable government request.


With your consent, we will process your information for a specific purpose and grant you the right to withdraw the consent at any time.


INFORMATION SECURITY.


Keeping secure personal information that we collect is of great concern to us. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. We restrict access to personal information to our employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. No network can claim to be 100 secure. When you provide information to our website, you do so at your own risk.


YOUR CHOICE.


When you use some web functions like registering an account or signing up to participate in an event, we will ask you to accept and agree to this Policy. You may withdraw your consent to collect, use, and/or disclose your personal information held or controlled by us by submitting a request.


Many web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can manually modify your browsers setting to delete cookies if you prefer. You may also render some web beacons unusable by rejecting or removing their associated cookies. If you do not wish us to send periodic emails, you can unsubscribe anytime as described below.


Nooie will store your personal information on Nooies servers until you delete or edit it.


HOW TO DELETE INFORMATION FROM NOOIE.


Nooie will store your personal information on Nooies servers until you delete or edit it. You can delete your account and personal information by contacting us at {removed hyperref}.


MINORS.


Only persons aged 18 years and older are allowed to be the Owner of the Nooie Account. Authorized users must be at least 18 years of age (or the same minimum age in the jurisdiction in which they reside) and may use Products and Services under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian, and only if they agree to be bound by these terms on your behalf. Nooie Products and Services do not knowingly collect or store any personal information from anyone under the age of 18.


THIRD-PARTY LINKS.


Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.


CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY.


Please note that the Policy may change from time to time. We will provide any notice of change on the website or by contacting you.


CONTACT US.


If you have any questions, please contact us by email: {removed hyperref}.


US Dollar (USD) British Pound (GBP) Euro (EUR) Canadian Dollar (CAD) USD.


{number list}.


{list item} US Dollar (USD).


{list item} British Pound (GBP).


{list item} Euro (EUR).


{list item} Canadian Dollar (CAD).


