


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} PRIVACY POLICY.


Privacy Policy.


{removed href} {removed href}.


We at Obbo Pte Ltd (OBBO), take our responsibilities, where applicable, under EUs General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR), seriously. We also recognize the importance of the personal data you have entrusted to us and believe that it is our responsibility to properly manage, protect and process your personal data.


This Data Protection Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use, disclose and/or process the personal data you have provided to us, as well as to assist you in making an informed decision before providing us with any of your personal data.


If you, at any time, have any queries on this policy or any other queries in relation to how we may manage, protect and/or process your personal data, please do not hesitate to contact our Data Protection Officer (the DPO) at {removed href} {removed hyperref} {removed href}.


1. INTRODUCTION TO THE GDPR.


1. 1. Personal Data is defined under the GDPR to mean data, whether true or not, about an individual who can be identified from that data, or from that data and other information to which an organisation has or is likely to have access. Common examples of personal data could include names, identification numbers, contact information, medical records, photographs and video images.


1. 2. We will collect your personal data in accordance with the GDPR. We will notify you of the purposes for which your personal data may be collected, used, disclosed and/or processed, as well as obtain your consent for the collection, use, disclosure and/or processing of your personal data for the intended purposes, unless an exception under the law permits us to collect and process your personal data without your consent.


2. PURPOSES FOR COLLECTION, USE, DISCLOSURE AND PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA.


2. 1. The personal data which we collect from you may be collected, used, disclosed and/or processed for various purposes, depending on the circumstances for which we may/will need to process your personal data, including:


2. 1. 1. evaluating and/or processing your booking/reservation whereby you will be given access to possible rewards, discounts, privileges, promotions, offers, services and/or products, offered by OBBO, OBBOs related corporations or associated companies, as well as partners, merchants and/or third party organisations with whom OBBO may collaborate, partner or tie up with (OBBOs related corporations or associated companies, as well as partners, merchants and/or third party organisations with whom OBBO may collaborate, partner or tie up shall be referred to as OBBO Partners);


2. 1. 2. administering, dealing and/or managing booking/reservation with OBBO including but not limited to administering and dealing with your booking/reservation, sharing your personal data with OBBO Partners to administer and deal with your booking, contacting you through various modes of communication such as via phone/voice call, text message and/or fax message, email and/or postal mail for such purposes, dealing in any matters relating to your purchase (including the mailing of correspondence, statements, information, invoices, or notices to you, which could involve disclosure of certain personal data about you to bring about delivery of the same), performing internal administrative, operational and technology tasks for the said purposes, storage and/or backup of your personal data;


2. 1. 3. providing and sending you marketing, advertising and/or promotional information and materials relating to your purchases as well as products, and/or services that OBBO or OBBO Partners may be selling, marketing, offering and/or promoting, via various modes of communication such as (a) postal mail to your postal address(es) and/or electronic transmission to your email address(es) (based on our records that we have of your postal address(es) and email address(es) or any new or amended postal or email address(es) that you may provide us with from time to time) and (b) via telephone/voice calls, SMS/MMS and/or facsimile to your telephone number(s) (based on our records that we have of your telephone number(s) or any new telephone number(s) that you may provide us with from time to time) with such telephone/voice calls, SMS/MMS and/or facsimile being sent in accordance with EUs General Data Protection Regulation;


2. 1. 4. dealing with or facilitating customer service, carrying out your instructions, or dealing with or responding to any enquiries given by you or on your behalf;


2. 1. 5. complying with or as required by any applicable law, governmental or regulatory requirements of any relevant jurisdiction, including meeting the requirements to make disclosure under the requirements of any law binding on OBBO or on OBBOs related corporations or associated companies and for the purposes of any guidelines issued by regulatory or other authorities, whether in Singapore or elsewhere, with which OBBO or OBBOs related corporations or associated companies is/are expected to comply;


2. 1. 6. producing statistics and research for internal and statutory reporting and/or record-keeping requirements;


2. 1. 7. conducting research, analysis and development activities (including but not limited to data analytics, surveys, product and service development and/or profiling) to improve OBBOs services or products and/or to enhance your purchasing experience, via various modes of communication such as (a) postal mail to your postal address(es) and/or electronic transmission to your email address(es) (based on our records that we have of your postal address(es) and email address(es) or any new or amended postal or email address(es) that you may provide us with from time to time) and (b) via telephone/voice calls, SMS/MMS and/or facsimile to your telephone number(s) (based on our records that we have of your telephone number(s) or any new telephone number(s) that you may provide us with from time to time) with such telephone/voice calls, SMS/MMS and/or facsimile being sent in accordance with EUs General Data Protection Regulation; and.


2. 1. 8. any other purposes which we notify you of at the time of obtaining your consent.


(collectively, the PURPOSES).


As the purposes for which we may/will collect, use, disclose or process your personal data depend on the circumstances at hand, such purpose may not appear above. However, we will notify you of such other purpose at the time of obtaining your consent, unless processing of your personal data without your consent is permitted by the GDPR or by law.


2. 2. In order to conduct our business operations more smoothly, we may also be disclosing the personal data you have provided to us to our third party service providers, agents and/or our affiliates or related corporations, and/or other third parties whether sited in Singapore or outside of Singapore, for one or more of the above-stated Purposes. Such third party service providers, agents and/or affiliates or related corporations and/or other third parties would be processing your personal data either on our behalf or otherwise, for one or more of the above-stated Purposes.


3. SPECIFIC ISSUES FOR THE DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA TO THIRD PARTIES.


3. 1. We respect the confidentiality of the personal data you have provided to us.


3. 2. In that regard, we will not disclose your personal data to third parties without first obtaining your consent permitting us to do so. However, please note that we may disclose your personal data to third parties without first obtaining your consent in certain situations, including, without limitation, the following:


3. 2. 1. cases in which the disclosure is required or authorized based on the applicable laws and/or regulations;


3. 2. 2. cases in which the purpose of such disclosure is clearly in your interests, and if consent cannot be obtained in a timely way;


3. 2. 3. cases in which the disclosure is necessary to respond to an emergency that threatens the life, health or safety of yourself or another individual;


3. 2. 4. cases in which the disclosure is necessary for any investigation or proceedings;


3. 2. 5. cases in which the personal data is disclosed to any officer of a prescribed law enforcement agency, upon production of written authorisation signed by the head or director of that law enforcement agency or a person of a similar rank, certifying that the personal data is necessary for the purposes of the functions or duties of the officer;


3. 2. 6. cases in which the disclosure is to a public agency and such disclosure is necessary in the public interest; and/or.


3. 2. 7. where such disclosure without your consent is permitted by the GDPR or by law.


3. 3. Where we disclose your personal data to third parties with your consent, we will employ our best efforts to require such third parties to protect your personal data.


4. REQUEST FOR ACCESS AND/OR CORRECTION OF PERSONAL DATA.


4. 1. You may request to access and/or correct the personal data currently in our possession or control by submitting a written request to us. We will need enough information from you in order to ascertain your identity as well as the nature of your request, so as to be able to deal with your request. Hence, please contact our contact number at 65 9145 9077.


4. 2. For a request to access personal data, once we have sufficient information from you to deal with the request, we will seek to provide you with the relevant personal data within 30 days. Where we are unable to respond to you within the said 30 days, we will notify you of the soonest possible time within which we can provide you with the information requested. Note that the GDPR exempts certain types of personal data from being subject to your access request.


4. 3. For a request to correct personal data, once we have sufficient information from you to deal with the request, we will:


4. 3. 1. correct your personal data within 30 days. Where we are unable to do so within the said 30 days, we will notify you of the soonest practicable time within which we can make the correction. Note that the GDPR exempts certain types of personal data from being subject to your correction request as well as provides for situation(s) when correction need not be made by us despite your request; and.


4. 3. 2. subject to paragraph 4. 4, we will send the corrected personal data to every other organisation to which the personal data was disclosed by OBBO within a year before the date the correction was made, unless that other organisation does not need the corrected personal data for any legal or business purpose.


4. 4. Notwithstanding paragraph 4. 3(b), we may, if you so consent, send the corrected personal data only to specific organisations to which the personal data was disclosed by us within a year before the date the correction was made.


4. 5. We may also be charging you a reasonable fee for the handling and processing of your requests to access your personal data. We will provide you with a written estimate of the fee we will be charging. Please note that we are not required to respond to or deal with your access request unless you have agreed to pay the fee.


5. REQUEST TO WITHDRAW CONSENT.


5. 1. You may withdraw your consent for the collection, use and/or disclosure of your personal data in our possession or under our control by contacting us at {removed hyperref}.


5. 2. We will process your request within a reasonable time from such a request for withdrawal of consent being made, and will thereafter not collect, use and/or disclose your personal data in the manner stated in your request.


5. 3. However, your withdrawal of consent could result in certain legal consequences arising from such withdrawal. In this regard, depending on the extent of your withdrawal of consent for us to process your personal data, it may mean that we will not be able to continue with your existing relationship with us.


6. ADMINISTRATION AND MANAGEMENT OF PERSONAL DATA.


6. 1. We will take reasonable efforts to ensure that your personal data is accurate and complete, if your personal data is likely to be used by OBBO to make a decision that affects you, or disclosed to another organisation. However, this means that you must also update us of any changes in your personal data that you had initially provided us with. We will not be responsible for relying on inaccurate or incomplete personal data arising from you not updating us of any changes in your personal data that you had initially provided us with.


6. 2. We will also put in place reasonable security arrangements to ensure that your personal data is adequately protected and secured. Appropriate security arrangements will be taken to prevent any unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, leakage, loss, damage and/or alteration of your personal data. However, we cannot assume responsibility for any unauthorized use of your personal data by third parties which are wholly attributable to factors beyond our control.


6. 3. We will also put in place measures such that your personal data in our possession or under our control is destroyed and/or anonymized as soon as it is reasonable to assume that (i) the purpose for which that personal data was collected is no longer being served by the retention of such personal data; and (ii) retention is no longer necessary for any other legal or business purposes.


6. 4. Where your personal data is to be transferred out of Singapore, we will comply with the GDPR in doing so. In this regard, this includes us obtaining your consent unless an exception under the GDPR or law applies, and taking appropriate steps to ascertain that the foreign recipient organisation of the personal data is bound by legally enforceable obligations to provide to the transferred personal data a standard of protection that is at least comparable to the protection under the Act. This may include us entering into an appropriate contract with the foreign recipient organisation dealing with the personal data transfer or permitting the personal data transfer without such a contract if the GDPR or law permits us to.


7. COMPLAINT PROCESS.


7. 1. If you have any complaint or grievance regarding about how we are handling your personal data or about how we are complying with the GDPR, we welcome you to contact us with your complaint or grievance.


7. 2. Please contact us through one of the following methods with your complaint or grievance:


7. 2. 1. Singapore telephone number: 65 8766 5773.


7. 2. 2. E-mail: {removed href} {removed hyperref} (Attention to the Data Protection Officer).


7. 2. 3. Office address: 1 Kallang Junction, Vanguard Building, Level 6, Singapore 339263 (Attention to the Data Protection Officer).


7. 3. Where it is an email or a letter through which you are submitting a complaint, your indication at the subject header that it is a GDPR complaint would assist us in attending to your complaint speedily by passing it on to the relevant staff in our organisation to handle. For example, you could insert the subject header as GDPR Complaint.


7. 4. We will strive to deal with any complaint or grievance that you may have speedily and fairly.


8. GENERAL INFORMATION.


8. 1. As part of our efforts to ensure that we properly manage, protect and process your personal data, we will be reviewing our policies, procedures and processes from time to time.


8. 2. We reserve the right to amend the terms of this Data Protection Policy at our absolute discretion. Any amended Data Protection Policy will be posted on our website and can be viewed at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


8. 3. You are encouraged to visit the above website from time to time to ensure that you are well informed of our latest policies in relation to personal data protection.


8. 4. This Policy is to be read together with our Terms of Use and applies to all products and services provided by OBBO thereunder.


8. 5. In the event of any inconsistencies or discrepancies between the English version and other translated versions of this Terms of Use, the English version shall prevail.


Last updated 25 May 2018.


I agree to the {removed href} Terms of Use, {removed href} Privacy Policy and {removed href} Cookie Policy Confirm.


If you have an account, sign in with your email address. Business Email Password Sign In {removed href} Forgot Your Password? Dont have an account? {removed href} Sign Up.


If you have an account, sign in with your email address. Business Email Password Sign In {removed href} Forgot Your Password? Dont have an account? {removed href} Sign Up.


Copyright 2021 Obbo Pte. Ltd. All rights reserved.


