


Privacy Policy.


INTRODUCTION.


Offgrid Mindfulness and its parent company, Little Room LLC, respect the privacy of our users.


Our website address is {removed hyperref}.


This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit any of our website properties. Please read this privacy policy carefully.


This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our website and the choices you have associated with that data.


We use your data to provide and improve our service. By using our website, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from our website.


We will review this policy regularly, and we may update it from time to time.


Information We Collect And Use.


We collect personal information about our users in order to provide our products, services, and customer support. Our products, services, and customer support are provided through many platforms including but not limited to: websites, phone apps, email, and telephone. The specific platform and product, service, or support you interact with may affect the personal data we collect.


Information that you specifically give us.


While you use our products and services you may be asked to provide certain types of personal information. This might happen through our website, applications, online chat systems, telephone, paper forms, or in-person meetings. We will give you a Collection Notice at the time, to explain how we will use the personal information we are asking for. The notice may be written or verbal.


We may request, collect, or process the following information:


CONTACT DETAILS full name, address, email address, phone number.


LOCATION DETAILS physical address, billing address.


TECHNICAL DETAILS IP address, browser details, cookie data, time zone settings.


PRODUCT DETAILS well use this to, for example, show you products youve recently viewed.


FINANCIAL INFORMATION credit card or payment details.


USER GENERATED CONTENT comments, support tickets, user messages, website page visits etc.


We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.


Tracking Cookies Data.


We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our website and hold certain information.


Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our services.


You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our website.


Examples of Cookies we use:


SESSION COOKIES: We use Session Cookies to maintain temporary preferences, user info, or settings for our website.


PREFERENCE COOKIES: We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.


SECURITY COOKIES: We use Security Cookies for security purposes.


Use of Data.


Offgrid Mindfulness and Little Room LLC uses the collected data for various purposes:


To provide and maintain our website.


To fulfill and manage purchases, orders, payments, and other transactions related to the website.


To administer sweepstakes, promotions, and contests.


To notify you about changes to our website.


To provide customer support.


To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our website.


To monitor the usage of our website.


To detect, prevent and address technical issues.


To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information.


Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).


If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Offgrid Mindfulness and Little Room LLCs legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.


Offgrid Mindfulness and Little Room LLC may process your Personal Data because:


You have given us permission to do so.


The processing is in our legitimate interests and its not overridden by your rights.


For payment processing purposes.


To comply with the law.


Retention of Data.


Offgrid Mindfulness and Little Room LLC will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.


Offgrid Mindfulness and Little Room LLC will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time (generally 12 months), except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our website, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.


Transfer of Data.


Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.


If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there.


Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.


Offgrid Mindfulness and Little Room LLC will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.


Disclosure of Data Business Transaction.


If Offgrid Mindfulness or Little Room LLC is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.


Disclosure for Law Enforcement.


Under certain circumstances, Offgrid Mindfulness or Little Room LLC may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e. g. a court or a government agency).


Legal Requirements.


Offgrid Mindfulness or Little Room LLC may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:


To comply with a legal obligation.


To protect and defend the rights or property of Offgrid Mindfulness or Little Room LLC.


To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the website.


To protect the personal safety of users of the website or the public.


To protect against legal liability.


Security of Data.


The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100 secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.


Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).


If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Offgrid Mindfulness and Little Room LLC aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.


If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.


In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:


The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.


The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.


The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.


The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.


The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.


The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Offgrid Mindfulness or Little Room LLC relied on your consent to process your personal information.


Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.


Service Providers.


We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (Service Providers), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.


These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.


ANALYTICS.


We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.


GOOGLE ANALYTICS: Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. By default the IP Address information is anonymised and never stored in its original form. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: {removed hyperref}? hlen.


CRAZYEGG: CrazyEgg is a web analytics service that tracks and reports on website traffic. For more information on the privacy practices of CrazyEgg, please visit their privacy web page: {removed hyperref}.


BEHAVIORAL REMARKETING.


Early to Rise Publishing, LLC uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.


GOOGLE ADWORDS: Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: {removed hyperref}.


FACEBOOK: Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc. You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: {removed hyperref} opt-out from Facebooks interest-based ads follow these instructions from Facebook: {removed hyperref}.


PAYMENTS.


We may provide paid products and/or services within the website. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e. g. payment processors).


We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.


The payment processors we work with are:


STRIPE: Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


PAYPAL: Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Links to Other Sites.


Our website may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third partys site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.


We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.


Childrens Privacy.


Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (Children).


We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.


Contact Us.


If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Cheers,


L. R. Laggy.


Owner.


Offgrid Mindfulness.


This website uses cookies to offer a customized user experience and to help understand its traffic better. {removed href} I understand {removed href} Privacy policy {removed href}.


