


Privacy Ring {removed href}.


Your privacy is our priority.


At the core of Ring, and guiding every action we take, is respect for the privacy and security of our neighbors (what we call our customers). This includes giving our neighbors effective, easy-to-use and affordable products and services to help protect their homes. It also means taking extremely seriously the privacy, security and control of their devices and personal information. Below you will find Rings guiding pillars.


{removed href}.


Our Privacy Pillars.


Privacy and security built in.


From the initial idea to the final product, privacy and security are at the core of the decisions we make at Ring.


Customers have control.


Ring provides customers control over whos able to see and access their videos, devices and personal information.


Commitment to transparency.


Were committed to being transparent about our privacy and security practices.


{removed href}.


Video Security.


Keeping your videos safe.


Default video encryption Arrow Icon.


Ring encrypts your videos at rest and in transit by default. Please see the Video Encryption page in Control Center for more information.


Optional Video End-to-End Encryption Arrow Icon.


This additional, advanced encryption option gives you even more control over who can view your videos. {removed href} Learn more.


Secure video storage Arrow Icon.


With a Ring Protect Plan, your videos are securely stored in the cloud and can be deleted at any time. Your videos will be permanently deleted from our servers according to the storage period on your plan. {removed href} Learn more.


Play Icon {removed href}.


Account Security.


Keeping your account secure.


Two-Step Verification Arrow Icon.


This mandatory second layer of verification helps prevent unauthorized access to your Ring account. {removed href} Learn more.


Shared users Arrow Icon.


You choose who to share your account with, and have control over which Ring devices they can access. You can remove any shared user at any time. {removed href} Learn more.


Extra layers of protection Arrow Icon.


You will receive an email notification any time a new device logs into your Ring account. {removed href} Learn more.


Active account protection Arrow Icon.


We take steps to monitor and block any identified potentially unauthorized login attempts into your Ring account.


Play Icon {removed href}.


Control Center.


Youre in control.


Control from one place Arrow Icon.


Control Center allows you to view and control important privacy and security settings from one dashboard in the Ring App. {removed href} Learn more.


Verify your devices Arrow Icon.


See all devices (phones, tablets, computers) that are logged into your Ring account. Click Remove all to force devices to logout.


Manage linked accounts Arrow Icon.


View and manage the services you authorized to link to your Ring account via Ring authentication, like Alexa, and IFTTT. You can remove any individual service, at any time.


Video request notifications Arrow Icon.


Easily opt out of receiving {removed href} video request notifications at any time.


Play Icon {removed href}.


Keeping all your online accounts safe.


CREATE UNIQUE PASSWORDS.


Create unique passwords for your various online accounts. Do not reuse your username and passwords across multiple accounts.


TWO-STEP VERIFICATION.


Two-step verification adds an extra layer of security to your accounts that offer this feature, helping prevent unauthorized access, even if someone has access to your account password. {removed href} Learn More.


ADD A PIN TO YOUR MOBILE PHONE ACCOUNT.


Adding a PIN to your mobile account adds an extra layer of security that helps prevent attackers from taking over your mobile phone account. You can add a PIN from the account security section of your wireless carriers website, or by calling your carriers customer support.


STAY UP-TO-DATE.


New features and security updates are constantly being added to your devices and apps, including your Ring App. So make sure you stay up-to-date with the latest security updates.


WATCH OUT FOR PHISHING SCAMS.


Phishing is when a bad actor attempts to trick you with a fake email or text that claims to be legitimate in order to gain access to your login credentials. If you notice a suspicious email or text that falsely claims to come from Ring, report it to {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


USE A PASSWORD MANAGER.


Password managers help you remember different passwords for multiple accounts. This helps you keep track of all your unique passwords. Password managers are available either as standalone apps, and are also available as extensions to popular browsers like Safari or Chrome.


{removed href}.


Frequently asked questions.


When does Ring record or store my videos? Arrow Icon.


If you do not have a Ring Protect Plan, Ring does not record or store your videos, but you can still view your devices live video stream (Live View).


If you do have a Ring Protect Plan (including a free trial), Ring records and stores videos when motion is detected by your device (including motion detected via Linked Devices), the video doorbell button is pressed, or you initiate Live View. Stored recordings are automatically deleted following the expiration of your Ring Protect Plans applicable storage period. For additional information regarding Rings video storage periods, see {removed href} here.


What about videos Ive created a share link for? Arrow Icon.


When you create a share link for one of your Ring videos, a copy of that video is made in the cloud to facilitate sharing. You can manage your shared videos in the Shared Video Management feature in Control Center in the Ring App and {removed hyperref}. There, you can unshare videos, which deletes the shared copies and makes the videos inaccessible to people with whom you previously shared those links. The original videos in your Ring account, however, are not deleted until you delete them in the Ring App or {removed hyperref} or they reach the expiration of your Ring Protect Plans applicable storage period.


How can I access and view my recordings? Arrow Icon.


If you have a Ring Protect Plan (including a free trial), you can access your stored recordings, download them, manually delete them one by one or delete them all at once in the Ring app or on {removed hyperref}. Stored recordings are automatically deleted following the expiration of your Ring Protect Plans applicable storage period. For additional information regarding Rings video storage periods, see {removed href} here.


How secure are my recordings? Arrow Icon.


We have taken measures to help secure Ring devices from unauthorized access. These measures include restricting installation of third-party applications on the device, rigorous security reviews, software security development requirements, and encryption of communication between Ring devices with services such as AWS cloud storage services. Ring secures video recordings in transit and stores them on secure AWS servers. We use a combination of AES encryption (Advanced Encryption Standard) and TLS (Transport Layer Security) to secure data between Ring devices and AWS, and we encrypt data between Ring devices using AES encryption, TLS and SRTP (Secure Real Time Protocol).


Who can view my recordings? Arrow Icon.


Youre in control of who you grant video access to. You can add Shared Users to your account, who will then be able to view and download video recordings on the account. You can also share video recordings via text or email by creating a share link to the recording. After a share link has been created, the video recording may be viewed and downloaded by anyone with the share link ID. Additionally, you can make your videos publicly available by posting them on the Internet (including by posting them to the public social media app Neighbors by Ring).


Why should I add Shared Users? Arrow Icon.


Shared Users allow you to share device access with family, roommates, and others without sharing your login credentials. Shared Users can answer and receive alerts, view video recordings, and modify their personal alert settings, but they cannot delete videos, delete devices, or change device settings.


For help adding someone as a Shared User, please click {removed href} here.


If I request Rings assistance with troubleshooting my device or video recordings, will Ring view my video recordings? Arrow Icon.


If you are having issues with your device or video recordings, you can request assistance from Ring community support agents. Depending on the issue, they may request permission from you to view your video recordings in connection with troubleshooting the issues. You choose whether to provide Ring with limited, short-term access to view your video recordings, solely to troubleshoot the issues. These video recordings are not viewed, shared, or used by Ring for any other purpose.


Does Ring view recordings for research and development? Arrow Icon.


A small number of video recordings are viewed by our research and development team to improve Rings products, services and technology. These video recordings are either from users who have made them publicly available (by posting them on Neighbors or otherwise on the Internet), or from users, team members and their friends and family who have given us explicit permission to use them for this purpose (which they may revoke at any time).


Does Ring share video recordings or other personal information with law enforcement agencies? Arrow Icon.


In response to requests from law enforcement agencies, Ring will not disclose video recordings or other personal information of a user unless: (1) the user consents, (2) necessary to comply with the law, such as a valid warrant, or (3) there is an emergency involving imminent danger of death or serious physical injury to a person and there is insufficient time to obtain a court order. Ring objects to overbroad or otherwise inappropriate law enforcement demands as a matter of course. Unless prohibited from doing so or Ring has clear indication of illegal conduct in connection with the use of Ring products or services, Ring notifies users before disclosing personal information, including user videos, to a law enforcement agency. For additional information, see our {removed href} law enforcement guidelines.


Does Ring give law enforcement agencies direct access to a users personal information? Arrow Icon.


No, Ring does not provide law enforcement agencies with direct access, or any sort of back door access, to a users personal information, including videos. Before sharing user information (including videos) in response to legal requests, Ring requires law enforcement agencies send a written request for personal information (e. g., subpoenas, search warrants or court orders) to Ring directly. For additional information, see our law enforcement guidelines.


If I use the Neighbors App, does that give Ring team members the right to view all of my video recordings? Arrow Icon.


No. Ring team members, similar to other members of the general public, can only view the video recordings that you have elected to make publicly available by posting them on the Neighbors App (or otherwise on the Internet).


Can Ring team members activate and view my live stream? Arrow Icon.


No. Ring team members cannot activate and view live streams from your Ring device without your explicit consent.


Does Ring sell personal information to third parties? Arrow Icon.


No.


What is Rings stance on facial recognition technology? Arrow Icon.


Ring does not use facial recognition technology in any of its devices or services, and will neither sell nor offer facial recognition technology to law enforcement.


PRIVACY NOTICE.


Take a more detailed look at our privacy notice by clicking {removed href} here.


ACCESS TO OR DELETION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.


You may have the right under applicable law to request information about the collection of your personal information by Ring, or access to or deletion of your personal information. If you wish to do so, please visit {removed href} here or contact {removed href} Customer Service. Depending on your choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.


UNSUBSCRIBING.


If youd like to opt-out of marketing and other non-transactional communications from Ring, email {removed href} {removed hyperref} or click the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of an email youve received from Ring. You will not be able to opt out of important or transactional communications from us, for example, billing confirmations and reminders, device updates, security-related communications, and service announcements. See our {removed href} Privacy Notice for more information.


COOKIE POLICY.


View our cookie policy by clicking {removed href} here.


If you have any questions or concerns, please email us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


