


{removed href} RIVA AUDIO.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} HOME.


{list item} {removed href} SUPPORT.


{list item} {removed href} CONTACT.


{removed href} RIVA PRIVACY POLICY.


2 Expect, LLC. and its group companies (2 Expect, RIVA Audio, RIVA, we, us and our) are committed to protecting the privacy of our website visitors, customers, business partners, and end users. 2 Expect and RIVA provide service to users throughout the world. 2 Expect is the data controller for your information with the exception of processing activities in relation to product support, product analysis and development activities outside of the United States of America as supplied by our authorized third parties. We will be clear about the data we collect and why we are collecting it. We protect your data and will not sell it to third parties.


The purpose of this privacy policy statement is to explain the type of information RIVA collects, either directly or indirectly, how we collect it, what we use it for and how users (each, a User) can restrict the use or disclosure of personally identifiable information collected.


(1) when you visit a RIVA-controlled website (Website(s)),


(2) when you use any/all products offered by RIVA (RIVA product(s), including our RIVA apps (RIVA Audio app, RIVA WAND app, RIVA Turbo app, RIVA app or app(s)),


(3) while involved in an offline interaction including a RIVA event (collectively referred to as, event(s)) or.


(4) when you speak with RIVA Customer Support.


The purpose of collecting your data is to improve your experience with RIVA products, apps, websites and our renowned customer support team so you can enjoy your favorite music even more.


This Statement includes:


{number list}.


{list item} What Information We Collect About You.


{list item} Childrens Privacy.


{list item} How We Use the Information We Collect.


{list item} How Personal Information May Be Shared.


{list item} The Legal Basis for Using Personal Information.


{list item} Security, Storage and Retention of Personal Information.


{list item} Your Rights and Choices.


{list item} Our Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies.


{list item} Changes to Our Privacy Statement.


{list item} How to Contact Us.


Please read this privacy policy carefully to understand how we handle your information. If you do not agree with the policy, please do not use the services we provide.


WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU.


INFORMATION YOU VOLUNTEER: We collect information you voluntarily provide us when you register a RIVA Product on our Websites, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or RIVA Nation, respond to a survey or fill out a form.


INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY: We automatically collect information about you, such as usage or functional data about your use of RIVA products or information collected by using cookies and similar technologies when you use, interact with or access us via our Websites or apps.


We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our website or apps. Non-personal identification information may include the browser type, the type of device, install or uninstall of our apps and technical information about Users means of accessing our Websites and apps, such as the operating system and version, the Internet service providers utilized, webpages you have viewed on our Websites, IP address, general geographic location as indicated by the IP address, and how you interact with content on our Websites and apps. Sometimes we, or our service providers, may use the information we collect to try to locate similar unique users across multiple browsers or devices, such as smartphones, tablets, or computers, or work with providers who do this, in order to better tailor their content and provide a seamless experience across devices. If you wish to opt out of cross device tracking for the purpose of interest-based advertising, you may do so through your Android or Apple device-based settings.


INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM OTHER SOURCES: RIVAs Websites may contain links to other websites that are operated by third parties. RIVA does not share your personal information with those websites, nor are we responsible for the privacy practices employed by websites linked to or from our Websites. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Websites, are subject to that websites own terms and policies.


CONNECTED RIVA PRODUCTS: If you connect your RIVA products to the Internet or a RIVA app, we may automatically receive information from our Products about how you use them. This information includes:


{number list}.


{list item} Technical data, such as your product serial number or model number, device operating system version, MAC address(es), Wi-Fi signal strength, firmware version, IP address, SSIDs, log files, durations, service tokens, Internet connection type and carrier, and unique identifiers associated with the computer, tablet, or mobile device used in connection with the RIVA product.


{list item} Usage data, such as time spent using different features/settings of the Product, the day and time you used the Product, button presses, the media and other external sources to which you connect your product, and, as applicable, your products power spectrum, sound pressure level, volume levels, and streaming information, time zone, and transactional data enabling digital rights management (e. g., for music content providers to give appropriate credit to artists depending on how often their content is played).


{list item} Service tokens containing authentication information that enables delivery of third-party content to your RIVA product (e. g., to synch your connected Products to your Spotify account each time you use them).


{list item} Diagnostic data, such as battery life, the quality of the wireless connection, and error logs); and.


{list item} Environmental data (e. g., noise level and audio frequencies).


CHILDRENS PRIVACY.


Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important to RIVA. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our websites from those we actually know are under sixteen (16) without parental consent, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under sixteen (16). If we discover, following the notification or a parent or guardian or by other means, that a child under the age of sixteen (16) is registered on our site by using false information, we will cancel the childs account and delete the childs personally identifiable information from our records.


HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT.


When Users supply information about themselves for a specific purpose, RIVA uses the information for that purpose (such as to provide the information the visitor has requested or to consider a visitor for a particular job). When visitors use our website to order products, or to request information about them, we may use the individual information as we would use the same information obtained offline for example, to evaluate your needs and contact you regarding additional products, information or services that we believe you may find useful. You have the right to choose not to receive this information by notifying us of your preference.


DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION: We do not sell individual information obtained on-line about our visitors or Users. And, we will not disclose the personal information you provide to us via the Websites to parties unaffiliated with RIVA unless you specifically authorize it, we believe it is reasonably required by law or we believe that disclosure is reasonably required to protect the safety of customers, employees or property.


THIRD PARTIES: RIVA uses a variety of third-party contractors to perform services such as website management and hosting, online product purchases and shipping, credit card processing and email and digital marketing. In such instances, your personal information may be shared with these agents or contractors but only for the purpose of performing services on behalf of RIVA and in accordance with this privacy policy. In addition, if RIVA gets acquired by another company, your personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred to the successor company.


OPT OUT OPPORTUNITY: We will always give you the opportunity to opt out of receiving direct marketing information. This means we assume you have given us your consent to collect and use your information in accordance with this policy unless you take affirmative action to indicate that you do not consent, for instance by clicking or checking the appropriate option or box at the point of collection. In some cases, when applicable, we will provide you with the opportunity to opt in. This means we will require your affirmative action to indicate your consent before we use your information for purposes other than the purpose for which it was submitted.


Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:


{number list}.


{list item} To personalize user experience.


{list item} To improve our Website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.


{list item} To improve customer service by more effectively responding to your customer service requests and support needs.


{list item} To process transactions.


{list item} To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other Website feature.


{list item} To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.


{list item} To send periodic emails.


RESEARCHING RIVA AUDIO.


As you learn more about RIVA Audio, you may find yourself visiting us at RIVA Events, browsing our Websites or calling our Customer Support Team. You may voluntarily provide your name and email address or other personal information during these engagements. When visiting our Websites, you may visit anonymously and we may collect information about you online using cookies or similar technologies. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identifiable information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Website related activities.


When researching RIVA Audio in these capacities, we may collect the following:


{number list}.


{list item} First and Last Name.


{list item} IP Address.


{list item} Email Address.


{list item} Information Provided by Cookies or Similar Technologies.


RIVA does not send unsolicited email (spam). We may use email to communicate with our visitors, to respond to visitors emails, to confirm orders placed online, and to send information that a visitor has requested. If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can reply to the email to ask not to receive future emails. RIVA provides an unsubscribe function in its email campaigns in order for subscribers to opt out of further email communications from us.


WHY WE COLLECT THIS: IP addresses allow us to better understand geographic information about our Websites visitors so we can provide an even better experience for visitors to our Websites. Email addresses allow us to share with you the latest news about RIVA Products, press and news. This is our sincere interest to process your personal data for these purposes.


PURCHASING RIVA PRODUCTS.


Users can purchase RIVA Audio Products directly from us at {removed hyperref} and {removed hyperref}/. We do not ship outside of the United States.


When purchasing a RIVA product, we will collect the following information:


{number list}.


{list item} First and Last Name.


{list item} Company Name (Optional).


{list item} Email Address.


{list item} Shipping Address.


{list item} Billing Address (If different from Shipping Address.).


{list item} Company Name (Optional).


{list item} Credit Card Number.


{list item} Credit Card Cardholder Name.


{list item} Credit Card Expiration Date.


The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.


Note: If at any time User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.


WHY WE COLLECT THIS: This information is utilized to complete the purchase, communicate with you updates about your order, follow up about the purchase, assist with delivery or returns and the items related to the purchase. Note: We DO NOT store any payment or credit card information. This payment information is only used as it related to the purchase of RIVA Products.


REGISTERING RIVA PRODUCTS.


There are different levels of information that may be provided by you and/or your RIVA products, depending on how much information you wish to provide.


DECLINE TO REGISTER: If you decline to register your RIVA products with us, no personally identifiable information will be transmitted.


REGISTER YOUR RIVA PRODUCTS: If you register your RIVA product with us, we will collect the following information:


{number list}.


{list item} First and Last Name.


{list item} Email Address (that becomes associated with the product serial number).


{list item} Email Address.


{list item} Shipping Address.


{list item} RIVA product serial number(s) (located on the bottom of the product or side of the product box).


{list item} Zip/postal code.


{list item} Country of Residence.


{list item} Birthdate (optional).


{list item} Password: This password is stored using one-way hash. This means that it can not be recovered or disclosed by anyone, including RIVA.


RIVA does not send unsolicited email (spam). We may use email to communicate with our Product owners, to respond to visitors emails, and to send information that a visitor has requested. If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can reply to the email to ask not to receive future emails. RIVA provides an unsubscribe function in its email campaigns in order for subscribers to opt out of further email communications from us.


WHY WE COLLECT THIS: We collect this information to allow our customer support team to better support you in the case of product inquiries or warranty issues. This registration is necessary to support the Agreement we have with you. We may use your email to send you RIVA updates, notifications including promotions, firmware updates, software updates, information about RIVA Products, news and press reviews and Product offerings. This is our sincere interest to process your personal data for these purposes.


SUPPORT FROM RIVA AUDIO.


You may choose to contact the RIVA Customer Support Team for help with your RIVA Products. So our team may offer you the best service and support, we may collect certain information from you including your name, email address, phone number, shipping address, product serial numbers, social media identifiers (when using social media channels such as Facebook, Twitter and other channels to communicate with us), content of chats and voice messages to our Customer Support Team and device information including operating system and versions of RIVA or third-party apps being used.


WHY WE COLLECT THIS: This information is collected to provide you the best customer support possible. If you contact RIVA Customer Support, we use contact information to respond to you in your preferred channel such as email, phone or social media. For product returns, exchanges or warranty repairs, we use contact information to ensure successful receipt and/or delivery. For technical inquiries, device information (described above) allows us to troubleshoot the issue effectively. Using these types of data allows us to better fulfill the agreement we have with you.


SOCIAL MEDIA.


If you connect with us through third-party connections or log-in (e. g., through social media), you may allow us to have access to and store certain information from your social network profile. This may include your name, gender, profile picture, your likes, comments and your list of friends depending on your settings in these services. If you do not wish to have this information shared, do not use a social networking connection to connect with us. Please refer to the privacy policies and terms of use for instructions on how these social media channels use your information or how to modify your privacy settings for the social networking sites.


When you like or follow us on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter or other social media sites, we may collect some information from you including your name, email address and any comments or content you post relevant to us. We also collect your information if you sign up for one of our promotions or submit information to us through social media sites.


DIRECT VOICE CONTROL.


With all of the smart home technology/innovation coming into the market, we realize that our customers may want to control their RIVA Products via a voice-enabled device such as Amazon Alexa or Google Assistant. RIVA Products serve as a transmission device and do not collect personally identifiable information from these devices during the transmission of these voice commands.


COMMUNICATION, MARKETING ADVERTISING.


We use the data we collect to deliver and personalize our communications with you. For example, we may contact you by email or other means of electronic communication (including through the RIVA apps) to inform you about new RIVA Products or Services and security or software updates, to update you on a support issue or to invite you to take part in a survey. This processing is necessary to serve our sincere interest.


We also use cookies and similar technologies to provide the most relevant RIVA advertising to you. For information about managing email subscriptions and promotional communications, please email {removed href} {removed hyperref}. If you prefer not to receive cookies while browsing our website, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you that a cookie is present. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser, although you may not be able to take full advantage of RIVA website if you do so.


We may use third-party web analytics services such as Google Analytics in our marketing to collect and analyze usage information through cookies and similar technologies; engage in auditing, research and reporting; assist with fraud prevention and provide certain features to you. To prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on by {removed href} clicking here.


In addition to cookies, we may use small graphic images known as pixels (also known as web beacons, clear GIFs, or pixel tags). We may use pixels in our email communications to you to help us to understand whether our email communication has been viewed. We also use third-party pixels (such as those from Google, Facebook, and other advertising networks) to help us provide advertising that is relevant to your interests.


To provide this interest-based advertising with third-party parters, the parties combine non-personal data about your online activities collected over time, which help customize advertising we deliver to you. Examples of this may include a RIVA advertisement on a Google-owned page such as a search results page, Facebook, Instagram or YouTube, or on a site within Googles advertising network. We do not share your personal information as part of this process. When necessary, we will obtain your consent to this process. At all times, you can opt out of these personalized ads from third-party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the {removed href} Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the {removed href} Digital Advertising Alliances Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the {removed href} opt-out pages on the NAI websites and {removed href} DAA websites. Opting out may make the ads you see across the internet less relevant to you.


THIRD PARTIES.


We use a variety of third parties to carry out services like websites management and hosting, online Product purchases and shipping, credit card processing and email communications. We only share your personal data as necessary, such as to complete a transaction or to provide a Product or Service you have requested or authorized and only with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this Policy. In this case, your personal information will be shared with these agents or contractors but only for the purpose of performing services on behalf and under instructions of RIVA or 2 Expect and in accordance with this Policy. It is our sincere interest to share information with these parties for these purposes. If you provide personal data to any of those third parties or their products, your data is governed by their privacy statements, and we encourage you to read these privacy statements carefully. For questions about third-party vendors, please send an email to {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


HOW YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE SHARED.


We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding Users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Websites or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share User information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that Users have given us their permission.


THE LEGAL BASIS FOR USING PERSONAL INFORMATION.


There are different legal bases that we rely on to use your personal information, specifically:


Where use of your personal information may be necessary to perform our obligations under the agreement you have with us. For example, to.


{number list}.


{list item} Comply with the terms and conditions of our Websites which you accept by browsing our Websites, registering your RIVA Products or registering for RIVA Nation,


{list item} Complete your purchase of your RIVA Product,


{list item} Register and maintain your account for RIVA Nation,


{list item} Help with delivery issues,


{list item} Handle returns,


{list item} Register your RIVA Products and.


{list item} Make sure that your RIVA Product performs its basic functions in a secure way or to respond to your requests, or.


We may use your personal information for our legitimate interests or for the legitimate interests of others. For example, we rely on our legitimate interest to analyze and improve our RIVA Products and Services, provide security for our Websites, products, software; apps, to send you notifications about software updates or information about RIVA Products and Services or to use your personal information for administrative, fraud detection, legal purposes and to know the User to whom we are providing Services.


Where we process your personal information based on our legitimate interest and no opt-out mechanism is available to you, you may object by sending an email to {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


SECURITY, STORAGE RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Websites.


Sensitive and private data exchange between the Websites and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.


If at any time you would like to make a purchase, but do not want to provide your credit card information online, you may contact a RIVA representative over the telephone at 1-844-GET-RIVA (438-7482). We require our employees to protect the privacy of information about our customers and expect our partners and suppliers to do so as well.


YOUR RIGHTS CHOICES.


UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION: If you have previously provided us with personal information, you may wish to access, edit or remove profile information, change your password, close your account or request deletion of your personal data, you can do it by logging in to your RIVA Nation account or RIVA app, visiting our Websites and utilizing our support application or sending an email to {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


COOKIES TRACKING TECHNOLOGY.


We and our service providers may use cookies to enhance Users experience on our Websites. A Users web browser places cookies, small data files, on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them.


Some parts of the Websites use cookies to track User traffic patterns. We do this to determine the usefulness of our website information to our users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information. In addition, we use cookies as necessary to perform functions specific to a User, such as purchasing a RIVA product or submitting a support request. This also allows us to offer you a more tailored experience in the future, by remembering and understanding a Users particular browsing preference.


If you prefer not to receive cookies while browsing our website, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you that a cookie is present. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser, although you may not be able to take full advantage of RIVA Websites if you do so. For instructions on control cookie settings on popular web browsers, visit:


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Google Chrome.


{list item} {removed href} Internet Explorer.


{list item} {removed href} Safari.


{list item} {removed href} Firefox.


NOTICE OF CHANGES TO THIS POLICY.


RIVA may review and update this privacy policy statement from time to time to reflect customer feedback or changes in RIVA Audio products. When we do, we will revise the last updated date at the bottom of this page. If there are material changes to the Statement, we will notify you by directly sending you the updates or posting on RIVA Nation prior to them taking effect. We invite you to review this statement on a regular basis to learn more about how RIVA is protecting your information.


YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS.


By using these Websites and apps, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Websites or apps. Your continued use of the Websites following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.


CONTACTING US.


Please contact us with any questions regarding our privacy policy or your dealings with these Products, Webites or apps by calling 1 714-427-0086 or email {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Last updated: December 17, 2019.


Review the previous Privacy Policy by {removed href} clicking here.


NOTE: This version of the Privacy Policy has been updated globally to meet the high standard required by the European Unions General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), offering the mandates all of our customers can benefit from. Our privacy statement now reflects this, and we will continue to simplify language and remove jargon, to make our privacy policy easier to understand and read. The {removed href} GDPR is a regulation intended to strengthen and unify data protection for everyone within the European Union (EU). The GDPR requires greater openness and transparency from companies on how they collect, store and use personal data, while also imposing tighter limits on the use of personal data. You can learn more {removed href} here.


