


Privacy Notice.


RolliBot Inc., collects certain information about you when you interact with this website (the RolliBot Website or Site). This Privacy Notice describes how we obtain and treat that information.


SUMMARY.


We collect and use information about you, our Site users, in several ways. We receive information directly from you when you create a RolliBot account or send us email. We also collect information electronically when you browse our Website. There are two types of information, anonymous and personal. Personal information is any information that can be used to identify you individually, such as your name, address, email address, or phone number. You may be asked to provide personal information anytime you are in contact with us. We may share your personal information with our business affiliates, as described in detail below. We and our affiliates may combine your personal information with other information to provide and improve our products, services, and advertising. You are not required to provide any personal information that we request, but if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our services or respond to any questions you might have.


Information Collection, Use and Opting Out.


The types of information that you provide actively and that we collect electronically all depend on your level of engagement with the RolliBot Sites. The higher the level of your engagement, the more information we need to serve you. Currently there are two levels of engagement: Website Visitor (you browse the Website but do not register), and Registered RolliBot Robot Owner or Potential Owner. We have organized the explanation of our information collection and use practices from the lowest level of engagement to the highest.


Level 1: Website Visitor.


{number list}.


{list item} WHAT WE COLLECT. We collect and store from all Website Visitors, as applicable: the internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using, the browser software you use and your operating system, the date and time you access the Site, the internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our Website, and other similar information. We use this information to track usage of our Site, to measure the number of unique visitors to the different sections of our Site and to help us make our Site more useful. The use of this information is called analytics.


{list item} WE USE COOKIES. Like most other websites, we use cookies to store information on your computer. A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your computer. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some Website features may not function properly without cookies. Cookies help us to identify and track users as they travel through our Website. Most browsers accept cookies automatically but allow you to disable them. We recommend that you leave cookies enabled so that we can offer you the best experience on our Website.


{list item} THIRD-PARTY COOKIES FOR WEB SITE USE ANALYSIS. We use third parties such as Google to help us analyze how people are using our Website. We also use the Google Analytics service to provide us with demographic data about our users on an anonymous basis, and that Google service uses a cookie that can be recognized by Google or its affiliate DoubleClick when you visit other websites.


{list item} THIRD-PARTY COOKIES USED TO TARGET ADS TO YOU WHEN YOU ARE ON OTHER WEBSITES. We work with other companies who use their cookies to target RolliBot ads to you on other websites. For example, so long as RolliBot is working with the AdRoll ad network, the AdRoll cookie will inform AdRoll that you visited our Website, and AdRoll may serve vacuum-related ads to you when you visit other websites. This is called behavioral advertising, because you receive ads based on your prior online behavior. Similarly, our Website drops cookies on your browser that are read when you visit Facebook, so that during your visits to the Facebook website you might receive RolliBot advertising based on the pages you visited on our Website.


{list item} DEVICE IDENTIFIERS. When you use a mobile device like a tablet or cell phone to use our Sites, we may assign or access one or more device identifiers. Device identifiers are small data files associated with your mobile device that uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may deliver information to us or a third party partner about how you browse and use our Site and may help us or others provide reports or personalized ads. Some Site features may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled.


{list item} OPTING OUT OF GOOGLE ANALYTICS. To prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, click {removed href} here for instructions.


{list item} OPTING OUT OF GOOGLE ADVERTISING. To opt out of Google behavioral advertising, click {removed href} here to see your Google ad settings.


{list item} OPTING OUT OF ADROLL ADVERTISING. To opt out of AdRoll behavioral advertising, click {removed href} here for instructions.


{list item} OPTING OUT GENERALLY. We do not have access to, nor does this Privacy Notice govern, the use of cookies or other tracking technologies that may be placed on your computer, mobile phone, or other device by non-affiliated, third-party ad technology, ad servers, ad networks or any other non-affiliated third parties. If you would like to learn more about behavioral advertising or to opt out of having this information used by companies that are part of the Network Advertising Initiative to deliver targeted ads, please visit {removed href} {removed hyperref}. Many of the same companies are members of the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. You can learn more and opt out of receiving targeted ads from them at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. Choices you make are both browser and device-specific. This means that if you opt out when using Safari on your computer at work, you will not be opted out on Chrome or on your home computer. Please note that when you opt out of an ad network, you may receive an opt-out cookie so that the network will know not to assign you new cookies in the future. You will continue to receive ads from that network, but not behaviorally targeted ads. If you erase your browsers cookies, you may need to perform this process again.


{list item} DELETING COOKIES. To manage or delete browser cookies, please see your browsers privacy settings.


{list item} FLASH COOKIES. We currently do not use flash cookies, but we may in the future. To manage or delete Flash cookies, please use the Adobe Flash Player Settings Manager here: {removed href} Website Storage Settings panel.


{list item} DO NOT TRACK. Some browsers have a do not track feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. These features are not yet uniform, so we are not currently set up to respond to those signals.


Level 2: Registered Robot Owner or Potential Owner.


{number list}.


{list item} When you create a RolliBot account, register a product, upgrade your software, contact us, or participate in an online survey, we may ask you to provide us with a variety of information, including your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and contact preferences. We may also ask for other information to assist us with new product development.


{list item} We may use cookies to remember your sign-in credentials so you dont have to enter those credentials each time you log on to the RolliBot Website.


{list item} When you create a RolliBot account, you are signing up to receive email from us about software updates, customer surveys, and product research. You will also have the option to sign up to receive email about new RolliBot products and other RolliBot news and offers.


Information Sharing.


We will not disclose your personal information to third parties for their own independent marketing or business purposes without your consent. However,


{number list}.


{list item} We share your personal information with strategic partners that work with RolliBot to provide products and services, for example, our customer service agents.


{list item} We will also share personal information if you have given us permission to do so.


{list item} We will share your personal information if required by law to do so, including in response to legal processes, such as a court order or subpoena, or to comply with other federal, state, or local laws.


We may disclose statistical information to third parties in aggregate form without revealing any personal details about our users (for example, 45 of our Registered Robot Owners own two or more robots).


Opting Out of Email.


If you wish to opt out of being receiving email from us or our agents about our products and services, you may either do so at the time you provide us your contact details, or at any time by:


{bullet list}.


{list item} Using the unsubscribe option included in all our promotional email correspondence, or.


{list item} Email us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} stating that you do not wish to receive such communications.


Linked Websites.


As a service to you, we may provide links to websites operated and controlled by third parties. Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Notice do not apply to information gathered through these other websites and that we are not responsible for the privacy policies, practices or content of these other websites. We encourage you to be aware of when you leave this website and to review the privacy policies of all websites you visit.


California Do-Not-Track disclosure requirements.


We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our Website for third-party purposes, and that is why we provide above the Network Advertising Initiatives Consumer Opt-out link, Digital Advertising Alliances Consumer Opt-Out Link, the Google opt-out link, and the AdRoll opt-out link above. However, we do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals, because the Internet industry is still working on uniform Do Not Track standards.


Children.


We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without parental consent, unless permitted by law. If we learn that a child under the age of thirteen (13) has provided us with personal information, we will delete it in accordance with applicable law.


Business Transitions.


Upon the sale or transfer of the RolliBot Inc., and/or all or part of its assets, your personal information may be among the items sold or transferred. We will request a purchaser to treat our data under the privacy notice in place at the time of its collection.


Security Measures.


RolliBot has put in place reasonable physical and technical measures to safeguard the information we collect about you. However, please note that although we take reasonable steps to protect your information, no website or computer system or wireless connection is completely secure.


International Customers.


Your information may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, RolliBot may transfer your personal information to the United States and process it there. Your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.


Your California Privacy Rights.


California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those parties. If you are a California resident and would like to request this information, please submit your request in an email to {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Changes to this Privacy Policy.


RolliBot reserves the right to change this Privacy Notice at any time to reflect changes in the law, our data collection and use practices, the features of our services, or advances in technology. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes will mean you accept those changes.


Contact Us.


If you have any questions, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{removed href} xpornplease {removed href} pornjk {removed href} porncuze {removed href} porn800 {removed href} porn600 {removed href} tube300 {removed href} tube100 {removed href} watchfreepornsex.


