


Privacy Policy.


HOW DO WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION?


When you register on our site, place an order or subscribe to our newsletter, we collect the personal information that you give us such as your name, address We also automatically receive your computers internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser E-mail marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you e-mails about our store, new products and other updated information.


WHY DO WE SHARE THE INFORMATION WE RECEIVE?


We share the information for the purposes as described below:


1. DO BUSINESS TRANSFERS:


Your information generally helps us to better serve for your individual needs. Whether public or private, without your consent, your information we collected.


2. THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS:


We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf, such as providing Web site services, fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.


3. WITH YOUR CONSENT:


Other than setting out above, you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information by receiving notice when the information about you might go to third parties.


DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?


Your information is protected during transmission by Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.


We offer the use of a secure server. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.


It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Remember to sign off when you finish using a shared computer.


ABOUT SECURITY.


We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.


HOW WE USE COOKIES?


A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computers hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.


We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.


Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.


GOOGLE ANALYTICS.


Google analytics uses cookies to store anonymous data about website user activities, including but not limited to page source, page views, time spent, geo location, search terms, demographic and interest data, and additional data. This data is collected anonymously and stored as a set of numbers, thereby protecting users identity. Using Google Analytics helps us understand what our users are looking for and how they surf our site, allowing us to improve our offerings for our customer base.


QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION.


Your privacy is important to Coredy. So weve developed the Privacy Policy that covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information. If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:


Website: {removed hyperref}.


Email: {removed hyperref}.


