


{removed href}.


{number list}.


{list item} Products Laser RangefinderGPS WatchGPS Performance TrackingAccessories.


{list item} Why Shot Scope? {removed href} WHY SHOT SCOPE? {removed href} Why Shot Scope? {removed href} Superior Course Mapping {removed href} Customer Care.


{list item} Dashboard Apps Dashboard Apps {removed href} App (V2 / V3 products) {removed href} Dashboard (V2 / V3 products) {removed href} Download App.


{list item} {removed href} V3 Reviews.


{list item} {removed href} {removed href} {removed href}.


{list item} Europe.


{number list}.


{list item} Europe Change country.


{list item} REGION: EUROPE SELECT A COUNTRY BELOW TO CHANGE REGION:


{list item} {removed href} Australia.


{list item} {removed href} Canada.


{list item} {removed href} Europe.


{list item} {removed href} Japan.


{list item} {removed href} New Zealand.


{list item} {removed href} United States.


{list item} {removed href} United Kingdom.


{list item} {removed href} Rest of the world.


{list item} {removed href} Login to Dashboard.


{list item} Support {removed href} Support website {removed href} Download User Guides {removed href} Download Apps {removed href} Product Support.


{list item} {removed href} Download Free Golf e-book.


PRIVACY POLICY.


LAST UPDATED: JUNE 2018.


Shot Scope Technologies Limited (SHOT SCOPE/WE/US/OUR) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.


This policy (together with our {removed href} terms of service and terms of sale of goods and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. This policy delineates the types of personal information that the Shot Scope Technologies is likely to collect, the ways in which we collect and process personal information and the rights of data subjects as outlined by General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR, 2018). Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.


For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act) and GDPR, the data controller is Shot Scope Technologies Limited, a company incorporated in Scotland (registered number SC493535) with registered office at Unit 27 Castlebrae Business Centre, 40 Peffer Place, Edinburgh, EH16 4BB, Scotland.


USE OF PRODUCT SERVICES.


Shot Scope Technologies provides online and mobile services (collectively, SERVICES or OUR SERVICES), including website ({removed href} {removed hyperref} or SITE or OUR SITE), mobile application software (APP or OUR APP) and other web-based services intended to enhance your use of the Shot Scope Technologies products (the PRODUCT).


By accessing or using any of Our Services, you agree that your personally identifiable information will be handled as described in this Privacy Policy, and consent to the collection, disclosure, storage, transfer, and use of your information as described herein. Please keep in mind that some features of the Services do not require registration.


INTERNATIONAL USE.


Shot Scope Technologies hosts and operates the Services in the United Kingdom (UK). Regardless of your country of residence, you authorise the transfer and use of your information in the UK, and any other country in which we operate, and acknowledge that your personally identifiable information will be subject to UK law and regulations.


CHILDREN.


Shot Scope Technologies does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under thirteen (13) years of age. If you become aware that your child provided Shot Scope Technologies with personally identifiable information without your consent please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. Shot Scope Technologies will take reasonable actions to terminate, remove and delete the account and personal data of any children under the age of (13) years of age.


WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT.


We may collect and process the following data about you:


Information that you provide by filling in forms on Our Site, or to register for and use Our Services through Our App. This includes information provided at the time of registering to create an account on Our Site or App, or requesting further Services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with Our Site.


Shot Scope Technologies Product and Services work in conjunction with a user account (USER ACCOUNT) on Our Site and App. When you register a User Account, you are required to provide personally identifiable information; first name, last name, username, email address, gender, date of birth (used to verify age), address, country of residence and profile picture. In order to fully benefit from the Product and Services limited personally identifiable information is displayed on your User Account; first name, last name, username, gender, age, profile picture, home golf club or course, description and performance data (collectively, USER CONTENT). The information you provide may personally identify you and we may publicly list some of this information on the Services. For example, your first and last name and username are included on your profile page and in search results. You can alter and correct your information by logging into your User Account. When you elect to post or share User Content through third party sites or services the content is public information. Third party sites and services may collect and store your information. By default, User Content posted or shared on the Services is public and this public information is disseminated both broadly and instantaneously. Your profile information and User Content that is publicly shared may be delivered to a wide range of users and services.


The Product and Services makes use of user-enabled location services and we collect and use location data provided by your device to provide you with these features. We may collect, use, or store your precise geographic location. You may choose to publish your location in User Content posted on or through the Services. For example, if you share a drive on other third party social services, your location data will be visualised through a birds-eye view of your drive.


We may also use aggregate, anonymous location data to share and report statistics through the Services. For example, we may use location data to display the longest drive of the week on the Services. We may also share location data in aggregate, anonymous form with market research companies or advertisers for targeted advertising.


Details of your visits to Our Site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access. Details of transactions you carry out through Our Site and of the fulfilment of your transactions.


We shall not store or hold your credit/debit card details; Products and Services purchased through the Site and all transactions are provided through a third-party e-commerce platform (currently operated through WORLDPAY, a PSD authorised organisation regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority in the UK). The third-party e-commerce platform stores information using its own secure data storage platform, database and associated services. Your information is typically stored only to complete the purchase and the transaction is then deleted. Please review the privacy policy of the third-party e-commerce platform to ensure that its practises meet your expectations. Shot Scope is not responsible for third-parties privacy practices or their policies.


If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.


IP ADDRESSES.


We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users browsing actions and patterns which is anonymised and does not identify any individual.


COOKIES.


Our Site uses certain cookies and other tracking technology. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we put on your computer or mobile device if you agree. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of Our Site, which helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse Our Site and also allows us to improve Our Site. The cookies we use are analytical cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the Site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way Our Site works, for example by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. You can change your website browser settings to reject cookies although this may impair the functionality of Our Site and the enjoyment of your experience.


If you do not wish to have cookies stored on your electronic device, you can use the Do Not Track preference in your browser, with the drawback that certain features of our Services may not function properly if cookies are disabled. Please note that the use of cookies and similar tracking technology by third parties is subject to their own privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy, and we have no responsibility or liability in connection therewith.


WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA.


All information you provide to us is stored on secure third-party servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of Our Site, or to use Our Service, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to Our Site or App; All personal information should therefore be submitted online if and only if the data subject is accepting of the incumbent security risks. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.


USES OF THE INFORMATION.


We use information held about you in the following ways:


{number list}.


{list item} To ensure that content from Our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.


{list item} To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.


{list item} To conduct research and analysis related to the Product and Services, and improve the overall experience for all users.


{list item} to review and analyze the data subjects use of our services in order to develop and improve the quality of our offering and strengthen our relationship with them;


{list item} to personalise our services and present the data subject with content and information which are tailored to their needs;


{list item} to send the data subject communications (including e-mail marketing and other communications) with their consent where required;


{list item} to invite the data subject to provide feedback, assist with user surveys and input into Product and Services enhancement;


{list item} to provide the data subject with administrative information and/or service announcements and updates (including changes to our policies and terms);


{list item} To send you push notifications when using the Product and Services and help you connect with other users of the Product and Services.


{list item} To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.


{list item} To notify you about changes to Our Site.


{list item} To process your payment card details in order to complete any payment that you make through Our Site.


{list item} To create anonymised aggregated data sets for analysis and establishment of trends and user patterns (which we may licence to third parties directly).


If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about services similar to those which were the subject of a previous transaction with you.


If you are a new customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this.


We may share or disclose your public or anonymous information. Public information includes your public profile information such as your name, username, description, and profile picture, as well as any other information on your profile that you choose to make public. Public information also includes content, such as data from your use of the Products and Services, as well as your interactions with content shared by others. Anonymous information may be aggregated and shared with others, but this information cannot be used to identify you.


DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION.


We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries.


We may disclose your personal information to third parties:


{number list}.


{list item} In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.


{list item} If Shot Scope Technologies Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.


{list item} If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Shot Scope Technologies Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.


THIRD-PARTY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.


There are a number of separate products and services offered by third parties and advertised by us on Our App or Site. These are products and services that may be complementary to your use of our Products and Services. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not govern the collection and use of information by other services or companies. If you click on a link to a third-party site, we encourage you to check the privacy policy for that site and evaluate its privacy practices before deciding to use the third-party services. Shot Scope is not responsible for third-party privacy practices.


PROTECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION.


We take reasonable steps to protect and secure your personally identifiable information against unauthorised access or disclosure. We use security software to protect the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information. We cannot guarantee, however, that these security methods will protect your information from hackers or human error. We review our business practices regularly for compliance with policies and procedures governing the security of your and our data and information.


To register to access the Services, you will be required to select a password to protect your User Account unless you choose to register your account using a third-party service. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your login ID and password. If you believe that your login ID or password has been compromised you should immediately change your password. We are not responsible if someone else accesses your User Account through registration information they have obtained from you or through a violation by you of this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use.


YOUR RIGHTS.


You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing at any time by contacting us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Our Site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.


ACCESS TO INFORMATION.


The Data Protection Act and the GDPR (2018) regulations gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the regulations. Any access request may be subject to a fee of 10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.


CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY.


Shot Scope Technologies regularly monitors and reviews this Privacy Policy. Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this web page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. If you do not agree with any changes you should immediately stop using your User Account. Continued use of your User Account will be deemed to be acceptance of changes to our Privacy Policy.


CONTACT.


Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Thank you for using Shot Scope.


Close.


Order Summary:


Basket is currently empty!


Payment methods accepted.


28 day money-back guarantee.


1 year warranty.


Got a question?


{removed href} Contact our support team.


{removed href} Returns Policy.


28 day money-back guarantee and 1 year warranty.


Upgrade to a V3 Add a colour strap and Performance Statistics for an extra 00.


{removed href} Buy G3 Upgrade to V3.


Why upgrade to V3?


{number list}.


{list item} 100 statistics to improve your game.


{list item} Automatic shot tracking.


{list item} Free app - no subscription.


{list item} Available in 4 colours.


Select your V3 color.


Pick up color.


{removed href} Upgrade Now.


{removed href} I have changed my mind, I want to buy a black G3 with no performance tracking.


x By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more {removed href} here.


Continue to {removed hyperref}.


Due to popular demand.


Shot Scope V3 is.


currently Sold Out!


Notify me when in stock.


