


{removed href} Skip to content.


SECTION 1 WHO WE ARE?


SMARTRO is committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our visitors to our web site. In particular, we want you to know that innocent is not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes. We just dont do that sort of thing. But just in case you dont believe us, in this Privacy Policy, weve provided lots of detailed information on when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure. So kick back and relax.


SECTION 2 CONSENT.


How do you get my consent?


When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.


If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.


How do I withdraw my consent?


If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at {removed hyperref}.


SECTION 3 DISCLOSURE.


We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.


SECTION 4 THIRD-PARTY SERVICES.


In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.


However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.


For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.


In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.


As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.


Once you leave our stores website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our websites Terms of Service.


Links.


When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.


QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION.


If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at {removed hyperref}.


Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device.


