


{removed href} Skip to Main Content.


PRIVACY POLICY.


This Privacy Statement for Spytec GPS Inc. (Privacy Statement) details the companys policies with respect to the handling of personally identifiable information (Information) submitted by the reader of this Privacy Policy (You) or otherwise collected by Spytec GPS Inc. via the companys web site or in the course of providing services to Spy Tec Incs customers. Spytec GPS Inc. will use and disclose Information only in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Statement.


{bullet list}.


{list item} COLLECTION OF INFORMATION.


The type of information submitted to or collected by Spytec GPS Inc. varies depending upon the nature of the activity and relationship with Spytec GPS Inc.


{list item} BROWSING THE WEBSITE:


When You browse the companys web site, Spytec GPS Inc. may collect information regarding the domain and host from which You access the Internet, the Internet Protocol address of the computer or Internet Service Provider You are using, and anonymous site statistical data. This information is collected for the purpose of assessing the effectiveness of the companys web site and for security reasons.


{list item} INQUIRIES:


The web site contains various forms, links to company email addresses, and fax numbers that You may use to solicit information about the web site, Spytec GPS Inc. services, and the company in general. When You complete and submit a form, send us an e-mail, send us a fax, or contact us by telephone, Spytec GPS Inc. may store the inquiries and their contents, including any personally identifiable information You may have provided. Any personally identifiable information You submit via an inquiry is collected only with Your knowledge and active participation.


{list item} USE OF GATEWAY SERVICE:


When You register to use Spytec GPS Inc. online processing services (Gateway Services), You will be required to provide personally identifiable information and to enter into a written agreement with Spytec GPS Inc.. If You ordered any products or services from businesses that use our Gateway Services (Spytec GPS Inc. Customers), You were required to submit personally identifiable information (Order Information). Spytec GPS Inc. Customers transmit Order Information to Spytec GPS Inc. for the purpose of processing Orders. Order Information is maintained in servers located within the U. S. A. and may also be maintained in servers located in Europe or Asia, depending on where the order originates or the geographic location of a Spytec GPS Inc. Customer. Spytec GPS Inc. may maintain Order Information for a certain period of time to comply with audits or for disaster recovery purposes.


{list item} NOTICE FOR EUROPEAN USERS:


The Data Protection Act puts obligations on users of personal information and sets forth principles for its use. One principle states that information must be processed fairly and lawfully.


This means that You are entitled to know how we intend to use any information You provide. You can then decide whether You want to give personal information to us. The Data Protection Act does not generally apply to data about limited companies or partnerships, but it does cover personal data relating to sole traders and partnerships. When we receive an application from a business, we may perform a search with a credit reference agency and fraud prevention agency on the individual company directors or partners. Order Information provided by You to Spytec GPS Inc. Customers and any Information that You provide to Spytec GPS Inc. directly will be transferred outside of the European Union to the United States. By providing personal information to Spytec GPS Inc. Customers or us, You are consenting to the transfer of such information outside of the EU and to its storage and use as described herein.


{bullet list}.


{list item} USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION.


Usage and disclosure of Your Information varies based on Your relationship with Spytec GPS Inc.. Spytec GPS Inc. never sells any personally identifiable information and, except as expressly set forth below, never discloses personally identifiable information to any third parties.


{list item} BROWSING THE WEBSITE:


Information collected while Youre browsing our web site may be used to analyze trends, administer the web site, improve site performance, gather broad demographic information, and for security purposes. Such Information may be disclosed to third parties to provide any of the aforementioned activities on behalf of Spytec GPS Inc..


{list item} INQUIRIES:


Information collected during the course of You submitting an inquiry via online form, e-mail, fax, or telephone call may be used by Spytec GPS Inc. to respond to Your inquiries or to contact You to inform You of services of Spytec GPS Inc. that may be of use to You. Information collected during the course of an inquiry will not be disclosed to any third party unless such third party has been contracted by Spytec GPS Inc., with obligations of confidentiality, to contact You on our behalf.


{bullet list}.


{list item} USE OF SPY TEC INC. SERVICES:


If You are a Spytec GPS Inc. Customer, Spytec GPS Inc. will use Your Information during the course of providing You with the Gateway Services. During the course of providing such services, Spytec GPS Inc. may disclose Your Information to third parties that have contracted with Spytec GPS Inc. to perform certain functions of the Gateway Services on our behalf (Subcontractors). Spytec GPS Inc. may also use Your Information to contact You about other Spytec GPS Inc. offerings and to inform You about general company news and industry trends, directly or through the use of third party vendors. Spytec GPS Inc. may also use Your Information for internal business analyses. If You are a customer of a Spytec GPS Inc. Customer, Spytec GPS Inc. will use Order Information during the course of providing processing services to such Spytec GPS Inc. Customer. Spytec GPS Inc. may also use Order Information at an aggregate level for internal business analyses and fraud prevention. During the course of providing Gateway Services to Spytec GPS Inc. Customers, Spytec GPS Inc. may disclose Order Information to banks, processors, card associations, and other financial institutions that are involved in the course of processing or screening the transaction applicable to the Order Information.


{list item} SURVEYS AND QUESTIONNAIRES:


If You submitted an inquiry to Spytec GPS Inc. or if You are a Spytec GPS Inc. Customer, periodically, Spytec GPS Inc. may use Your Information to contact You, directly or through a third party vendor, to complete a survey or questionnaire. Responses to any such survey or questionnaire may be used for internal business analyses and may be disclosed in aggregate form without disclosing any personally identifiable information.


{list item} USE OF COOKIES.


Forms on our web site may use cookies. Cookies are small files of data that reside on Your computer and allow Spytec GPS Inc. to recognize You as a Spytec GPS Inc. Customer or a previous visitor of our web site. Spytec GPS Inc. may use cookies to populate frequently used forms or to provide You with other customized viewing options for Your convenience. Spytec GPS Inc. uses cookies solely to maintain personalized services throughout the web site.


{list item} CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS:


All contracts entered into between Spytec GPS Inc. and Spytec GPS Inc. Customers, Spytec GPS Inc. and Subcontractors, and Spytec GPS Inc. and other third party service providers contain express provisions governing the confidential treatment of any and all personally identifiable information.


{list item} INVESTIGATIONS AND PROCEEDINGS:


Spytec GPS Inc. may use Information to conduct internal investigations. Spytec GPS Inc. may disclose Information to cooperate with an investigation by law enforcement agencies or other governmental authorities and may also disclose Information in response to a subpoena, warrant, court order, or other comparable legal processes.


{list item} INFORMATION SECURITY.


Spytec GPS Inc. is committed to privacy and security. Spytec GPS Inc. is compliant with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) Spytec GPS Inc. has been compliant with PCI DSS since its inception in 2002. PCI DSS is the bank card industrys most stringent security standard. Examples of Spy Tec Inc. s security measures include: physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards; sophisticated security monitoring tools; documented security policies; use of strong encryption for transmissions of Order Information to and from Spytec GPS Inc. Customers; restricted access of personally identifiable information; and, periodic security audits by third party security experts.


{list item}.


SMS/MMS MOBILE MESSAGING MARKETING PROGRAM.


We respect your privacy. We will only use information you provide through the Program to transmit your mobile messages and respond to you, if necessary. This includes, but is not limited to, sharing information with platform providers, phone companies, and other vendors who assist us in the delivery of mobile messages. WE DO NOT SELL, RENT, LOAN, TRADE, LEASE, OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER FOR PROFIT ANY PHONE NUMBERS OR CUSTOMER INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH THE PROGRAM TO ANY THIRD PARTY. Nonetheless, We reserve the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, to avoid liability, or to protect Our rights or property. When you complete forms online or otherwise provide Us information in connection with the Program, you agree to provide accurate, complete, and true information. You agree not to use a false or misleading name or a name that you are not authorized to use. If, in Our sole discretion, We believe that any such information is untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete, or you have opted into the Program for an ulterior purpose, We may refuse you access to the Program and pursue any appropriate legal remedies.


California Civil Code Section 1798. 83 permits Users of the Program that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of the information you provide through the Program to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at the following address:


Spytec GPS Inc.


135 W 36th St, New York, NY 10018.


{removed hyperref}.


