


{removed href} Skip to content.


Your privacy is important to Top Greener, Inc. This statement discloses the practices for Top Greener, Inc. websites, including the type of information gathered and tracked, how the information is used, and with whom the information is shared.


INFORMATION COLLECTION.


Top Greener, Inc. may collect information from you such as your name, address, email address, or phone number when you access certain areas of our website. These include but are not limited to times when you purchase a product, register for services, or if you require information or action from us. If you decide to make a purchase, we may need to collect certain additional information, like your credit or debit card number and expiration date.


At other times Top Greener, Inc. may collect information from you that cannot be used to identify you. For example, we may aggregate non-personal information about you and other customers who visit our website. Aggregated information will not contain any information that can be linked directly back to you.


Top Greener, Inc. may collect additional information from your web browser when you visit our website. We may collect information about the pages that you visit and the time spent on each web page, the promotions or advertisements that you click on, and other actions you take within our site.


COOKIES.


Top Greener, Inc. may use many tools to collect information about you, your computer access points, and the web browser that you use to connect to our website. Cookies may be used to personalize your interaction with our website. A cookie may contain information about your computer, such as a user setting, browsing history, and activities conducted while using the site. You do not have to accept our cookies and you may set your browser to restrict their use and you may delete them after they have been placed on your hard drive or other storage device. We use cookies to operate, provide, improve, understand and customize services.


INFORMATION USE.


Any information we collect from you may be used in the following ways:


Top Greener, Inc. may use the services of independent companies to provide certain services to you, including but not limited to website hosting services, credit card processing, order processing, and shipping services. Top Greener, Inc. will not share personal information with outside third parties without your consent, except to the extent necessary to complete your request for products and services offered through our website.


Top Greener, Inc. may use personal information to contact you about updates, special events, new services, current information regarding our products, or other promotions that may be of interest to you. We may advertise our own and third-party products based on the products you have installed, accessed, used, searched, or purchased. We may communicate with you about our services and features, and let you know about our terms and policies and other important updates.


We may use your information to communicate with you about your purchase, or to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into with us.


We may also use information to improve our websites.


We may use information you have disclosed if we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to comply with legal processes or to defend the property rights of Top Greener, Inc.


Top Greener, Inc. may share your information with third-party providers who help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our services. When we share information with third-party providers, we ask them to use your information in accordance with our instructions and terms or with your explicit permission. We also may share your information with third-party services that integrate with our services.


CHILDREN.


The Top Greener, Inc. website is not directed or intended for use by minors. Consistent with the requirements of applicable law, we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If Top Greener, Inc. or its Internet Service Providers becomes aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, that information will be deleted from our databases.


THIRD PARITES.


Top Greener, Inc. may facilitate the use of social computing tools on some of its websites to enable online sharing and collaboration among members who have registered to use them. When registering to use these tools, you may be agreeing to allow certain of the information you provide to be displayed as part of a public profile in the social networking environment in which you are registering to participate.


Any other content you post, such as pictures, information, opinions, or any other type of personal information which you make available to other participants on these social platforms, is not subject to this privacy statement. Furthermore, additional guidelines and privacy policy information may be identified for your attention in regards to your use of social media. Please review the Terms of Use and other policies applicable to any social media in which you elect to participate to better understand your, Top Greener, Inc. s, and other parties rights and obligations with regard to such content.


Our site may contain links to third-party websites, products and services. We have no liability or responsibility for those websites, products and services, their policies, or their collection or other processing of your personal information. The practices of those third parties with respect to information collected through their websites, products or services are governed by their own privacy policies. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those third parties.


UPDATES.


We may occasionally update this privacy policy. When we do we will revise the last updated date.


