


This Privacy Policy applies to users of the TrackimoTM products and applications. Trackimo Inc, a Delaware, USA company, is the developer and the owner of all the commercial rights to the applications and products sold under the TrackimoTM Brand.


Trackimo Inc (WE, OUR, TRACKIMO or THE COMPANY) have updated our privacy policy to include additional information required under applicable Data protection regulations including the European Unions General Data Protection Regulation(GDPR) such as the following:


{number list}.


{list item} Why we process personal data.


{list item} Legal grounds for processing personal data.


{list item} European union user rights under the GDPR and how to exercise them.


{list item} Contact information for Trackimo data controllers.


{list item} Contact information for the Trackimo data protection officer in the European union.


CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA PROCESSED BY TRACKIMO.


Personal data that is processed when you create a Trackimo account:


When you create a Trackimo account, we ask you to provide your email address and name. You can choose to provide only your first name or a nickname instead of your full name if you wish.


PURPOSES AND LEGAL GROUNDS:


{number list}.


{list item} (a) Trackimo processes your email address because you use your email address and your password to sign in to your account. The legal ground for processing your email address for this purpose is based on Trackimos legitimate interest in protecting the security of your account.


{list item} (b) Trackimo also processes your email address for the purpose of sending you important information about your Trackimo products, apps or account, such as important safety information or material changes to this Privacy Policy. The name you provide is associated with your account profile, and is displayed when you submit comments or other material on a Trackimo website or app. The legal ground for processing your email address and name for these purposes is Trackimos legitimate interest in providing you important safety or other information about your Trackimo products, apps or account or material changes to this Privacy Policy, and in providing you an opportunity to engage with other Trackimo users.


{list item} (c) If you provide your opt-in consent to receiving marketing information from Trackimo, Trackimo will also process your email address for the purpose of sending you marketing information about Trackimo products and apps. The legal ground for processing your email address for this purpose is your consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time by changing your preferences in your Trackimo account or through the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our marketing emails. The marketing emails you receive from Trackimo are based on the preferences you provide in your Trackimo account, the locale indicated by your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the types of Trackimo devices you have added to your Trackimo account, and any subscriptions included in your Trackimo account. The legal ground for processing this data for this purpose is Trackimos legitimate interest in reducing the number of marketing emails sent to each particular customer by selecting which customers receive a particular marketing email rather than sending every marketing email to every customer who has consented to receiving marketing emails.


{list item} (d) Trackimo also processes your email address to associate it with your Trackimo account when you interact with our customer support representatives. The legal ground for this processing is our legitimate interest in providing quality customer support.


Personal data that is processed when you sign in to your Trackimo account with Social Media Credentials if you choose:


{number list}.


{list item} You may choose to sign in to your Trackimo account using your social media sign in credentials (e. g., your Facebook sign in credentials). If you choose to do this, the first time you do so you will be asked whether you agree that the social media provider may provide certain information to Trackimo, such as your name, email address, profile photo, posts, comments and other information associated with your social media account.


{list item} All of this information is made available to Trackimo by the social media provider due to the way the social sign-on configuration works. However, the only information Trackimo retains and processes is your email address. If you do not want your information to be shared with Trackimo by the social media provider, then you can simply sign in to your Trackimo account using your Trackimo account credentials instead of your social media account credentials.


PURPOSE AND LEGAL GROUND:


{number list}.


{list item} Trackimo associates the email address provided by the social media provider with your Trackimo account so that you can use your email address to sign in to your Trackimo account in the future if you no longer wish to sign in using your social media account credentials. The legal ground for processing this information for this purpose is Trackimos legitimate interest in providing you an alternative sign in method and in securing your account.


{list item} Personal data that is processed when you sync your Trackimo device:


{list item} When you sync your device, we log data about the transmission, such as the IP address used when syncing, the sync time and date, crash/diagnostic logs, geographic location of the device, information about your device, information about the network used to sync (e. g., Wi-Fi or cellular) and device battery level.


PURPOSE AND LEGAL GROUND:


{number list}.


{list item} We process this information to help identify and resolve errors or syncing issues. The legal ground for processing this information for this purpose is Trackimos legitimate interest in resolving errors or syncing issues and providing quality product support.


Personal data that is processed when you communicate with Trackimo:


{number list}.


{list item} When you interact with our customer support representatives via email, telephone, online or in person, we collect personal data, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, email address and contact preferences; and information about the Trackimo products you own, such as their device ID and date of purchase. We also may create event logs that are useful in diagnosing product or app performance-related issues, and capture information relating to the support or service issue. To improve customer service, subject to applicable laws, we may also record and review conversations with customer support representatives, and analyze any feedback provided to us through voluntary customer surveys. With your consent, our customer support representatives may sign in to your Trackimo account, if appropriate, to help troubleshoot and resolve your issue.


PURPOSE AND LEGAL GROUND:


We use this information to provide you with customer and product support and to monitor the quality and types of customer and product support we provide to our customers. The legal ground for processing this information for these purposes is Trackimos legitimate interests in providing quality product support. The legal ground for signing in to your Trackimo account, if appropriate, to help troubleshoot and resolve your issue is consent, which you may withdraw.


Personal data that is processed when you use your Trackimo auto navigation device or app:


{number list}.


{list item} If you use a Trackimo device or app and provide your consent, then Trackimo will collect and upload from your device data such as location, speed, direction, and time and date of recording. If you provide your consent when asked, then Trackimo may also share this aggregated data with or sell this data to third parties to enhance the quality of the traffic, parking and other features enabled by content providers.


PURPOSE AND LEGAL GROUND:


{number list}.


{list item} This data is aggregated with data from other consenting users and is used to enhance the quality of our products and apps and the traffic, parking and other features enabled by Trackimo or third parties. The legal ground for processing this data for this purpose is consent, which you may withdraw at any time within the settings of your Trackimo device or app.


Personal data that is processed when you purchase a product on a Trackimo website:


If you purchase a product on a Trackimo website, then Trackimo will collect your name, mailing address and telephone number. We do not view or store your payment card information a third party, BrainTree, processes customer payment card details. Their privacy policy can be seen here {removed hyperref}.


PURPOSE AND LEGAL GROUND:


{number list}.


{list item} We collect your name, mailing address and telephone number so we can process your order and fulfill your purchase. The legal ground for processing your name, mailing address and telephone number for these purposes is performance of a contract. We also process your personal data as part of our fraud detection processes. The legal ground for processing your personal data for that purpose is our legitimate interest in protecting Trackimo and our customers from attempts to engage in fraudulent transactions.


CATEGORIES OF RECIPIENTS OF PERSONAL DATA.


Your Tracki-friends invitees:


Tracki-friends is a feature available on some Trackimo devices that enables you to send a link to people of your choice that allows them to see the real-time location of your device. Because anyone with access to the link will be able to see the real-time location of your Trackimo device, you should use caution in determining to whom you want to send the link and be sure that you trust them to not send the link to others whom you do not want to be able to view the location of your Trackimo device.


OTHER SERVICE PROVIDERS:


Trackimo uses cloud services from third parties to assist in sending emails. Those services track the activities associated with these emails, such as whether they were opened, whether links in the emails were clicked on, and whether purchases were made following clicks on those links. Trackimo uses this data to analyze the level of engagement with its emails. Trackimo uses third-party service providers to ship purchased products to customers and to help us better understand our customers needs.


OTHER DISCLOSURES:


We may disclose personal data about you to others: (a) if we have your valid consent to do so; (b) to comply with a valid subpoena, legal order, court order, legal process, or other legal obligation; (c) to enforce any of our terms and conditions or policies; or (d) as necessary to pursue available legal remedies or defend legal claims. We may also transfer your personal data to an affiliate, a subsidiary or a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of Trackimos business, assets or stock, including, without limitation, in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceeding, provided that any such entity that we transfer personal data to will not be permitted to process your personal data other than as described in this Privacy Policy without providing you notice and, if required by applicable laws, obtaining your consent.


TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA.


Trackimo is a global business. To offer our products, apps and services, we may need to transfer your personal data to other Trackimo companies in other countries. When you create a Trackimo account, add personal data in your account profile, or upload data to your Trackimo account, your personal data will be collected and stored on Trackimo servers in the United States or in Europe, as configured per your Trackimo device. Personal data regarding individuals who reside in a country in the European Economic Area or in Switzerland is controlled by Trackimos European Affiliate and processed on its behalf by Trackimo Inc.


Any transfers of personal data from Trackimo companies in the European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland to Trackimo Inc. in the United States are done pursuant to European Commission approved Model Contractual Clauses.


All Trackimo companies are required to follow the privacy practices set forth in this Privacy Statement.


COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES.


WEBSITES:


To help analyze how you and other visitors navigate Trackimo websites, and compile aggregate statistics about site usage and response rates, we, with assistance from third-party analytics service providers, collect certain information when you visit our site. This information includes IP address, geographic location of the device, browser type, browser language, date and time of your request, time(s) of your visit(s), page views and page elements (e. g., links) that you click. We may use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs or other similar tools on our site or in our email messages to assist us in collecting and analyzing such information. We use this information to provide better, more relevant content on our site, to measure the effectiveness of advertisements, to identify and fix problems, and to improve your overall experience on our site. We may also engage one or more third-party service providers to provide online advertisements on our behalf. They may use a pixel tag or other similar technology to collect information about your visits to sites, and they may use that information to send you targeted advertisements. For more information regarding this practice and to opt-out of such collection and use of this information by our third-party service providers, please see {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


If you do not want information collected through the use of these technologies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline many of these technologies, or to be given the choice of declining or accepting them.


If you reside in the European Union or other jurisdiction that requires us to obtain your consent to use cookies on our sites, then you will have an opportunity to manage your cookie preferences on the sites; except that certain cookies are required to enable core site functionality, and you cannot choose to disable those cookies.


TRACKIMO MOBILE APPS:


We also collect data from users about their usage of Trackimo mobile apps. The types of analytical information that are collected include the date and time the app accesses our servers, app version, the location of the device, language setting, what information and files have been downloaded to the app, user behavior (e. g., features used, frequency of use), device state information, device model, hardware and operating system information, and information relating to how the app functions. Trackimo uses this data to improve the quality and functionality of our mobile apps, to develop and market products and features that best serve you and other users; and to help identify and fix app stability issues and other usability problems as quickly as possible.


The legal ground for processing this analytical information is our legitimate interest in understanding how our customers interact with our products, apps and websites so we can enhance the user experience and functionality of our products, apps and websites.


Here are examples of third-party providers of analytics and similar services we currently use:


ANALYTICS SERVICES:


{number list}.


{list item} Google: Google Analytics is used to track site statistics and user demographics, interests and behavior on websites. We also use Google Search Console to help understand how our website visitors find our website and to improve our search engine optimization. {removed href} Find out more information about how this analytics information may be used, how to control the use of your information, and how to opt-out of having your data used by Google Analytics.


APPLICATION PERFORMANCE MONITORING:


Trackimo uses various software tools to analyze and monitor the performance of our complex ecosystem. To provide such services, our app receives basic request information, including IP address, necessary to detect and diagnose anomalous errors and response times.


SOCIAL NETWORKS:


Third-party social networks that provide interactive plug-ins or social networking features (e. g., to allow you to connect to Facebook or Google to find friends to add as connections or to Like a page) on Trackimo websites or mobile apps, may use cookies or other methods (e. g., web beacons) to gather information regarding your use of our websites and apps. The use of such information by a third party depends on the privacy policy available on that social networks website, which we encourage you to carefully review. Such third parties may use these cookies or other tracking methods for their own purposes by relating information about your use of our site with any of your Personal Information that they may have. We may also obtain analytics information from social networks that help us measure the effectiveness of our content and advertisements on social networks (e. g., impressions and clicks).


CHILDREN.


The Trackimo device is not intended to be purchased by anyone under the age of 13 years old. When a parent and or legal guardian purchases a device for use by a child and to locate a child the parent is acknowledging that any personal information transmitted to Trackimo is solely the parents and not that of a child under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. We do not collect personal identifying information such as name, address, zip code from anyone and there is no place in our interfaces with the public to collect such info. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If for some reason you believe that we might have any information from a child under age 13, please contact us through {removed href} support.


PRIVACY POLICY UPDATES.


We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time as we add new products and apps, as we improve our current offerings and as technologies and laws change. You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the Last updated legend at the top of this page. Any changes will become effective upon our posting of the revised Privacy Policy.


We will provide notice to you if these changes are material and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent. This notice will be provided by email or by posting notice of the changes on the Trackimo websites and apps that link to this Privacy Policy.


RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA.


We will retain your personal data as long as your Trackimo account is considered to be active. In addition, see below under Your Rights for a description of your right of erasure.


DATA CONTROLLER AND DATA PROTECTION OFFICER.


If you reside in a country in the European Economic Area or in Switzerland, then your personal data collected by Trackimo is controlled by Trackimo Europe, which is located within the offices of NDM Network GmbH, at addredd: Grafenberger Allee 277-287, 40237 Duesseldorf, Germany.


Trackimos EU Data Protection Officer is located at the same address and can also be reached by email at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


If you reside outside of the European Economic Area and Switzerland, then the personal data collected by Trackimo is controlled by Trackimo, Inc., 450 Seventh Ave NYC NY 10123 which you can also {removed href} contact us here.


If you reside in the European Union, you have the right under the General Data Protection Regulation to request from Trackimo access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data, data portability, restriction of processing of your personal data, the right to object to processing of your personal data, and the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. If you reside outside of the European Union, you may have similar rights under your local laws.


To request access to or rectification, portability or erasure of your personal data, or to delete your Trackimo account, write your request by email to {removed href} support and make sure to include all the details about your Trackimo account such as the log-in email and the device ID(s) of your Trackimo devices.


If you live in the European Union and you wish to exercise your right to restriction of processing or your right to object to processing, contact Trackimos EU Data Protection Officer at Trackimo Europe in Germany or by email at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. If you do not live in the European Union but you believe you have a right to restriction of processing or a right to object to processing under your local laws, please contact Trackimo, Inc. at {removed href} support.


{removed href}.


