


{orderNumber:{valueMissing: This field is required., tooLong: Please check this field, tooShort: Please check this field}, orderEmail:{valueMissing: The e-mail address field is required, typeMismatch: Please enter a valid email address, patternMismatch: Please enter a valid email address}, contactEmail:{valueMissing: The e-mail address field is required, typeMismatch: Please enter a valid email address, patternMismatch: Please enter a valid email address}, contactFirstName:{valueMissing: This field is required.}, contactSurname:{valueMissing: This field is required.}, contactSubject:{valueMissing: This field is required.}, newsletter-popup-email:{valueMissing: The e-mail address field is required, typeMismatch: Please enter a valid email address, patternMismatch: Please enter a valid email address}, newsletter-footer-email:{valueMissing: The e-mail address field is required, typeMismatch: Please enter a valid email address, patternMismatch: Please enter a valid email address}, newsletter-email:{valueMissing: The e-mail address field is required, typeMismatch: Please enter a valid email address, patternMismatch: Please enter a valid email address}}.


Search.


Help.


{removed href} Check Order Status.


{removed href}.


{removed href} Delivery.


{removed href}.


{removed href} Returns.


{removed href}.


{removed href} Size conversion.


{removed href}.


{removed href} Click and collect.


{removed href}.


PRIVACY POLICY.


Welcome to {removed hyperref} (the Site). This Privacy Policy refers to the processing of data (hereinafter collectively, PERSONAL DATA) provided to and/or collected during the visit to the Site by unregistered users. If you want to know modalities of data processing in case of registration to the Site, online purchase or registration to CRM management programs, please read the information provided {removed href} here. For further information and clarification on our Privacy Policy you could send us a request writing an email to {removed hyperref}.


1. WHO COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA.


Subjects who collect and process the Personal Data, as data controllers (hereinafter DATA CONTROLLERS or CONTROLLERS) are OTB S. p. A., with registered offices in Italy, Breganze (Vi), Via dellIndustria 2, 36042, telephone 390445306555 email {removed hyperref} and Diesel S. p. A. with registered offices in Italy, Breganze (Vi), Via dellIndustria 4-6, 36042, telephone 390424477555, email {removed hyperref}.


In order to fulfill technical issues connected to the Site we have appointed some data processors (hereinafter collectively PROCESSORS) that process data on our behalf. These subjects were appointed because of their technical skills related to purposes and modalities of the processing, guarantees offered in relation to security measures adopted and in compliance to applicable data protection laws. These subjects are under our control and you could request a full list writing an email to {removed hyperref}.


2. WHY WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA.


The information systems and software procedures relied upon to operate the Site acquire, as part of their standard functioning, personal data as part of the transmission of such data is an inherent feature of Internet communication protocols. Such information is not collected in order to relate it to identified data subjects, however it might allow user identification per se after being processed and matched with data held by third parties.


The Personal Data includes: IP addresses and/or the domain names of the computers used by any user connecting with this website, the URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) addresses of the requested resources, the time of such requests, the method used for submitting a given request to the server, returned file size, a numerical code relating to server response status (successfully performed, error, etc.), other parameters related to the users operating system and computer environment, data related to browsing behavior of the user on the Site, information about pages that have been visited or searched, in order to select and return specific advertisements to the user of the Site, for example, using cookies, in respect of which you will find complete information {removed href} here.


In the processing of Personal Data that may directly or indirectly identify your person, we try to respect a principle of strict necessity. For this reason, we configured the Site in such a way that the use of Personal Data is reduce to a minimum and to limit the processing of Personal Data that could identify the data subject only when needed or at the request of the authorities and the police (as, for example, for traffic data and the time you spend on the Site or your IP address) or for the assessment of responsibility in case of hypothetical crimes against the Site.


Some Personal Data are strictly necessary to operate the Site, others are used only to obtain anonymous statistical information about the Site and to check its correct functioning and are deleted immediately after processing. From time to time you will be informed about obligation or optional nature of the communication of Personal Data and possible consequences.


3. HOW WE WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA.


Your Personal Data will be processed using automated tools for the time necessary to fulfill the purposes for which such data was collected and in compliance with the principle of necessity and proportionality, avoiding to process the Personal Data where operations could be realized through the use of anonymous data or through other means.


Specific security measures are applied to prevent the loss of the Personal Data, illegal or improper utilization and unauthorized access, but please do not forget that it is essential for the safety of your data that your device is equipped with tools such as constantly antivirus updated and that your internet provider provides a connection ensuring a secure data transmission through firewalls, spam filters, and similar measures.


4. WHO WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA.


Controllers will process your personal data for the technical administration of the website. Your data will be processed by employees and collaborators of Controller appointed as persons in charge of the processing and data processors. Regarding the processing of data performed through the website, Controller has appointed as data processor the company that performs the technical management and maintenance of the website.


Other information regarding the sphere of communication and dissemination of your personal data shall be provided to you in specific areas of the website.


{removed href} 5. YOUR RIGHTS.


You may at any time obtain cancellation, conversion into anonymous form, copy, update, adjustment or integration, block of data processed in infringement of the law and oppose the processing as envisaged by Article 7 of Legislative Decree n. 196/2003, which is shown in full below.


You will have the right to object in any case to any processing of your Personal Data for purposes of commercial information and marketing, and to oppose for legitimate reasons of the processing of your data for other purposes.


In order to exercise your rights, you may contact the address below or send an e-mail to {removed hyperref}.


ARTICLE 7 OF LEGISLATIVE DECREE 30 JUNE 2003 N. 196 (RIGHT TO ACCESS PERSONAL DATA AND OTHER RIGHTS).


1. A data subject shall have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him exist, regardless of their being already recorded, and communication of such data in intelligible form.


2. A data subject shall have the right to be informed:


a) of the source of the personal data;


b) of the purposes and methods of the processing;


c) of the logic applied to the processing, if the latter is carried out with the help of electronic means;


d) of the identification data concerning data controller, data processors and the representative designated as per Section 5(2);


e) of the entities or categories of entity to whom or which the personal data may be communicated and who or which may get to know said data in their capacity as designated representative(s) in the States territory, data processor(s) or person(s) in charge of the processing.


3. A data subject shall have the right to obtain.


a) updating, rectification or, where interested therein, integration of the data;


b) erasure, anonymization or blocking of data that have been processed unlawfully, including data whose retention is unnecessary for the purposes for which they have been collected or subsequently processed;


c) certification to the effect that the operations as per letters a) and b) have been notified, as also related to their contents, to the entities to whom or which the data were communicated or disseminated, unless this requirement proves impossible or involves a manifestly disproportionate effort compared with the right that is to be protected.


4. A data subject shall have the right to object, in whole or in part,


a) on legitimate grounds, to the processing of personal data concerning him/her, even though they are relevant to the purpose of the collection;


b) to the processing of personal data concerning him/her, where it is carried out for the purpose of sending advertising materials or direct selling or else for the performance of market or commercial communication surveys.


NEED HELP?


If you have any question or need help with your account, you may contact us to assist you.


We will respont to every message within 1 working day. Monday to Saturday, excluding national holidays.


CLIENT SERVICE.


{removed href} Phone: 0 8002606687.


From 9 am to 8 pm CET (from 8 am to 7 pm GMT), Monday to Saturday.


{removed href} E-mail.


From 9 am to 8 pm, Monday to Saturday.


