


Do you want to log out? {removed href} Stay logged in {removed href} log out {removed href} {removed href} Home / {removed href} Privacy Policy.


Privacy Policy.


This Privacy Policy governs {removed hyperref} (This Website) owned or operated by UNbeaten company (Company or we or us) and any other services, interactive features, social media, and resources offered by us through Internet websites, mobile devices or other devices or platforms (all of which are collectively referred to as the Services). We take your privacy serious so we have prepared this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use, and protect personal information and other related information (each, as defined below) when you use the Services and your choices for managing your information preferences. By using the Services, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use.


INFORMATION YOU CHOOSE TO SUBMIT.


We collect information such as your name, telephone number, email address and other data you are asked when you are using our Services. It is 100 up to you to choose whether to submit the information to us. For example, you will be required to provide us with certain Personal Information to register with the Services. The decision to provide this information is optional; however, if you decide not to register or provide such information, you may not be able to use some or all of the features of the Services. You may review, correct, update, change, or remove your Personal Information from your registered account on {removed hyperref} or contact us at {removed hyperref} for any other questions you may have.


PAYMENT BILLING INFORMATION.


We are in no way to collect your payment information, billing address, credit card/debit card information on This Website. Please DO NOT submit any information that related to your payment.


DEVICE INFORMATION.


If your UNbeaten air purifier is Wi-Fi enabled, we may collect certain information in order to monitor device performance and customer preferences, including whether the device is on or off, device speeds, and the air quality and light levels in the room where the device is located.


SOCIAL MEDIA.


If you follow us, or interact with us on social media, for example, tag us in the photo, like our Facebook page or comment on our post on Twitter, we will have basic information about you that you choose to open to us on those social media platforms. The other of your information is subject to those platforms Terms of Use and Privacy Policies.


INFORMATION WE AUTOMATICALLY COLLECT.


We automatically collect your IP address when you are visiting This Website. The Company receives IP addresses from all users because this information is automatically reported by your browser each time you view a web page. We may use IP addresses for various purposes, including but not limited to diagnosing technology problems, sending appropriate advertising based on your geographic area, or estimating the total number of people visiting our site from specific countries or regions. We will not disclose the associated information to third parties.


COOKIES.


We may use cookies (a small file containing a string of characters that uniquely identifies your web browser). We may use cookies and web beacons to improve the quality of the Services. Most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, certain features of the Services may not work if you delete or disable cookies. We may work with third-party advertising companies, which may use information about your visit to the Services in order to provide advertisements about the Services that may interest you on third-party websites.


HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.


We may use your Information for various purposes, such as to communicate with you regarding your orders and deliveries, to notify you of new products or services, to send service notifications, to customize the ads and content you see, to improve the Services and provide more relevant products services, to conduct research. We will not share your Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.


In certain instances, we may disclose your information when we believe that the law or legal process requires such disclosure, or we believe it is necessary to take legal action against persons or entities in order to protect us or our users, for example, we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone uses or attempts to use the Services for illegal reasons, such as an intellectual property rights violation, or to commit fraud.


LINKS TO OTHER SITES AND THIRD-PARTY APPLICATIONS.


The Service may contain links to websites operated and maintained by third parties which we have no control. You access such linked websites and Third-Party Applications at your own risk. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any such linked website or Third-Party Application that you visit or use to understand their collection, storage, and use of your information.


SECURITY.


Information that we collect is stored on servers using standard security procedures and we strive to protect your information on or through the Services. However, cannot and do not guarantee the data transmission over the Internet is 100 secure. When you are using our Services, you do it at your own risk.


PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES AND QUESTIONS.


Company may, change or update this Privacy Policy at any time. We will post the date of when the Privacy Policy is changed/updated only on This Website. Your continued use of the Services constitutes you agree to abide by the Privacy Policy as changed. If you have questions or would like additional information about the Privacy Policy, you may contact us at {removed hyperref}.


