


Effective date: 6/12/2018.


Our Privacy Policy.


This website is owned and operated by SpartanNash Company and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, SpartanNash, we or us). This policy explains how we collect, use, share and protect the personal information that we collect through this website. We value the privacy of our website visitors and do not sell or share your individually identifiable information with any organization outside of SpartanNash and its affiliates, except under the conditions noted below.


The website has two sections: A section that is available to the general public; and a section that is restricted to certain business partners, which we refer to as the Insite section of the website. While this policy applies generally to both parts of the website, please note that there are sections of this policy that apply only to the Insite section.


Summary.


We value the privacy of our website visitors. We do not sell your personal information. We will only collect and use your information as explained in this policy. This section gives a brief overview of our data collection and use policies. Please click on the links below for a more detailed discussion of each topic. Please contact us at {REMOVED HREF} {removed hyperref} or at 800-451-8500 if you have any questions.


WE COLLECT THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION:


{number list}.


{list item} information that your browser routinely shares with websites.


{list item} personal information that you provide us on a voluntary basis.


{list item} if you use the mobile version of our website, it may use geographic information temporarily collected from your mobile device to find participating stores in your area.


WE USE THE FOLLOWING TYPES OF TRACKING TECHNOLOGY:


{number list}.


{list item} cookies, web beacons and similar technology tracks movement across our website and keeps track of our registered users and their preferences.


{list item} advertising services place ads on the internet for us, and they may use tracking technology. We do not share your personal information with these services.


{list item} Google Analytics may use cookies and browser information to provide demographic, statistical, and other information about the visitors to our website, such as their interests, hobbies, and preferences.


WE USE AND DISCLOSE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT FOR THE FOLLOWING PURPOSES:


{number list}.


{list item} to provide services or products that you request.


{list item} to help us improve our website, understand our customers and their preferences, and to market our products and services.


{list item} to our contractors who provide supporting services so that they can access information needed for such services, but only on terms consistent with this policy.


{list item} to protect our business interests or the rights of others, when required by law, to cooperate with law enforcement, or in connection with the sale or merger of all or part of our business.


WE USE THESE COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE DATA SECURITY PRACTICES:


{number list}.


{list item} if you make a purchase on our site, we use Transport Layer Security (TLS) to process your payment information and we store your personal information on firewall-protected servers.


{list item} we limit access to your personal information to those who have legitimate need to use it.


OTHER DETAILS ABOUT OUR PRACTICES:


{number list}.


{list item} Although we may have links to other websites, this policy applies only to the websites operated by SpartanNash.


{list item} We use your personal information only for the purposes for which it is collected and consistent with this policy, and we retain your information as permitted by applicable law.


{list item} You can update your online account information at any time.


{list item} We do not intend to collect information from children under the age of 13.


{list item} We may update this policy from time to time, but we will allow you to opt in to any material changes in how we use your personal information.


How we collect information.


INFORMATION PROVIDED BY YOUR WEB BROWSER.


The public section of our website is primarily an information website that tells you about SpartanNash and our products and services. You do not need to provide any personal information if you simply want to browse the public section of our website and learn about our products and our services. Like many other websites, we may record information that your web browser routinely shares, such as your browser type, browser language, software and hardware attributes, the date and time of your visit, the website from which you came, the geographical location of the Internet Protocol address and the pages on this site that you visit. This will generally be anonymous data that we collect on an aggregate basis. We will not try to associate anonymous data with the personal information that you provide to us, except to investigate apparent fraud or a threat to our website, our business or our users.


PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE.


We may also collect personal information that you choose to provide to us on a voluntary basis. When we ask for your personal information, it is so that we can provide a product or service to you and communicate with you about those products and services. For example, if you want to apply for a job with SpartanNash or one of its affiliates, you can register and submit an application on this website. It will always be your choice whether to provide your personal information in order to take advantage of these features.


We may also offer certain social networking features on this website, such as the opportunity to post comments or opinions about our products and services. If you choose to submit your comments or opinions, keep in mind that these will be available to the general public and are not subject to any privacy.


The Insite section of the website is only available to our wholesale customers, vendors, brokers distributors and DSD vendors. In order to establish access to the Insite section, we require personal information associated with your account. This will generally include your name, the company that you work for and your contact information. In order to make purchases, SpartanNash may also need credit card or bank account information. If you are a registered Insite user, we may give you the opportunity to sign up to receive a newsletter or other materials about our products and services.


ADDITIONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM MOBILE DEVICES.


We may also operate a version of this website specifically designed to work with mobile devices. The mobile website may include a feature that uses geographic location information provided by your mobile device to identify stores in your vicinity. We do not collect or store your geographic information except to temporarily provide this service.


Use of Cookies and Similar Technology.


TRACKING ON OUR OWN WEBSITE.


As is commonly done on websites, we may use cookies and similar technology to keep track of our users and the services they have elected. A cookie is a small text file containing alphanumeric characters that is stored on your computer and uniquely identifies your browser. If you are simply browsing on our website, the cookies that we use last only about as long as your session on our website; but if you have created a user name and account, we will also use cookies that remain on your computer between visits so that when you return to our site we can remember who you are and your preferences. We may allow business partners who provide services to our site to place cookies on your computer that assist us in analyzing usage data. We do not allow these business partners to collect your personal information from our website except as may be necessary for the services that they provide.


You can manage these cookies. For example, you can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. If you disable cookies, however, it may interfere with the functionality of our site and you may not be able to use all of the sites features.


We may also use web beacons or similar technology to help us track the effectiveness of our communications. A web beacon (also known as an action tag, a clear gif or pixel tag) is a1x1 pixel image embedded in a website page used to transparently collect information. For example, we may use a web beacon to count the number of visits to the pages of our site. If you have signed up to receive any of our e-mail newsletters, we use similar technology to count how many recipients have opened the message and clicked on one of its links.


We may offer a version of this site specifically designed to work with a mobile device. If so, we may store information relevant to your use of the mobile site on your devices local storage.


TRACKING BY ADVERTISING SERVICES.


We contract with our business partner Google to serve ads on our website. Google uses DoubleClick cookies and web beacons to make our advertising more effective. Google may use such technology to serve ads based on your prior visit to our website and/or other sites on the Intranet. If you access this site using a mobile device, Google may use anonymous identifiers if the device does not accept cookies. We do not share your personal information with Google. You can learn more about how Google uses the DoubleClick cookies by visiting Googles Policies Principles. You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the ads preference manager.


We use third party advertising services to place our advertisements on other websites. If you click on one of these ads, the company that placed the ad may use cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technology to gather statistics on the effectiveness of our advertisements, to track your movement across websites, and to serve you advertisements targeted to your interests. We do not share any of your personal information with these advertising services and, except as noted above with respect to Google, we do not permit them to place cookies from our website. You can learn more about interest-based advertising and opt out of such advertising from certain companies at {REMOVED HREF} {removed hyperref}.


What We Do With the information We Collect.


We will generally use the information that we collect to help us operate this website, to provide requested services, to help us understand our customers and their preferences, and to market products and services to you in which we believe you may be interested. The following provides a more specific discussion of our uses and disclosures of the information that we collect. We will seek your consent before we use your personal information for any other purposes.


YOUR CONTACT INFORMATION.


When you provide us with your contact information, we will use that information to provide services related to this website. For example, if you submit a job application or register for an event on our careers site through this website, we will share that information with our Human Resources department, which will use the information to contact candidates for our open positions or other communications. If you submit your name and telephone number or e-mail address because you are interested in our products and services, someone in our sales department will contact you to follow up on your interest.


If you register on our careers site, we give you the option to add your e-mail address to one or more e-mail lists. You may change your preferences or opt out of all e-mails at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of each e-mail.


We maintain a database about our job applicants and website users that allows us to (i) analyze and monitor consumer and customer activity, (ii) promote and support our products and services, and (iii) develop a knowledge base regarding our web site users and customers.


We may combine the individually identifiable information that we collect from this website with information collected through any other programs that we may run from time to time. For example, if you have signed up to receive e-mail messages regarding job opportunities, we may use information from the careers website to deliver company news updates tailored to your interests in SpartanNash.


BUSINESS INFORMATION.


If you use the Insite section of our website to order products, we will use the information that you submit to process your order, receive payment and ship your transaction. This may require us to share information with third parties, such as your financial institution, the company that processes our credit card transactions or an organization involved in shipping your order. We may also contact the registered users of the Insite section about important functionality changes to the site, new services and special offers.


The Insite section may include tools that you may find helpful. To use these tools, you may need to provide information about your business. The Site will use your information to provide the service that the tool offers, for example to help you order products for your business. Except as otherwise disclosed in this privacy notice, we will not use the information from these tools for any other purpose without your permission.


INFORMATION SHARED WITH OUR BUSINESS PARTNERS.


To improve the products and services offered, we may use business partners to help us design and operate our website or provide other services to support the site. For example, we may hire a company to run certain website applications, help us fulfill or deliver orders, process credit card payments, or help us analyze our data. Unless otherwise indicated on our website, if we allow our business partners to access the personal information we collect, it will be for limited purposes and in compliance with this privacy policy. If you are an Insite section user, we may give you the option to share information with vendors whose goods we carry so that they can send you information about products or services in which you are interested.


STATISTICAL ANALYSES OF DATA.


We use Google Analytics to help us gather statistical information about the visitors to our site and how they use the site. We also use Google Analytics to provide us additional information about the users to our site, such as their interests, hobbies, and preferences, based upon information gathered by Google through the use of cookies and browser information. However, all information we gather via Google Analytics will be gathered on an anonymous, aggregate basis but will not associate this data with personally identifiable data. We use this information to gain a better understanding of the visitors to our site and to improve our website and product offerings. We reserve the right to license or sell aggregate information about the visitors to our website, but this information will not be individually identifiable. Depending on which type of browser and device that you use, you may have the ability to control the type of information that Google Analytics uses. If you would like to learn more about Google Analytics, including how to opt out of it, visit {REMOVED HREF} {removed hyperref}.


BUSINESS OPERATIONS, LAW ENFORCEMENT AND LEGAL ACTIONS.


We may release your information without prior notice when we believe it is appropriate to prevent fraud; to comply with law or to cooperate with law enforcement activity or other governmental request; to respond to subpoenas, court orders or administrative agency requests for information; to enforce our policies; to protect the rights, property and safety of our business and of others; or when required or otherwise permitted by law. For example, we may share information with law enforcement to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone uses or attempts to use our site for illegal reasons. If there is a sale or merger of the company, division or business unit that operates this site, we may also transfer the information we have collected in connection with such sale or merger.


We will use the information we collect to continuously improve our business and our website development. Your comments and suggestions about our website development are always appreciated. Please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} or at 800-451-8500 if you have any comments or suggestions.


How We Protect Your Data.


We use commercially reasonable means to protect the integrity of our website and limit access to your personal information. We limit access to your personal information to those who have a legitimate need to use the information. If you have set up a user name and profile, you should be sure to protect your user ID and password to prevent others from being able to access the site in your name. We cannot provide absolute assurances against, and will not be liable for, breaches of confidentiality due to system failures or unauthorized access by third parties.


Third Party Websites.


This site may contain links to other websites operated by companies that are not affiliated with us. Also, you may have come to this website from a website that is not operated by us. We are not responsible for the operation of these other sites or the information that they collect from their visitors. If you would like to know how another site collects and uses your information, please review its privacy policy.


We also maintain links to affiliated websites for our grocery store operations. Our grocery store websites have their own privacy policies, which are different than this one. Please refer to the privacy policies for our grocery store websites if you are interested in their privacy practices.


Changes to Your Information.


If you are a registered user on this website, the information you provide us isnt permanent. You can update your online account information by updating your user profile.


Data Integrity and Retention.


We use the information that we collect about you only for the purposes for which it is collected and consistent with this policy. We keep information provided to us for as long as we believe necessary for our business purposes and as permitted by applicable law.


Changes to This Policy.


Our business and the laws that regulate us change from time to time, and we reserve the right to change this policy. If we do change this policy, we will post the revised version on this site. If we propose to change our policy in a way that would permit us to make additional uses of the personal information that we had previously collected about you, we will obtain your affirmative, express consent before using your information in a materially different way.


Children.


While our site is available for all to come visit, you must be at least 13 years old to register on our website, to purchase products or participate in any of our contests. We will not knowingly collect information about children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not register as a user and do not submit your personal information. If you are a parent who believes that we have collected information about a child under age 13, please contact us at {REMOVED HREF} {removed hyperref} or at 800-451-8500 with your childs name and address, and we will be happy to delete the information we have about your child from our records and provide information in accordance with the Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act.


This Policy is an Agreement.


When you visit this site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.


Contacting Us.


Please contact us at {REMOVED HREF} {removed hyperref} or at 800-451-8500 and let us know if you have any questions or comments about our policies or practices.


