


Privacy Policy.


YOUR PRIVACY IS IMPORTANT TO US.


This privacy policy (Privacy Policy) describes the policies and practices of Performance Designed Products LLC (sometimes referred to as PDP, us, we or our) relating to the information we collect when you visit this website, place an order, participate in sweepstakes, contact customer service, and use PDPs products, software, applications, or other services (collectively, Services). The creation of this Privacy Policy grows from our fundamental respect for your right to privacy and will serve to guide our relationship with you. We value the privacy and security of your personal information, which as used herein means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you or your household. As such, we take complying with data privacy and security laws very seriously.


The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to provide you with a description of our personal information collection, use, and disclosure practices. If you provide us with your personal information, or we obtain personal information about you from other sources, we treat your personal information according to this Privacy Policy.


HOW YOU ACCEPT THE TERMS AND UPDATES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY.


You consent to and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy by expressly accepting the terms of the Privacy Policy or by using PDPs Services. From time to time, we will update this Privacy Policy as we adopt new practices and procedures related to your personal information. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be placed here and will supersede this version. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the Effective/Revision Date as provided at the end of this Privacy Policy and in certain instances we may send you a notice of any changes and/or updates if you have provided us with your e-mail address.


THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU.


We collect personal information that you provide when using the Services, which includes your name, email, address, phone number, Internet Protocol (IP) address, credit/debit card, and device information. We also collect information regarding the device you used to access this website and applications and your usage of our website and applications, as described in our Cookies section below. You have no obligation to use our Services. If you do not wish to provide your personal information to us, do not access and/or utilize the Services and stop using the Services.


THE REASON WHY WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


The personal information that we collect from you helps us learn more about your needs and provide Services to you. The personal information we collect from you may be used in one or more of the following ways:


{bullet list}.


{list item} To Identify and Assist You When You Use Our Website. When you visit a PDP website, we use your IP address to help identify you and gather broad demographic information so that we can better understand and assist our customers. For that, our website uses cookies. See our Cookies section below for more information.


{list item} To Confirm and Fulfill Your Order. When you place an order, we will collect basic information from you, including your name, email, shipping and billing address, phone number, IP address, device data, and credit card or other payment information. We use this information to confirm and ship your order, process your payment, respond to your questions, and improve our Services.


{list item} Customer Service. We collect your personal information if you contact our customer service department to verify your identity and address your questions or concerns regarding our Services.


{list item} Email to a Friend Feature. PDP may include an email to a friend feature on our website, which allows you to share product or other information about our Services with your friends. Any email provided to us for this feature, is used to facilitate emailing your friend.


{list item} To Provide Our Product Services. When you use PDP product software and applications, we may collect your name, email, and other personal information that you provide to us for use of such software and applications (e. g., account login, authentication, device and model, location, gender, age group, etc.). PDP also automatically collects information about your game consoles, your personal computers, and/or your mobile devices hardware and software including your user configuration, engagement per session, installations, updates, calibration, and diagnostic settings. PDP further automatically collects data regarding application usage and related information including but not limited to screen views, average session times and crash data/logs. This information is used by PDP to provide and operate the Services, to maintain the quality of the Services, and to provide general statistics so that we can optimize our Services. PDP may also collect de-identified information and aggregate data regarding user preferences and product configuration for the purpose of developing future products and for marketing, customer service and business purposes.


{list item} Marketing our Services. Your email may be used to provide you notice of our Services for marketing purposes if you provide consent to receive such notifications.


WHETHER WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH OTHERS.


We do not sell your personal information to third parties. We do, however, share your personal information with third party service providers who assist us in providing the Services. This may include sharing your personal information with: (1) service providers, such as, ecommerce platforms, credit card processors, and shipping companies, to assist in processing and shipping your order; (2) service providers who assist us with marketing, technology, and our business relationships; and (3) service providers who help us modify, update or upgrade our Services.


We may also share your personal information if necessary to: (1) comply with federal, state, or local laws; (2) comply with a civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, or summons by federal, state, or local authorities; (3) cooperate with law enforcement agencies concerning conduct or activity that we reasonably and in good faith believe may violate federal, state, or local laws; or (4) exercise or defend legal claims.


Further, we may share non-personal information with other parties as long as the information has been de-identified or aggregated.


Lastly, we may transfer to a third party personal information as an asset that is part of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or other transaction in which the third party assumes control of all or part of our business.


HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We have implemented and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information to protect your personal information from unauthorized access and exfiltration, theft, or disclosure. We are committed to protecting your personal information, but you can do your part. You should create a strong password and protect against unauthorized access to your password and your computer or mobile devices. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer and do not share your password with anyone. We cannot guarantee the security of any personal information you transmit to us, and by using our Services you acknowledge this risk. We will notify you if there is a breach of our security where required by law or deemed necessary under the circumstances.


RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.


Your personal information will be retained for the time required to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected and processed, including for the purpose of satisfying legal, professional, contractual, regulatory, accounting or reporting obligations.


CHILDREN.


We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Children under the age of 13 should not use this website. Only adults 18 years or older are permitted to purchase our Services.


COOKIES.


We use cookies on this website. Cookies are small text files that a website or its service provider transfers to your computer or other devices. They are widely used to make websites work or improve the efficiency of a website. Cookies help with website functionality and user experience because websites can read and write to these text files, enabling this website to recognize you and remember important information that will make your use of this website more convenient.


Our websites may use cookies to keep track of the items in your shopping cart so that you do not have to re-enter them each time you visit. Acceptance of cookies is not a requirement to browse our websites, but our shopping cart does require the acceptance of cookies to work properly, and thus you must accept cookies to place orders on our websites.


We keep track of the menus and pages our customers visit to determine what Services are the most popular. We also track access times per session, such as when a user accesses and stops using the Services and whether the user is accessing the Services on a console, personal computer, or mobile device. This data may be used to deliver customized content and advertising we operate to users whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.


We may use tracking to advertise or create remarketing audiences of users based on user behavior and their visits and use of our Services. We may also target these users with custom advertisements based on user configured settings and preferences, affinities/interests, and geographic locations. We only share data through service providers who provide tracking services, such as Google Analytics (visit the following link for more information: {removed href} {removed hyperref}/).


DO NOT TRACK NOTICE.


Our website currently does not support certain browser settings or otherwise respond to Do Not Track requests. You can find out more information about opting-out of interest-based advertising at: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


THIRD PARTY WEBSITES.


We use service providers for some of our Services who have their own websites, which contain their own privacy policies. This includes the services provided by Bazaarvoice, Inc., PDPs third party customer service provider, and Gleam, our third-party sweepstakes service provider. For more information about these service providers terms and conditions and privacy policies, please visit their websites.


SOCIAL MEDIA SHARING FEATURES.


This website may offer social media sharing features or other integrated tools, which let you share actions you take on this website with other media, and vice versa. These features may collect information about your IP address and which page you are visiting on our website, and they may set a cookie or employ other tracking technologies. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the social sharing feature. Social media sharing features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social media sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these features.


RIGHTS OF CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS.


Beginning January 1, 2020, California residents may exercise certain privacy rights pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). We describe below your rights if you are a California resident.


RIGHT TO KNOW ABOUT PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED, DISCLOSED, OR SOLD.


We generally describe in this Privacy Policy how we collect, use, and share your personal information. In addition to what is described above, as a California resident, you also have the right to request more information regarding the following topics for the preceding 12 months, to the extent applicable:


(1) The categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.


(2) The categories of sources from which we have collected your personal information.


(3) The business or commercial purpose why we collected or, if applicable, sold your personal information.


(4) The categories of third parties with whom we shared your personal information.


(5) The categories of personal information that we have shared with third parties about you for a business purpose.


(6) If applicable, the categories of personal information that we sold about you and the categories of third parties who received your personal information in the sale.


You may submit a request for the information above by calling us at (800) 331-3844, emailing us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}, or {removed href} {removed hyperref}. Once you contact us through one of these channels, we will need to confirm your identity to process your request.


RIGHT TO REQUEST DELETION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


You have the right to request that we delete the personal information we collected or maintained about you. Once we receive your request, we will let you know what, if any, personal information we can delete from our records, and we will direct any service providers with whom we shared your personal information to also delete your personal information from their records.


There may be circumstances where we cannot delete your personal information or direct service providers to delete your personal information from their records. Some of these instances include, but are not limited to, if we need to: (1) retain your personal information to complete a transaction or provide a good or service; (2) detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for that activity; (3) debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality; (4) exercise free speech or ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right to free speech; (5) comply with the law; and (6) use your personal information for internal and lawful purposes.


You may submit a request to delete your personal information by calling us at (800) 331-3844, emailing us at {removed hyperref}, or {removed href} {removed hyperref}. Once you contact us through one of these channels, we will need to confirm your identity to process your request.


RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF THE SALE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We do not and will not sell your personal information to third parties. As such, there is no need to submit a request for us to not sell your personal information. If you have any questions, feel free to contact us at (800) 331-3844 or {removed hyperref}.


RIGHT TO NON-DISCRIMINATION FOR THE EXERCISE OF YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS.


We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under the CCPA, as described above. This includes, but is not limited to: (A) denying good or services to you; (B) charging you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties; (C) providing a different level or quality of goods or services; or (D) suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.


AUTHORIZED AGENT.


You may use an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf to exercise the rights above.


RIGHTS OF NEVADA RESIDENTS.


If you are a Nevada resident, you have the right to request that PDP not sell your personal information to third parties. However, as stated in this Privacy Policy, PDP does not and will not sell your personal information to third parties. As such, there is no need to submit a request for us to not sell your personal information. If you have any questions, please contact us as indicated below.


CONTACT US.


If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Effective/Revision Date: May 19, 2020.


