


POLICY {removed href} 1-201-657-5353.


(7: 00am-2: 30pm, EST).


Privacy Policy PETFON PRIVACY STATEMENT.


Effective date: June 12, 2020.


Petfon (us, we, or our) operates the website {removed hyperref}.


With a focus in using technologies to improve the quality of life, Petfon committed to the principles of respecting your privacy, keeping your data safe, and letting you decide how your information is used and shared.


Our Data Privacy Principles:


{number list}.


{list item} We will only collect data that is useful to process transactions, send periodic emails and to improve Petfons products, services and users experience;


{list item} We will be transparent and responsible about how we handle the Personal Data in our care, guided by our Five Principles and the law;


{list item} We will never sell your data, and will only share personally identifiable data when you direct us to;


{list item} We will always commit to the continual improvement of our privacy and security practices;


We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from {removed href} {removed hyperref}/


1. Why do we collect and how do we use your Personal Data?


We may use your Personal Data for various legitimate purposes including:


{number list}.


{list item} A. PROVIDING THE FEATURES, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES YOU REQUEST. We may use the Personal Data we collect to fulfil your requests for, and enable your use of, our features, products and services. This includes payment processing for purchases, subscriptions or sales, and to protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions.


{list item} B. REGISTRATION, CONTESTS AND PROMOTIONS. We may use your Personal Data to enter you in contests if you choose to enter, to notify you of results and to register you for certain features, products and services in line with your marketing preferences. Whenever you contact Petfon for help, we collect your name and email address along with any additional information you provide in your request and store it on our servers in order to provide you with customer service and to improve the customer service. You can also contact Petfon through public forums such as Twitter or Facebook.


{list item} C. TO COMMUNICATE WITH YOU AND PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION AND ASK FOR HELP. We may use your Personal Data to communicate with you, to respond to your questions or comments or to provide you with updates and news. And, if you have stated your interest in positions at Petfon, to alert you when matching jobs open.


{list item} D. TO PROVIDE YOU WITH PERSONALIZED CONTENT, INFORMATION, AND TO SEND YOU BROCHURES, COUPONS, SAMPLES, OFFERS AND OTHER INFORMATION ON OUR PRODUCTS OR OUR FAMILY OF COMPANIES. Where required by law, we ask visitors providing email addresses to tell us if they would like more information or updates from us, such as information about products and services available from our family of companies.


{list item} E. TO CREATE A PETFON ACCOUNT. When accessing the App and if you want to access data collected by your Device from the Petfon App, you must create a Petfon account. When you create a Petfon account, we ask for some personal information, including your email address, name.


{list item} F. TO DELIVER RELEVANT ADVERTISING. We may purchase and use opt-in email lists to contact potential customers. We providing the lists to confirm that contact information is provided only for those who want to receive offers and information by email. We also may use demographic and preference information for advertising to target users for whom they are most relevant. This way, users will see advertising that is most likely to interest them. We honor opt-out requests.


{list item} G. TO IMPROVE THE FEATURES, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES THAT WE OFFER THROUGH THE SITES. We may use Personal Data to improve the Petfon family of product offerings, services, as well as our Sites and features.


{list item} H. TO ACTIVATE LOCATION FEATURES. We store this information along with your other account information in order to provide you with location features. Location features such as mapping, virtual fences and radar are only available if you activate them. When active, Petfon collects data like GPS signals, device sensors, Wi-Fi access points, and cell tower IDs to determine your specific location and your pets specific location. If you are using a mapping feature, we will send your location information to our mapping service provider, so they can display your location on a map. They are contractually prevented from sharing or using this data for any other purpose. You can deactivate these features at any time and Petfon will stop collecting this type of information.


2. What Personal Data We Use.


{number list}.


{list item} A. Basic Account Data. You can deactivate these features at any time and Petfon will stop collecting this type of information.


{list item} B. Your E-mail Address. We do not store your phones contact list, and it is deleted immediately after it is used for this purpose.


{list item} C. Your location, Cookies. Location features such as mapping, virtual fences and radar are only available if you activate them. We store this information along with your other account information in order to provide you with location features. If you are using a mapping feature, we will send your location information to our mapping service provider, so they can display your location on a map. They are contractually prevented from sharing or using this data for any other purpose.


3. Cookies and Other Web Technologies Cookies Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device). Information Collection and Use We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you. Types of Data Collected Personal Data While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (Personal Data). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to: Email address Cookies and Usage Data. Usage Data We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used (Usage Data). This Usage Data may include information such as your computers Internet Protocol address (e. g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. Tracking Cookies Data We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.


Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.


You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.


Examples of Cookies we use:


{number list}.


{list item} Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.


{list item} Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.


{list item} Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.


Use of Data Petfon uses the collected data for various purposes:


To provide and maintain the Service To notify you about changes to our Service To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so To provide customer care and support To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service To monitor the usage of the Service To detect, prevent and address technical issues. Transfer Of Data Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.


If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.


Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.


Petfon will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information. Disclosure Of Data Petfon may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:


{number list}.


{list item} To comply with a legal obligation To protect and defend the rights or property of Petfon.


{list item} To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service.


{list item} To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public.


{list item} To protect against legal liability.


Security of Data The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100 secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Service Providers We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (Service Providers), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.


These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. Links to Other Sitesa Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third partys site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.


We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services. Childrens Privacy Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (Children).


We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers. Changes to This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.


We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the effective date at the top of this Privacy Policy.


You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.


Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us. Copyright 2019 UbiSight Technology LLC.. All rights reserved {removed href} Privacy Policy {removed href} Term of Use {removed href} Contact {removed href} Job Opportunities {removed href} Support.


