


Personal data we collect.


When you interact with us, we may ask you to supply us with personal data. We will only process your personal data in ways that are compatible with the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Personal data we collect when you interact with us are your company information and address, name, title, e-mail address and telephone number.


When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as Device Information.


We collect Device Information using the following technologies:


Cookies are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier.


Log files track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.


Web beacons, tags, and pixels are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.


Why we collect personal data.


We collect personal data for managing our customer relationship with you. In the majority of cases, we receive the personal data from you directly, for example when you request additional information about our services from us. We use such data for the following purposes:


To provide you the services and products you requested from us. This includes taking your order, delivering your order and processing invoices relating to that order. Where necessary, we also use your personal data for collecting overdue payments from you. All these actions result from the contract we have with you and they are necessary for fulfilling our obligations arising from our customer relationship with you.


To answer your questions about our services or products or other requests.


To send you invitations to our events maintaining our customer relationship with you. You always have the right to opt-out from such communication.


In order to ensure that we process accurate information about you we use the services of external service providers to supplement the information you have provided to us and keep it up-to-date.


We also collect data about you when you use our services, in order to meet your specific needs or wishes.


Suppliers, and other important stakeholders.


We collect personal information of our suppliers contact persons and about external service providers. We collect information also from other important stakeholders that are otherwise regarded important to our business. The information is collected from the person him/herself, from their employer or from public sources. We use the data for the following purposes:


to manage the relationship between these stakeholders.


to communicate with our suppliers and other important stakeholders.


to be able to assess the fulfillment of defined requirements.


to manage and provide work orders.


we perform background screenings about our suppliers to check that the company is for example ISO certified.


How do we use your personal data?


We use the Device Information that we collect to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our sales, marketing and advertising campaigns).


Safeguarding information.


We recognize our responsibility to protect the data you entrust to us. Future Diagnostics uses a variety of secure techniques and organizational measures to protect your data.


Sharing your personal information.


We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Siteyou can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: {removed hyperref}/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: {removed hyperref}.


We will not sell, share, or otherwise distribute your Personal Data to third parties. Personal Data only may be disclosed to a third party if we are required to do so because of an applicable law, court order or governmental regulation, or if such disclosure is otherwise necessary in support of any criminal or other legal investigation or proceeding here or abroad.


Behavioural advertising.


As described above, we use your Personal Data to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.


You can opt out of targeted advertising by:


LINKEDIN {removed hyperref}.


FACEBOOK {removed hyperref}/? tabads.


GOOGLE {removed hyperref}.


BING {removed hyperref}.


Do not track.


Please note that we do not alter our Sites data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.


Your rights.


If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.


Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you, or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.


Data retention.


In principle, personal data can be stored until the owner of the personal data requests to remove the data.


Links to other websites.


Our Site may contain links to other websites. When you use these links to connect to another website, this Privacy Policy is no longer applicable. Please note that the website you enter, after having made use of such link, may apply its own privacy statements. Future Diagnostics is not responsible for the processing of your personal data on other websites than our own Site.


Changes.


We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.


Contact us.


For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at {removed hyperref} or by mail using the details provided below:


Nieuweweg 279, 6603 BN, Wijchen, The Netherlands.


Contact us.


For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at {removed hyperref} or by mail using the details provided below:


Nieuweweg 279, 6603 BN, Wijchen, The Netherlands.


{removed href} Contact information.


