


{removed href}.


PRIVACY POLICY.


Ktaxon fully respects your privacy and treats your personal information with the highest standards of confidentiality.


To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. If you have questions regarding our policies, you may direct them to {removed hyperref}.


This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect about you in our stores and through our websites and mobile applications. By using any of our web sites, mobile applications, or sharing your contact information with us, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.


We collect information such as your name, phone number, billing information, shipping information, e-mail address and other personal information submitted when you are placing an order. Please note we do not store credit card numbers in our order system.


In addition, we may need to contact you via email questions or issues specific to your order, entry, etc., even if you have opted to not receive marketing communications from us.


OUR USE OF YOUR INFORMATION.


We do not sell or rent your information to any third party. We use the information we collect from you to improve our products and services and make your shopping experience more efficient and pleasant. We review the actions of our visitors on an aggregate basis to determine customers preferences. We also conduct analysis and research on our visitor demographics, interests, and pages viewed based on the information provided to us during ordering. We employ other third parties to perform services or functions on our behalf in order to improve our site, merchandising, marketing and promotional efforts, communications or other services. Those third parties include authorized contractors, consultants and other companies working with us (agents). They only have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, and will not share any personal information with others or use it for any other purpose than improving our services and offerings.


OPTING OUT OF MARKETING AND TRANSFERS; UPDATING AND DELETING INFORMATION ABOUT YOU.


We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive direct marketing from us or from our Select Partners, or if you would like to opt-out of our rental or exchange of your information with other marketers, please let us know. You send us an email: {removed hyperref}.


You may also click the designated link at the bottom.


COOKIES.


When you visit our web sites, we send one or more cookies to your computer or other devices. We may also use cookies in emails that you receive from us. A cookie is a small data file that is placed on the hard drive of your computer when you visit a web site. A session cookie expires immediately when you end your session (i. e., close your browser).


