


{removed href}.


Privacy Policy.


YOUR PRIVACY IS IMPORTANT TO US. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY TO LEARN ABOUT THE INFORMATION THAT Bagotte COLLECTS FROM YOU AND HOW Bagotte USES TH-AT INFORMATION.


BY USING THE SERVICES YOU CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION, USE, AND TRANSFER OF YOUR INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WI-TH ANY PART OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, THEN PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SERVICES.


1.


What information do we collect?


1. 1.


Information Provided by Users.


1. 1. 1.


Your Account information: You provide your email, or log in for a third-party account (like Facebook), to create an online or application account (Account) or subscribe to our co-mmunications. If you refuse to provide such information, you may not be able to use the Services properly. When creating your Account, you may be asked to enter certain inform-ation, such as: your name, avatar, age, gender, address, telephone number and email address.


1. 1. 2.


Customer Support: When you contact us, you can provide us with information about your use of the Services, including information about the Bagotte electronics and/or consumer pr-oducts (Products) that you own and contact details, so that we can provide customer support. For example, you can send an email to Customer Support that contains information about our product performance, and other issues.


1. 2.


Product Usage Information.


1. 2. 1.


Product monitoring: We collect information about how you set up and use our Products, such as: functions used; operations performed; time, frequency, and duration of your acti-vities within the Services, and any unique identifiers associated with your Product. For example, we collect the time period you connected the Product to the Application and the time of the last connection, as well as what operations you used in the Account, settings, and other functions in our Products.


1. 3.


Device and Other Automatically Collected Information.


1. 3. 1.


Device properties and operations: We collect certain information from and about your smartphone, tablet, or personal computer (Device), such as: Device number, model, hard- ware and software version, signal intensity, Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, and other information. We also collect information about the operations you perform on the Device, s-uch as time, frequency, and duration of use.


1. 3. 2.


Device signals: We collect information that your Device sends out or receives to tailor the Services to our users in different regions, such as: geo-location, IP addresses, and extern-al hardware information from your Device about surrounding Wi-Fi access points, beacons, and cell towers. You can enable and disable communicating such information to us by adjusting your Device security and privacy settings.


1. 3. 3.


Device signals: We collect information that your Device sends out or receives to tailor the Services to our users in different regions, such as: geo-location, IP addresses, and extern- al hardware information from your Device about surrounding Wi-Fi access points, beacons, and cell towers. You can enable and disable communicating such information to us by adjusting your Device security and privacy settings.


1. 3. 4.


Web beacons: A web beacon (also called a pixel tag or clear GIF) is computer code that communicates information from your Device to a server. Some of Bagottes Services and communications may contain embedded web beacons that allow a server to read certain types of information from your Device, such as: the number of people who have viewed certain content, when you opened an email message, and your Device IP address. Web beacons help Bagotte develop statistical information to provide better and more personal-ized content.


1. 3. 5.


Cookies: Cookies are small text files that are sent to or accessed from your web browser or your computers hard drive. A cookie typically contains the name of the domain (intern-et location) from which the cookie originated, the lifetime of the cookie (i. e., when it expires) and a randomly generated unique number or similar identifier. A cookie also may contain information about Device, such as: user settings, browsing history, and activities conducted while using the Services.


1. 4.


Our Services use the following cookies:


1. 4. 1.


Strictly necessary cookies, which are required for the operation of the Services. Without them, for example, you would not be able to use your Account.


1. 4. 2.


Analytical/performance cookies, which allow Bagotte to recognize and count the number of visitors, learn how visitors navigate the Services, and improve the Services.


1. 4. 3.


Functionality cookies, which Bagotte uses to recognize you when you return to the Services.


To learn more about cookies and web beacons, visit {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


1. 5.


California Do Not Track Disclosure.


1. 5. 1.


Unless legally required, we do not commit to honoring Do Not Track signals in your browser because honoring it would prevent much of the tracking and disclosures described in this Privacy Policy.


1. 6.


Third-Party Information.


1. 6. 1.


We collect and use information obtained from Facebook, Google, Amazon, and other accounts you use to login to the Services (Third-Party Accounts), such as: your name, your user name or handle, birth date, picture, and other details you may have on your Third-Party Account profile. We do not have access to your Third-Party Account passwords.


1. 7.


Childrens and Minors Privacy.


1. 7. 1.


About the protection of juveniles personal information. The company attaches great importance to the protection of juveniles personal information. If you are a juvenile under t-he age of 16 (according to the legal requirements of EU member states, the minimum age must not be less than 13 years old), you must obtain written consent from your parent or legal guardian before using this product and service. This product and service will protect the personal information of juveniles in accordance with the relevant EU laws and re-gulations.


2.


Can you withdraw your consent to our collection and/or use of information?


2. 1.


You may withdraw your consent to collect, use, and/or disclose your personally identifiable information held or controlled by us by submitting a request to {removed hyperref} or foll-owing the below directions on deleting your Account. Based on the extent to which you withdraw your consent, the functionality of your Account, Products, and Services may be effect-ed, including loss of access or use of your Account, Products, and/or Services.


3.


What do we use your information for?


3. 1.


Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:


3. 1. 1.


TO SEND PERIODIC EMAILS: The email address you provide for order processing or for your Account may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in a-ddition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related Product or Services information, including sending you updates to our terms and policies and other important me-ssages from time to time. We may also send you marketing and promotional communications we believe might be relevant to your interests.


3. 1. 2.


OUR SERVICE: We operate and provide services, including providing customer support and improving, repairing, and customizing the Services. We use your information to underst- and how people use and to evaluate and improve the Services. Furthermore, we use your information to research, develop, and test new services, Products, and features, as well as perform troubleshooting activities. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us. We use cookies to operate, provide, improve, understand, and custo-mize the Services.


3. 1. 3.


SECURITY AND PRIVACY: We use your information to verify Account details and activity. We also use your information to promote the security and privacy of the Services, such as inv-estigating suspicious activities or violations of our terms.


3. 1. 4.


ADVERTISING AND BUSINESS INFORMATION: We may show advertisements to you and others for our Products and third-party products based on the information we have collected from you, such as: what you have installed, accessed, used, and purchased.


3. 1. 5.


ACCESSING THIRD-PARTY ACCOUNTS: We use your information, including Third-Party Account information, to permit your Products and the Services to access Third-Party Accounts. These Third-Party Accounts may allow you to share personal information through our Services, such as Facebook posts or pictures. Because this kind of information can be public, you should exercise care in what you choose to submit to Third-Party Accounts. Please adjust your Third-Party Account privacy settings appropriately.


4.


How is this information shared?


4. 1.


THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS: We share your information with third-party providers that we work with to help us operate, provide, analyze, improve, understand, customize, support, and mark-et the Services.


4. 2.


THIRD-PARTY SERVICES: When you use third-party services, such as through Third-Party Accounts that integrate with the Products and Services, they may receive your information. When you use third-party services, their own terms and privacy policies will apply to your use of these services.


4. 3.


REGULATORY AND LEGAL ISSUES: We may also release your information to third parties when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our terms and policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.


5.


How do we protect your information?


5. 1.


We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your information. We offer the use of a secu-re server. All supplied personally identifiable payment information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. After a transaction, your credit card information will not be st-ored on our servers.


6.


How can you manage information about you, including your Account?


6. 1.


How can you manage information about you, including your Account?


6. 1. 1.


Changing your email, nickname, and more: You can review and change your Account profile information by logging in to your Account and visiting your Account settings page.


6. 1. 2.


Unsubscribe: If at any time you would like to manage your communications settings, such as unsubscribe from receiving emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. You may also unsubscribe by logging in to your Account and visiting your Account settings page.


6. 1. 3.


Deleting your Account: If you want to delete your Account, you may do so on your Account settings page. Deleting your Account will remove the personally identifiable information associated with your Account.


7.


How long will the data be stored?


7. 1.


We store your information until we no longer need it to provide the Services, as described in this Privacy Policy, or until you delete your Account as described above, depending on whi-ch comes first.


8.


Changes to our Privacy Policy.


8. 1.


Bagotte reserves the right to revise and update this Privacy Policy from time to time. All changes are effective immediately when we post them, as dated above, and apply to the Services thereafter. Your continued use of the Services after the time the changes are posted will indicate your acceptance of those revised changes, so please check this Privacy Policy periodically for updates.


9.


If you have any questions or concerns, there are a few ways you can contact us.


Email Us:


{removed hyperref}.


{removed href} {removed href}.


{removed hyperref}.


USA: 1-(855)-993-9939.


Mon-Fri 9AM-5PM (PST).


EU: 44 20 3966 0097.


Mon-Fri 9AM - 5PM(GMT).


Product.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Cleaning.


{list item} {removed href} Robotic.


{list item} {removed href} Cordless.


{list item} {removed href} Air Purifiers.


{list item} {removed href} Kitchen.


{list item} {removed href} Juicer.


{list item} {removed href} Air Fryer.


Our Story.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} About Us.


{list item} {removed href} Gift.


Support.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Warranty Policy.


{list item} {removed href} Privacy Policy.


{list item} {removed href} Terms of Use.


{list item} {removed href} Register Product.


{list item} {removed href} Process a Warranty.


{list item} {removed href} Contact.


{list item} {removed href} Shipping policy.


SUBSCRIBE.


Access exclusive offers, news, and more.


You agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.


