


Loading... {removed href} Jandel Homes Privacy Policy.


What information does Jandel Homes collect?


We only use your Personal Information, including your email address, for the purposes you have consented to and as set out in our privacy policy. We do keep track of user visits using standard web server traffic logs for our own internal statistics gathering processes.


How is the information used?


Any information that is logged is used by us to determine website usage statistics, such as page views and clicks, in order to improve and personalize our web site layout, content and services, and for the purpose of advertising and marketing.


A users information is not used or disclosed for purposes other than those set out herein, nor is this information shared with third parties.


Third Parties.


Our website uses Google AdWords, Pipedrive and MailChimp remarketing services to advertise on third party websites including Google to previous visitors to our website. This includes advertisements on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network.


Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve advertisements based on a visitors past visit to our website. Any data logged will be used in accordance with our privacy policy, and Google, Pipedrive and MailChimps privacy policy.


Opting-out.


We respect your right to privacy and your decision to choose whether or not to share your information. You may opt-out of Googles use of cookies by visiting Googles Ads Settings or Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.


Links.


This website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Jandel Homes, are not responsible for the privacy practices of other such sites. We encourage our visitors to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.


Privacy policy and changes.


This Privacy Policy is subject to change as we, Jandel Homes, continue to modify and improve our practices and policies in order to serve the privacy interests of our users.


