


Privacy Policy.


EFFECTIVE DATE: MAY 22, 2019.


Friedrich Air Conditioning (us, we, or our) operates {removed hyperref} website, the Friedrich Connect desktop application, the Friedrich Connect and Friedrich Go mobile application, and smart wi-fi devices; Khl, WallMaster, Chill Premier, and Uni-Fit (hereinafter referred to as the Service).


This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.


Your privacy is important to us. We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.


Definitions.


SERVICE.


Service means the {removed hyperref} website, and the Friedrich Connect desktop application, Friedrich Connect and Friedrich Go mobile applications, and smart wi-fi devices; Khl, WallMaster, Chill Premier, and Uni-Fit operated by Friedrich Air Conditioning.


PERSONAL DATA.


Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).


USAGE DATA.


Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).


COOKIES.


Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).


DATA CONTROLLER.


Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.


For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.


DATA PROCESSORS (OR SERVICE PROVIDERS).


Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.


We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.


DATA SUBJECT (OR USER).


Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.


Information Collection and Use.


We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.


Types of Data Collected.


Personal Data.


While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (Personal Data). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:


{number list}.


{list item} Email address.


{list item} First name and last name.


{list item} Phone number.


{list item} Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City.


{list item} Cookies and Usage Data.


We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.


Usage Data.


We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device (Usage Data).


This Usage Data may include information such as your computers Internet Protocol address (e. g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.


When you access the Service with a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.


Location Data.


We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so (Location Data). We use this data to provide features of our Service, to improve and customize our Service.


You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at any time by way of your device settings.


Tracking Cookies Data.


We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.


Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.


You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.


Examples of Cookies we use:


{number list}.


{list item} SESSION COOKIES. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.


{list item} PREFERENCE COOKIES. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.


{list item} SECURITY COOKIES. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.


Use of Data.


Friedrich Air Conditioning uses the collected data for various purposes:


{number list}.


{list item} To provide and maintain our Service.


{list item} To notify you about changes to our Service.


{list item} To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so.


{list item} To provide customer support.


{list item} To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service.


{list item} To monitor the usage of our Service.


{list item} To detect, prevent and address technical issues.


{list item} To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information.


Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).


If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Friedrich Air Conditioning legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.


Friedrich Air Conditioning may process your Personal Data because:


{number list}.


{list item} We need to perform a contract with you.


{list item} You have given us permission to do so.


{list item} The processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden by your rights.


{list item} To comply with the law.


Retention of Data.


Friedrich Air Conditioning will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies.


Friedrich Air Conditioning will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.


Transfer of Data.


Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.


If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there.


Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.


Friedrich Air Conditioning will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.


Disclosure of Data.


Disclosure for Law Enforcement.


Under certain circumstances, Friedrich Air Conditioning may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e. g. a court or a government agency).


Legal Requirements.


Friedrich Air Conditioning may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:


{number list}.


{list item} To comply with a legal obligation.


{list item} To protect and defend the rights or property of Friedrich Air Conditioning.


{list item} To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service.


{list item} To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public.


{list item} To protect against legal liability.


Security of Data.


The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100 secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.


Our Policy on Do Not Track Signals under the California Online Protection Act (CalOPPA).


We do not support Do Not Track (DNT). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.


You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.


Your Data Protection Rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).


If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Friedrich Air Conditioning aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data.


If you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.


In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:


THE RIGHT TO ACCESS, UPDATE OR DELETE THE INFORMATION WE HAVE ON YOU. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.


THE RIGHT OF RECTIFICATION. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.


THE RIGHT TO OBJECT. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.


THE RIGHT OF RESTRICTION. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.


THE RIGHT TO DATA PORTABILITY. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.


THE RIGHT TO WITHDRAW CONSENT. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Friedrich Air Conditioning relied on your consent to process your personal information.


Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.


You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).


Service Providers.


We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (Service Providers), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.


These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.


Analytics.


We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.


GOOGLE ANALYTICS.


Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.


For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: {removed href} {removed hyperref}? hlen.


Behavioral Remarketing.


Friedrich Air Conditioning uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.


GOOGLE ADS (ADWORDS).


Google Ads (AdWords) remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.


You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on - {removed href} {removed hyperref} - for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.


For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: {removed href} {removed hyperref}? hlen.


TWITTER.


Twitter remarketing service is provided by Twitter Inc.


You can opt-out from Twitters interest-based ads by following their instructions: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


You can learn more about the privacy practices and policies of Twitter by visiting their Privacy Policy page: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


FACEBOOK.


Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.


You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


To opt-out from Facebooks interest-based ads, follow these instructions from Facebook: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioural Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA {removed href} {removed hyperref}/, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada {removed href} {removed hyperref}/ or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe {removed href} {removed hyperref}/, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.


For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebooks Data Policy: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Links to Other Sites.


Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third partys site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.


We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.


Childrens Privacy.


Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (Children).


We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.


Email Confidentiality Disclosure.


The information transmitted by this email is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed. This email may contain proprietary, business-confidential and/or privileged material. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, be aware that any use, review, retransmission, distribution, reproduction or any action taken in reliance upon this message is strictly prohibited. If you received this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from all computers.


Orders.


We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number and expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, well use this information to contact you.


Changes to This Privacy Policy.


We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.


We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the effective date at the top of this Privacy Policy.


You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.


Contact Us.


If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:


{number list}.


{list item} By email at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{list item} By phone at 1-800-541-6645.


