


Aprilaire Privacy Policy.


The following is the privacy policy of Aprilaire, a division of Research Products Corporation (RP).


The Aprilaire privacy policy describes how Research Products Corporation (RP) collects and disseminates information received via this web site (the Site). By using the Site, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Policy.


Collection and Use of Personal Information.


RP will not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any personal information, which includes, but is not limited to, your address, telephone number, and email address, collected on the Site, provided, however, that personal information will be transmitted to third party dealers of Aprilaire products for the third party dealers use in marketing Aprilaire products. Additionally, RP partners with other entities to provide specific web related services. RP will disclose personal information to such other entities if such personal information is needed to provide the service. RP is the sole owner of the personal information collected on the Site.


Collection and Use of Aggregate Information.


RP may collect anonymous information about you from cookies and log files. Collecting such information is standard practice on the Internet. RP may use such information to, among other things, analyze the use of the Site, administer the Site, and gather broad demographic information. RP may share such demographic information with third parties.


Links and Third Parties.


The Site contains links to third party web sites. RP is not responsible for the privacy practices of such third party web sites since any personal information you provide to a third party web site will be controlled by the privacy policy of that third party. You should read the privacy policies of any such third party web sites. RP neither endorses nor makes any guarantee or representation as to the sufficiency, accuracy or completeness of the content or privacy policy of any third party web site to which you may be linked from the Site. This Policy neither governs the practices of any entity not owned or controlled by RP nor does this Policy govern the practices of any subsidiaries or affiliated entities.


Security.


RP takes commercially reasonable precautions to keep your personal information secure. However, RP cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online, and you do so at your own risk.


Newsletters, Special Offers, Updates and Maintenance Tips and Reminders.


When you register an Aprilaire product on the Site you may elect to receive information on products, services, announcements, maintenance tips, and special offers. Additionally, you may elect to receive maintenance reminders relative to Aprilaire products you have purchased, or you may elect to receive literature about Aprilaire products. If you elect to receive any such communications, RP will occasionally send you emails or other information that match your request. If you wish to stop receiving such communications, contact RP at {removed href} {removed hyperref} or by calling (800) 334-6011 and request that you stop receiving such communications.


Childrens Privacy.


RP does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13, and RP does not target the Site to children under the age of 13.


Correction/Updating Personal Information.


You may update or remove your personal information from RPs database. To do so, contact RP at {removed href} {removed hyperref} or by calling (800) 334-6011 and provide RP with the corrected or updated personal information or a request for the removal of your personal information. If you request the removal of your personal information from RPs database, RP will retain a record and documentation of the removal of the personal information from the database for RPs internal records as evidence of the action and compliance with this Policy.


Changes.


RP reserves the right to change this Policy without notice to any party. Any change to this Policy shall become effective upon posting of the revised Policy to the Site. Use of the Site following any change constitutes your acceptance of the revised Policy then in effect.


Questions.


If you have questions about this Policy or if you feel that RP is not abiding by this Policy, please contact {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


