


Scales by ConairTM Life in balance.


{number list}.


{list item}.


Body Analysis.


Why analyze BMI, Body Fat, Body Water and Bone Mass?


{removed href} Learn More.


{list item}.


LIFE IN BALANCE.


A step towards feeling whole.


{removed href} Play Video.


{list item}.


How to Program your Scale.


Learn how to program your preferred scale.


{removed href} Learn More.


{removed href}.


Title.


{removed href}.


OFFICIAL RULES NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY TO ENTER.


ADMINISTRATOR: The Conair Weigh in and Win Online Giveaway (Giveaway) is administrated by Conair Corporation (Administrator), distributor of Conair products.


ELIGIBILITY: Giveaway is open to legal residents of the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Canada who are age 18 or older at the time of entry. Void where prohibited by law. Employees of Conair Corporation, its subsidiaries, affiliated companies, advertising and promotion agencies, electronic media firm, the immediate families of such employees (employees parents, siblings, children and spouses) and members of the same household of such employees, and anyone involved in the production, development or handling of this Giveaway are not eligible. All federal, state, and local laws and regulations apply.


HOW TO ENTER: Submit entry as instructed by voting on what you would like to see added to our website via the survey on {removed hyperref} (Giveaway Website). On February 9, 2012, while supplies last, ten entrants will be selected randomly from all entrants to receive one (1) Weight Watchers by Conair Inspirational Glass Scale (model WW58S). Giveaway begins on January 12, 2012 and ends on February 9, 2012 (the Giveaway Period). Limit of one entry per person or email address. Multiple registrations from the same entrant may result in ineligibility to receive a prize. Administrators computer is the official time-keeping device for Giveaway. Administrator is not responsible for incomplete or incorrect mailing addresses or invalid entries. All entry information collected becomes the sole property of the Administrator and will not be shared or sold.


PRIZES (10 total): Weight Watchers by Conair Inspirational Glass Scale (model WW58S) (up to 37. 99 ARV US each). Total prize value of all 10 prizes is approximately 379. 90 US, plus shipping and handling depending on winner location. Prizes may vary in color, size and other respects from items shown on Giveaway Website, and may be substituted for a similar valued product by the Administrator at the discretion of the Administrator. If applicable, taxes are the winners responsibility. Prizes are not transferable or redeemable for cash. There will be no substitution for prize except as may be necessary due to unavailability, in which case a prize of equal or greater value will be awarded at the Administrators sole discretion. Prizes are awarded as is. Odds of winning depend upon the number of entries received. WINNERS will be notified by email and by having the prize package mailed to the address supplied once contacted by email. No other notification will be provided. Winners can expect to receive their prize within four (4) weeks following the Giveaway end date of 2/9/12 or sooner at the Administrators discretion. Winners will be independently and randomly determined by the Giveaway Administrator, whose decisions regarding this Giveaway are final. Limit of one prize per household. Any prize returned as undeliverable will be awarded to an alternate winner (by random selection from entries per the date returned prize is received by Administrator). Except where prohibited by law, acceptance of a prize shall constitute and signify the winners consent that the Administrator may use the winners name, address (city and state only), likeness (if provided by winner) and any statements made by the winner about the Giveaway and Administrator for promotional purposes, in all forms of media, including online on Facebook, Twitter, etc., in perpetuity and without monetary payment or additional consideration.


GENERAL TERMS: Entrants agree to be bound by these Official Rules. Participants in this Giveaway hereby waive and release, and agree to hold harmless the Administrator, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, advertising and promotion agencies, and all of their respective officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents, from and against, any and all rights, claims and causes of action whatsoever that they may have, or which may arise, against any of them for any liability for any matter, cause of thing whatsoever, including but not limited to any injury, loss, damage, whether direct, compensatory, incidental or consequential, to person, including death and property, arising in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from their acceptance, possession, use or misuse of, or inability to use a prize in the Giveaway, or their participation in the Giveaway, or their participation in any Giveaway or prize related activity. Participants acknowledge that the Administrator and other released entities and individuals have neither made, nor are in any manner responsible or liable for any warranty, representation, or guarantee, expressed or implied, in fact or in law, relative to the prize, including but not limited to its quality, mechanical condition, or fitness, except for any standard limited warranty offered by any manufacturer of the non-cash prize.


INTERNET: Administrator and its agents are not responsible for lost, late, misdirected, damaged, incomplete or illegible entries or Internet technical, hardware, software, telephone, or transmission failures of any kind, which may limit a persons ability to enter the Giveaway. Administrator and its agents are not responsible for any injury or damage to entrants or any other persons computer related to or resulting from entering or downloading any materials in the Giveaway. Administrator reserves the right to cancel or suspend advertising the Giveaway on the Internet should a computer virus, unauthorized intervention or other cause corrupt the integrity or proper conduct of the Giveaway. Administrator reserves the right to disqualify any entrant found to be disrupting the operation of the Giveaway or Giveaway Website. If the integrity of the Internet portion of the Giveaway is compromised in any manner, Administrator reserves the right to modify Giveaway and randomly select winners from valid entries received that are unaffected by the problem. In the event of a dispute as to the identity of any online entrant, entrant will be deemed the individual named on the online entry. All issues and questions concerning these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of the entrant and Administrator in connection with the Giveaway, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the state of Connecticut, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules (whether of Connecticut or any other jurisdiction), which would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than Connecticut. WARNING: ANY ATTEMPT BY A PARTICIPANT TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE THE ADMINISTRATOR OR ADMINISTRATORS WEBSITE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THE GIVEAWAY MAY BE IN VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS, AND SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, THE ADMINISTRATOR RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK REMEDIES AND DAMAGES (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS FEES) FROM ANY SUCH PARTICIPANT TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE LAW, INCLUDING CRIMINAL PROSECUTION.


WINNERS LIST: For a list of winners, send a self-addressed stamped envelope to: Weigh In and Win Giveaway Winners, c/o Samantha Mauro, Conair Corporation, 1 Cummings Point Road, Stamford, CT 06902.


ENTRY BY MAIL: Print your name, phone number, and email address (if you have one) along with your survey submission on a 3x5 piece of paper and send to: Weigh In and Win Giveaway, c/o Samantha Mauro, Conair Corporation, 1 Cummings Point Road, Stamford, CT 06902. Mail-in entries must be postmarked by 2/9/12 and received by 2/16/12.


ADMINISTRATOR: Conair Corporation, 1 Cummings Point Road, Stamford, CT 06902.


Privacy:


{removed href} Conair Privacy Policy.


