


{removed href} Policies PRIVACY POLICY.


Alpine Communications, L. C. and Alpine Long Distance (Alpine) has implemented this Privacy Policy governing the personally identifiable consumer information (PII) collected by this site. This Privacy Policy does not govern PII collected from any other source or in any other manner.


Overview.


This Privacy Policy is intended to provide you with information as to: (i) the type of information that is collected, (ii) how collected information is used and with whom it is shared; (iii) how we intend to protect the information; and (iv) how you can access, modify and/or delete such information.


Collection of Information.


Information You Provide to Us: Alpine collects information about you when you interact; use products or services from this website. Some of this information is automatically collected, and some is collected when you interact with the site. The type of information that is automatically collected can include date and time of access of the site, the Internet protocol address of the computer that you are using, the domain and host from which you access the Internet, your browser software and operating system, and the specific activities you are engaged in while visiting the Site. When you interact with this site, such as by completing an application or form, information such as your name, postal address and email address may be collected. Of course, you may choose not to provide certain information to Alpine, but if so, you may not be able to participate in certain Alpine activities and transactions.


Use of Cookies and Other Technologies: Alpine may use cookies and/or other technologies or files (collectively, cookies) to identify how its visitors make use of this site. This aggregate tracking information is used to help Alpine improve and enhance the website experience for all of its visitors. If you would prefer not to have such cookies stored on your computer, you may modify your browser settings to reject most cookies, or manually remove cookies that have been placed on your computer. However, by so rejecting the cookies, you may be unable to fully access the offerings on this site.


Security of Information: Alpine maintains reasonable standards of confidentiality and security for this site and the PII collected from this site. The PII you provide is secured using industry standard e-commerce security technology. Alpine also restricts its own employees access to PII. However, it is possible that someone may intercept or access communications, transmissions and/or PII. You must also seek to protect against unauthorized access to any passwords and/or accounts that you use in connection with this website, and you should remember to log off of the website once you have completed your activities on the site or if you have decided to step away from your computer. In the event that Alpine determines that there has been a security breach resulting in the unauthorized disclosure of PII to a third party, Alpine will notify consumers whose PII has been so disclosed by regular mail, if possible.


Use and Sharing of Information.


Use of Personal Consumer Information by Alpine: The PII collected by Alpine may be used by Alpine for any lawful purpose, including to communicate with you, respond to your requests, and analyze and improve Alpines websites, its business and/or its service to you. Alpine may use this information to send you e-mail newsletters, promotional offers with respect to goods or services of a particular brand or other types of communications on behalf of Alpine and/or its affiliates. All e-mail newsletters and promotional offers will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of receiving future issues of such newsletters or to opt out of receiving future promotional offers with respect to such brand. Alpine may also use your PII to send you e-mails or other communications on behalf of third parties. All such communications will provide you with the opportunity to opt out of receiving future third party offers from Alpine. You may also, at any time, opt-out of receiving any third-party offers from this site by sending an e-mail to {removed hyperref}.


Disclosure by Alpine of Personal Consumer Information to Other Entities: Where permitted by law, Alpine may disclose aggregated statistics about visitors to its site, along with specific information concerning individual visitors of its site that is not PII, provided that no specific individual can be identified by the information so disclosed. Subject to applicable laws, Alpine may sometimes seek to share the PII it has collected with a third party, and may also sometimes seek to share such PII with companies that are affiliated with Alpine. Alpine may sometimes use a third party, located either within or outside the United States, to provide certain services on its behalf, such as processing transactions, sending e-mails or performing statistical analyses of activity on this website. In the event that Alpine provides any of your PII to such entity, Alpine will require that any such entity maintain the confidentiality of (and not further share) the PII that Alpine has provided to it. Alpine may sometimes share PII with sponsors of promotions on the Alpine site, or with or with sponsors or advertisers of premium content. Alpine will always disclose when you are registering for such a promotion or requesting such content. Alpine will not provide PII to any third party for such partys direct marketing purposes without first providing you with an opportunity to opt-out of such disclosures.


Acquisition of Business: In the event that Alpine is involved in a merger, acquisition, consolidation, restructuring, reorganization, liquidation, sale or similar transaction relating to any portion of its business and/or assets, you hereby acknowledge and agree that the PII relating to visitors of this site that Alpine has collected may be included in the assets, and/or transferred pursuant to, such transaction. If that occurs, Alpine will post a notice to such effect on this website.


Legal Process: Alpine may disclose your PII if it has a reasonable good faith basis to believe that it is required to do so by law, compelled by court order or legal process, or is reasonably necessary and/or appropriate to: (i) protect the rights, property and/or safety of Alpine or any other person or entity; or (ii) prevent or take action concerning any alleged: (a) illegal activity or (b) breach of your Terms and Conditions of Service for any Alpine service or the Privacy Policy of this website. We do not guarantee the security of our database or records, nor that unauthorized parties will not intercept information you send or receive over the internet. The internet, like all networks, is a shared resource, which means that it inherently subjects you and other users to the risk of unauthorized access to your files and data, including PII. If you use Alpines websites or web services or the Internet to send, receive or post personal, confidential or sensitive information, you do so solely at your own risk. In the event we experience a security breach which causes the disclosure of or unauthorized access to your PII, we will notify you of such breach as soon as practical, as required by applicable laws and regulations.


Accessing Your Information: You may update and/or correct the PII collected on the site, or seek to have such information deleted from Alpines records, by logging on to register at {removed hyperref} and following the instructions found therein.


Linked Sites: From time to time, the Alpine website may contain links to other websites that are not controlled and/or maintained by Alpine. Please be aware that these other websites may have different privacy policies which may subject you to different privacy practices. Please review the privacy policies of such other websites for information concerning what information is collected on such sites and how it is used.


Changes in Policy.


Policy Subject to Change: From time to time, Alpines Privacy Policy may change. Alpine will post changes to the Privacy Policy at this site. Please review this Privacy Policy often so that you will remain abreast of Alpines current policies, including its policies concerning the gathering and use of information that may be collected on our site.


Effective Date of Policy: This Privacy Policy was last updated on August 17, 2015 and is effective immediately.


Contact Us.


If you have any questions concerning this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:


Alpine Communications, L. C.


923 Humphrey Street, PO Box 1008.


Elkader, IA 52043.


phone: 563-245-4000.


e-mail: {removed hyperref}.


Governing Law.


This Privacy Policy shall be governed by the laws of the State of Iowa, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Any dispute concerning this Privacy Policy or your use of this site shall be submitted to binding arbitration in the State of Iowa within one (1) year from the date that the cause of action arose (or, if multiple cause of actions are involved, from the date that the first cause of action arose), with such arbitration conducted pursuant to the then prevailing rules of the American Arbitration Association. To the fullest extent permitted by law, no arbitration brought pursuant hereto shall be joined to any other action or any other arbitration initiated pursuant hereto. If any portion of this Privacy Policy is deemed unenforceable, unlawful or void by a court of competent jurisdiction, then that portion of the Privacy Policy will be deemed severable and will not affect the enforceability or validity of the remaining portions of this Privacy Policy.


{removed href} {removed href} Final Alpine Communications Privacy Policy.


Where Service is 1.


When it comes to service calls, we dont ask for a 4-hour window or an 8-hour window, making you work around our schedule. We understand that your time is important which is why all service calls are set up by appointment.


{removed href} Contact Us {removed href}.


Everything is super. The customer service is great... very calm when Ive lost my mind with my computer. I also love the UPS pick up spot... everyone is very knowledgeable. The community connections and what Alpine offers to nonprofits is extremely important and makes Alpine a great {removed hyperref} Customer0 / 5 stars.


Become an Alpine Insider.


Stay up-to-date with the latest information from our thriving, connected community! Sign up to receive our email newsletters, special offers, and company news.


First name Last name Email * * required field.


