


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} PRIVACY POLICY.


Privacy Policy.


INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE.


EvertechUSA Corp. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in any way. EvertechUSA Corp. collects information from our users during the ordering process on our web site.


THE ORDERING PROCESS.


We request information from the user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information (such as name and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customers orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.


COOKIES.


A cookie is a piece of data stored on the users hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. A cookie is used on our site to keep track of the users session in order to maintain the shopping cart. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still browse our site, but will not be able to place orders. If you want to know when this happens, or prevent it from happening, you can set your browser to warn you when a Web site attempts to place a cookie on your computer.


SHARING.


We use FedEx, DHL, USPS, and UPS to ship orders and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies to not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.


SECURITY.


We use the latest in SSL (Secure Socket Layer) Technology to ensure the safety and security of your credit card transaction. The SSL protocol is the web standard for encrypting communications between users and web sites. Data sent via an SSL connection is protected by encryption, a mechanism that prevents eavesdropping and tampering with any transmitted data. SSL provides businesses and consumers with the confidence that private data sent to a web site, such as credit card numbers, are kept confidential. Our SSL certificate is provided by GeoTrust, a leader in identity and security solutions for e-business.


{removed href}.


As an {removed href} {removed hyperref} customer, you may be assured that the information you provide us is secure and will not be available to outside parties. We do not sell, distribute, or in any way disseminate the information you provide to us, including your name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number. We collect only the information necessary to complete your order and secure your transaction. Additionally, we share this information only with the courier companies in order to ship your orders. We collect your e-mail address during the booking process for the purposes of sending a confirmation.


TELL A FRIEND.


If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friends name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. {removed href} {removed hyperref} does not store this information as we only forward one-time email telling him about our website. Your friend may contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} to request that we remove this information from our database.


CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.


We may from time to time amend this policy. Important changes will be prominently announced on our Website to enable all of our users to have the opportunity to review.


{removed href} List of cookies we collect.


The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.


COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description CART The association with your shopping cart. CATEGORYINFO Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly. COMPARE The items that you have in the Compare Products list. CURRENCY Your preferred currency CUSTOMER An encrypted version of your customer id with the store. CUSTOMERAUTH An indicator if you are currently logged into the store. CUSTOMERINFO An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to. CUSTOMERSEGMENTIDS Stores the Customer Segment ID EXTERNALNOCACHE A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not. FRONTEND You sesssion ID on the server. GUEST-VIEW Allows guests to edit their orders. LASTCATEGORY The last category you visited. LASTPRODUCT The most recent product you have viewed. NEWMESSAGE Indicates whether a new message has been received. NOCACHE Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache. PERSISTENTSHOPPINGCART A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site. POLL The ID of any polls you have recently voted in. POLLN Information on what polls you have voted on. RECENTLYCOMPARED The items that you have recently compared. STF Information on products you have emailed to friends. STORE The store view or language you have selected. USERALLOWEDSAVECOOKIE Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies. VIEWEDPRODUCTIDS The products that you have recently viewed. WISHLIST An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist. WISHLISTCNT The number of items in your Wishlist.


