


Privacy Policy.


Annke LLC operates the {removed hyperref} website. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our {removed hyperref} will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at {removed hyperref}.


LEGAL BASIS FOR THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.


If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), our processing of your personal information will be based on the following: To the extent that we obtain your consent for the processing of your personal information such processing will be justified pursuant to Article 6(1) lit. (a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR). If the processing of your personal information is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us or for taking pre-contractual steps upon your request, such processing will be based on GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (b). Where the processing is necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation, we will process your personal information on basis of GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (c), and where the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests, such processing will be made in accordance with GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (f).


Please note that where you have given your consent to the processing of your personal information you may withdraw your consent, for example by sending an e-mail to {removed hyperref} at any time which withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of any processing previously made on basis of your consent.


INTERNATION COLLECTION AND USE.


While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your email address, name, phone number, postal address (Personal Information).


We collect this information for the purpose of providing the Service, identifying and communicating with you, responding to your requests/inquiries, servicing your purchase orders, and improving our services.


LOG DATA.


We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (Log Data). This Log Data may include information such as your computers Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.


In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Services functionality. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.


COOKIES.


Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and transferred to your device. We use cookies to collect information in order to improve our services for you.


You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. The Help feature on most browsers provide information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies or to notify you when receiving a new cookie.


If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our Service and we recommend that you leave them turned on.


DOUBLECLICK COOKIES.


Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Googles use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other web sites on the Internet.


You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page.


BEHAVIORAL REMARKTING.


Our uses remarketing services to advertise on third party web sites to you after you visited our Service. We, and our third party vendors, use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.


DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURE.


We support Do Not Track (DNT). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.


You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.


SERVICE PROVIDERS.


We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services and/or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.


These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform specific tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use your information for any other purpose.


