


{removed href} {removed href} Home {removed href} Privacy Policy {removed href}.


Privacy Policy.


Satco Products, Inc. - Online Privacy Statement.


Satco Products, Inc. respects your privacy. We want to make use of individual identifying information that you provide to us for purposes of serving you better. Individual identifying information is information that enables us to identify you, such as your e-mail address, name, title and address. Satco Products, Inc. uses the individual identifying information in order to personalize your experience on our website and also to be able to selectively send you communications that may be of interest to you, either electronically or otherwise.


Satco Products, Inc. s policy regarding use of your individual identifying information supplied to us or collected via your experience at our online website covers these areas:


1. Notice and Disclosure.


This Online Privacy Statement is made available to you in order to make you aware of how Satco Products, Inc. collects and uses individual identifying information of visitors to Satco Products, Inc. s website.


Satco Products, Inc. collects the following information regarding visitors to our website: domain name, name, information regarding what pages are accessed, information volunteered by you, such as survey information, e-mail address, or site registrations, and your preferred means of communication.


Satco Products, Inc. does not make individual identifying information available to third parties for marketing purposes. Satco Products, Inc. does not use the information for marketing purposes.


2. Choice/Consent.


When you sign up for an e-mail list, you will be given instructions at that time on how to remove yourself from that list.


Access to certain webpages of Satco Products, Inc. or their subsidiaries require a login and password. The use of those webpages, and the information or programs downloadable from those sites, may be governed by a written agreement between your employer and Satco Products, Inc. Your individual identifying information may be retained by Satco Products, Inc. to verify compliance with the agreement, log software licenses granted, to track software downloadable from those pages, or track usage of other applications available on {removed hyperref}.


3. Data Security.


Satco Products, Inc. is committed to taking reasonable steps to protect the individual identifying information that you provide to us.


4. Data Quality and Access.


The accuracy of your individual identifying information is important to Satco Products, Inc. We are working on ways to make it easier for you to review and correct the information that Satco Products, Inc. maintains about you. Registered {removed hyperref} users can review their individual identifying information by accessing {removed hyperref}.


5. Use of Cookies.


A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages youve visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie cant read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Some parts of {removed hyperref} use cookies to track user traffic patterns. We do this in order to determine the usefulness of {removed hyperref} information to our users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information. Satco Products, Inc. does not correlate this information with data about individual users, nor does it share this information or sell it to any third party.


If you prefer not to receive cookies on {removed hyperref}, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use any area of {removed hyperref}.


Satco Products, Inc uses one or more companies to place advertisements for our products and services and those of third parties on our Site and third-party sites. Cookies and other technologies such as Web beacons or tags are used to measure the effectiveness of our ads and to determine the display of content and advertising to you based on your interests both on our site, as well as on third-party sites and mobile apps where you may visit. To support this interest based advertising solution, we, and companies who we have contracted with, may use non-personally identifiable information about your visits to our and other Web sites. The information collected does not enable any third-party to identify you individually, without appropriate notice or consent.


Although it is our hope that you find the display of advertising to you based on your non-personally identifying browsing interests valuable, if you would prefer not to participate in the services offered through these solutions, you can always opt-out of this activity by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) website by clicking {removed href} {removed hyperref}. asp.


{removed href} [{removed hyperref}; a56d87db5e204814e6b5d360e5810f7efc61e157; 35270; 2021-03-16 09: 43: 06] [OUT] [0] [200] [1. 0].


