


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} Privacy Policy.


Website Privacy Policy.


LAST UPDATED: DECEMBER 15, 2020.


This Website Privacy Policy (Policy) describes how we, RB, collect, use, and disclose information we obtain about visitors to our websites, our social media pages that we control, and other on-line or mobile services, applications, or advertisements (Our Sites), including use of the services available through Our Sites (Services). Unless otherwise provided for in this Policy, this Policy does not pertain to other information that is collected offline.


BY USING OUR SITES, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE REVIEWED THIS POLICY IN ITS ENTIRETY AND YOU CONSENT TO OUR HANDLING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AS STATED BELOW AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH OUR TERMS OF SERVICE, INCLUDING ITS APPLICABLE LIMITATIONS ON DAMAGES AND THE RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SITES OR SERVICES.


Sections within this Policy:


{bullet list}.


{list item} {removed href} Personal Information Collected.


{list item} {removed href} Use of Information Collected.


{list item} {removed href} Sharing and Disclosure of Information.


{list item} {removed href} Childrens Privacy.


{list item} {removed href} Choices About Your Personal Information.


{list item} {removed href} Product Review Boards, Chat Rooms, Forums, and Other Posting Areas.


{list item} {removed href} Promotions with Third Parties.


{list item} {removed href} Third-Party Web Sites.


{list item} {removed href} International Transfers.


{list item} {removed href} Do-Not-Track.


{list item} {removed href} Cookies.


{list item} {removed href} Summary of Information Practices.


{list item} {removed href} Your California Privacy Rights.


{list item} {removed href} Rewards Program.


{list item} {removed href} Security.


{list item} {removed href} Contact Us.


{list item} {removed href} Changes to this Policy.


A. Personal Information Collected.


We may collect personal information about you in a variety of ways, including directly from you as well as automatically through your use of Our Sites or Services.


(1) INFORMATION WE COLLECT DIRECTLY FROM YOU.


We may collect the following personal information directly from you:


{number list}.


{list item} If you create an account with us (which may be required to access certain features of Our Site and Services), we may collect your first and last name, email address, preferred password, your childs date of birth, your childs gender, your childs name, and health care provider number;


{list item} In connection with your account and, if provided by you, we may collect your date of birth, mailing address, and answers to survey questions regarding goods and services that may be of interest to you;


{list item} If you purchase a product or service via Our Sites, we may collect your first and last name, email address, mailing address, and billing information;


{list item} If you contact us with a question related to our products or services, we may collect your first and last name, email address or phone number, and product or service details;


{list item} If you choose to participate in a contest or sweepstakes, we may collect your first and last name, date of birth, and email address; and/or.


{list item} If you apply for a job, we may collect your first and last name, email address, mailing address, your education and work history, and other information you may provide to us when applying.


(2) INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY.


We may automatically collect the following information (including some personal information) about your use of Our Sites or Services.


{number list}.


{list item} DEVICE AND USAGE INFORMATION: We collect information about how you access our Sites or Services, including data about the device and network you use, such as your domain name, device ID, browser type and operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, the referring Uniform Resource Locator (URL), and the webpage that led you to Our Sites. We also collect information about your activity on our Sites, including the web pages you view, links, buttons and images you click, the length of time you visit Our Sites and/or use our Services.


{list item} TRANSACTIONAL INFORMATION: When you make a purchase or return, we collect information about the transaction, such as the product details, purchase price, and data and location of the transaction.


{list item} INFORMATION COLLECTED BY COOKIES AND SIMILAR TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES: We may collect information about your use of Our Sites and Services through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, please see the section Cookies below.


(3) INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM OTHER SOURCES.


We may also obtain information about you from other sources. For example, we collect information about you from advertising networks, social networks, data analytic providers and other third-party sources.


(4) INFORMATION WE DERIVE.


We may derive information or draw inferences about you based on the information we or our partners collect. For example, we may make inferences about your location based on your IP address or infer that you are looking to purchase certain products based on your browsing behavior and past purchases.


B. Use of Information Collected.


We may use your information, including your personal information, for the following purposes:


{number list}.


{list item} To provide our Services to you, to communicate with you about your use of our Services, to respond to your inquiries, to fulfill your orders, and for other customer service purposes.


{list item} To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, to offer location customization, and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using Our Sites or Services.


{list item} For marketing and promotional purposes. For example, we may use your personal information, such as your email address, to send you newsletters, marketing emails, special offers, and promotions, or to otherwise contact you about products or information we think may interest you. We also may use the personal information that we collect to assist us in advertising our Services on third-party websites.


{list item} To better understand how users access and use Our Sites and Services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, in order to improve Our Sites and Services and respond to user desires and preferences, and for other research and analytical purposes.


{list item} To protect us and others, including as necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or potential threats to the rights and property of RB, the safety of any person, or as necessary to comply with law.


{list item} To debug, identify, and repair errors in Our Sites and Services.


{list item} To administer contests, petitions, and sweepstakes.


{list item} To administer our rewards program.


C. Sharing and Disclosure of Information.


We may share your personal information, as follows:


{number list}.


{list item} AFFILIATES. We may disclose the personal information we collect from you with affiliates with which we share common branding; however, if we do so, their use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information will be subject to this Policy.


{list item} SERVICE PROVIDERS. We may disclose the personal information we collect from you to third-party vendors, contractors or agents, that perform functions on our behalf for specific business purposes, such as order processing and fulfillment, customer service, research, administration of contests and sweepstakes, sending and tailoring communications, and performing data analytics.


{list item} BUSINESS TRANSFERS. If we are acquired by or merged with another company, if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the other company.


{list item} IN RESPONSE TO LEGAL PROCESS. We also may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena.


{list item} TO PROTECT US AND OTHERS. We also may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the rights and property of RB or others or the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.


{list item} AGGREGATE, ANONYMIZED, AND DE-IDENTIFIED INFORMATION. We may share aggregate, anonymized, or de-identified information about users that cannot reasonably be used to identify you.


We do not authorize these third parties to use your data for purposes other than for which it has been provided, and do not authorize these third parties to disclose that information to unauthorized parties or use that information for their direct marketing purposes.


D. Childrens Privacy.


Our Site and Services are not directed to individuals under the age of 13, and we request that these individuals not provide personal information through the Service. If your child has submitted Personal Information and you would like to request that such Personal Information be removed, please contact us as outlined below under Contact Us.


We do not knowingly sell or otherwise disclose the personal information of minors under the age of 16.


E. Choices About My Personal Information.


You may modify your personal information that you have submitted by logging into your account and updating your profile information, or contacting us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. Please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified, or deleted may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Site for a period of time.


We may communicate with you via email if you purchase products or services from us. For example, we may email you to confirm and otherwise facilitate your purchase, send you information about changes to our products and/or services, and, if applicable, send you notices and other disclosures as required by law. Generally, you cannot opt-out of these informational communications.


We may also send you marketing or promotional emails. You may opt-out of such communications by following the opt-out instructions contained in the email. Please note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process opt-out requests. If you opt-out of receiving these marketing or promotional emails please note that, as described above, we may still send you emails in certain circumstances.


F. Product Review Boards, Chat Rooms, Forums, and Other Posting Areas.


We may offer public interactive forums and review boards through Our Sites, like discussion boards, product reviews, chat rooms, community forums, wikis, social networking platforms and blogs. When you participate in such offerings, your username, postings and other personal information you choose to provide or communicate in these public spaces may be seen by others, and you should exercise caution when disclosing such information and realize that information you post could remain viewable in cached or archived webpages or copied and stored by other users even after you remove it. We cannot control the actions of other users of Our Sites, and we are not responsible for the results of your postings.


By connecting your properties account and your social media account, you authorize us to share information with your social media account provider, and you understand that the use of the information we share will be governed by the social media providers privacy policy.


G. Promotions with Third Parties.


From time to time we will work with other companies to offer a joint promotion or a special offer to you with a third-party. Please note that when you provide information for these promotions it will be indicated whether you are providing your information directly to us or to the third-party to use for their own marketing purposes. When you do provide your information for their purposes, their use of your information will be governed by that partys own privacy policy.


H. Third-Party Web Sites.


This Policy applies solely to information collected on this Site. The Site may contain links to other websites, and any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this Policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other websites.


I. International Transfers.


We are a global company, with offices located in many countries. As such, your personal information may be stored in a country other than the United States in servers or in locations where we have a global office or where a global service provider is situated, whose data privacy and security rules will be different from those found in the United States.


J. Do-Not-Track.


Currently, our systems do not recognize browser do-not-track requests because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed. We may honor do not track signals in the future. You may, however, disable certain tracking by disabling cookies or opting-out of targeted advertising as noted below.


K. Cookies.


We use cookies and other tracking mechanisms to improve our Services and provide you with the best possible experience. We use cookies to track your preferences and purchases as you navigate through our Site and to save you from having to re-enter information every time you visit our Site. By using cookies to track your visits, we can make your next shopping experience on our Site better. To search our Site and/or place an order, you need to have the cookies feature of your web browser turned on. We may also use technologies, such as our own cookies, to provide you with personalized online display advertising tailored to your interests.


Some cookies are necessary to make the Site work properly. These cookies can be disabled, but the Sites and Services may not work properly. Other types of cookies go towards functionality, personalization, performance or analytics, which are optional. These optional cookies may be disabled should you elect to opt-out from having them collected from you.


(1) TYPES OF COOKIES.


Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computers hard drive through your web browser for record-keeping purposes. Some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to navigate Our Site and Services, while others are used to enable a faster log-in process or to allow us to track your activities at Our Site and Services. There are two types of cookies: session and persistent cookies.


{number list}.


{list item} SESSION COOKIES. Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser or turn off your computer. We use session cookies to allow our systems to uniquely identify you during a session or while you are logged into Our Site. This allows us to process your online transactions and requests and verify your identity, after you have logged in, as you move through Our Site.


{list item} PERSISTENT COOKIES. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you have closed your browser or turned off your computer. We use persistent cookies to track aggregate and statistical information about user activity.


Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Visitors to Our Site who disable cookies will be able to browse certain areas of the Site, but some features may not function.


(2) LOCAL STORAGE OBJECTS.


We may use Flash Local Storage Objects (Flash LSOs) to store your site preferences and to personalize your visit. Flash LSOs are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data stored. Typically, you cannot control, delete, or disable the acceptance of Flash LSOs through your web browser. For more information on Flash LSOs, or to learn how to manage your settings for Flash LSOs, go to the Adobe Flash Player Help Page, choose Global Storage Settings Panel and follow the instructions. To see the Flash LSOs currently on your computer, choose Website Storage Settings Panel and follow the instructions to review and, if you choose, to delete any specific Flash LSO.


(3) CLEAR GIFS, PIXEL TAGS AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES.


Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computers hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages. We may use clear GIFs (a. k. a. web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags), in connection with Our Site to, among other things, track the activities of Our Site visitors, help us manage content, and compile statistics about site usage. We and our third-party service providers also use clear GIFs in HTML emails to our customers, to help us track email response rates, identify when our e-mails are viewed, and track whether our emails are forwarded.


(4) THIRD-PARTY ANALYTICS.


We use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate usage of Our Site. We also may use other analytic means to evaluate Our Site. We use these tools to help us improve Our Sites performance and user experiences. These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as web beacons or local storage objects (Flash LSOs), to perform their services. To learn more about Googles privacy practices, please review the Google Privacy Policy at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. You can also download the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on to prevent their data from being used by Google Analytics at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


CROSS-DEVICE USE. We and our third-party service providers, including Google, may use the information that we collect about you (whether directly from Our Site, through your device(s), or from a third-party) to help us and our third-party service providers identify other devices that you use (e. g., a mobile phone, tablet, other computer, etc.). We, and our third-party service providers also may use the cross-device use and other information we learn about you to serve targeted advertising on your devices and to send you emails. To opt-out of cross-device advertising, you may follow the instructions set forth in the Third-Party Ad Networks section below. Please note: if you opt-out of these targeted advertising cookies, your opt-out will be specific to the web browser or device from which you accessed the opt-out. If you use multiple devices or web browsers, you will need to opt-out each browser or device that you use.


(5) THIRD-PARTY AD NETWORKS.


We use third-parties such as network advertisers to display advertisements on Our Sites, to assist us in displaying advertisements on third-party websites, and to evaluate the success of our advertising campaigns. Network advertisers are third-parties that display advertisements based on your visits to Our Site as well as other websites. This enables us and these third-parties to target advertisements by displaying ads for products and services in which you might be interested. Third-party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors, and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs, and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third-party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third-partys specific privacy policy, not this one. We may provide these third-party advertisers with information about your usage of Our Site and our Services, as well as aggregate or de-identified information about visitors to Our Site and users of our Services.


You may opt-out of many third-party ad networks, including those operated by members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). For more information regarding this practice by NAI members and DAA members, and your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including how to opt-out of third-party ad networks operated by NAI and DAA members, please visit their respective websites: {removed href} {removed hyperref}/ {removed hyperref} (NAI) and {removed href} {removed hyperref} (DAA).


Opting out of one or more NAI member or DAA member networks (many of which will be the same) only means that those members no longer will deliver targeted content or ads to you. It does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content or ads on Our Site or other websites. You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing. Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different computer or change web browsers, your NAI or DAA opt-out may no longer be effective. Additional information is available on NAIs and DAAs websites accessible by the above links.


L. Summary of Information Practices.


The following table summarizes our personal information collection, use, and sharing practices in the preceding 12-months since we last updated this Policy.


IDENTIFIERS Examples: Full name, email address, phone number You; Tracking technologies on the Site Processing or fulfilling transactions; providing customer services, managing and improving Site functionality; Protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity Affiliates; IT and cloud providers; analytics, marketing and social media providers; other service providers; Third parties that assume control over all or part of the business in connection with a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or similar event CHARACTERISTICS OF PROTECTED CLASSIFICATIONS UNDER CALIFORNIA OR FEDERAL LAW Examples: Age, gender You Processing or fulfilling transactions; providing customer services COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY Examples: Information about goods or services purchased or considered You; your mobile device and computer used to access the Site Processing or fulfilling transactions; providing customer, analytic, or marketing services INTERNET AND OTHER NETWORK ACTIVITY Examples: Browsing activity You; your mobile device and computer used to access the Site Processing or fulfilling transactions; providing customer, analytic, or marketing services PROFESSIONAL OR EMPLOYMENT-RELATED INFORMATION Examples: Job history You, and outside sources, such as credit bureaus Processing and fulfilling employment applications; facilitating administrative purposes Service providers, such as HR vendors or cloud providers INFERENCE DATA Product preferences Your mobile device and computer used to access the Site; tracking technologies Providing analytic or marketing services.


SALE OF INFORMATION. We do not sell any of your personal information for money to any third parties. Any unintentional or incidental information exchanges with our third-party partners are not intended to be for consideration. However, we do use cookies and other tracking technologies, which may in some cases constitute the sale of personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) or other privacy laws. If you would rather that we do not share your information for these purposes, see how to opt-out below.


M. Your California Privacy Rights.


If you are a California resident, you have the right to know what personal information we collect, use, disclose or sell about you under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). Additionally, you have to right to request access to and delete your personal information, opt-out of the sale of personal information, and be free from discrimination for exercising these rights.


To exercise these privacy rights, please follow the instructions below:


{bullet list}.


{list item} HOW TO REQUEST ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION. You may request access to your personal information twice in a 12-month period. To do so, please complete the {REMOVED HREF} WEBFORM, email us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} or call 1-800-526-6251. We will respond with an Access Request detailing the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected, used, disclosed or sold about you. Please note that we may not always be able to fully address your request; for example, if confidentiality or legal obligations apply.


{list item} HOW TO REQUEST DELETION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION. You may request that we delete the personal information we collected about you twice in a 12-month period. To do so, please complete the {REMOVED HREF} WEBFORM, email us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} or call 1-800-526-6251. Please note that we may need to retain certain personal information about you as permitted by law, such as to complete a transaction or comply with our legal obligations. HOW TO OPT-OUT OF THE SALE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION: You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. To opt-out of the sale of your personal information, please click {removed href} Do Not Sell My Personal Information or complete the {REMOVED HREF} WEBFORM.


VERIFICATION. To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or considering your deletion request. Upon receipt of your request, we will send you a verification form to your designated email address. To complete your request, please respond to the verification form when you receive it.


AUTHORIZED AGENTS. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. We may ask for evidence that you have provided such agent with power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf.


For any further information regarding your CCPA rights, please contact us as outlined below.


N. Rewards Programs.


We offer a variety of rewards programs and sweepstakes. If you are a California resident, you may be entitled to know the nature of these financial incentives and how we value your personal information collected from these programs. Through these offerings, consumers provide us with some personal information (e. g., names, emails, phone numbers, address, online activities, transaction history, etc.) when they opt-in to our programs. There is no obligation to opt-in and consumers can opt-out at any time. If you join a rewards program, we use the personal information that you provide to better engage with you. Generally, we do not assign monetary or other value to your personal information. We may award You with points for signing up for a program or participating in events. Those points can be put towards product purchases. We do not assign points based on the sharing of personal information. We would calculate the value of your personal information to our business as equal to the value of any financial incentives that you may have received through the programs. You can opt-in to, or opt-out of, our programs at any time through the same means they are offered or by contacting us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


O. Security.


No method of data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 secure, so, we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us. We do incorporate commercially reasonable technical and administrative means intended to provide security on our systems from corruption, loss, unauthorized access, or misuse. You should also take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity. If you feel that the security of any information or any account that you have with us may have been compromised, please contact us immediately as outlined below.


P. Contact Us.


If you have any questions about this Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} or 1-800-526-6251 or write to us at:


RB 399 Interpace Parkway Parsippany, NJ 07054-0225 Attn: Consumer Relations.


All information you provide in any written communication will also be covered by this Policy.


Q. Changes to this Policy.


This Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. We may change this Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Policy on Our Site.


{removed href} Return to Top.


