


This privacy policy sets out how Euri Lighting uses and protects any information that you give to Euri Lighting when you use this website. Euri Lighting is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our website and will not sell or provide any non-public personal information to anyone without your written consent. Any information that we ask you to provide when using this website, you can be assured that it will be used in accordance with this privacy statement.


This policy is effective March 1, 2015, and may be updated in the future. Any changes to this privacy policy will be posted here and unless otherwise noted on our website.


Web content.


Specifications are subject to change without notice. Please contact our customer service department at 888-743-5766 or email us to verify any specifications or content.


Information we collect.


Euri Lighting collects general information and non-public information.


In order to provide you with our services and successfully process you Euri Lighting product orders, we may have to collect some or all of the information in order to ensure smooth handling and order processing.


{number list}.


{list item} your name, company name, and title.


{list item} contact information, including email address.


{list item} demographic information such as postcode, preferences, and interests.


{list item} other information relevant to your order, including customer surveys and/or offers.


What do we do with the information we gather.


Your information is required to efficiently process your orders and to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, which includes:


{number list}.


{list item} order processing and internal record keeping.


{list item} we may use your information to improve our products and services.


{list item} we may use your information to contact you by email, phone, fax or mail for market research purpose. The information you provide will help us customize the website according to your interest.


Euri Lighting collects our general information through the use of cookies and server-based tracking systems to view the usage of the website.


Non-public personal information is collected through registration or contact forms on this site and will never be used for any purpose other than internal use.


Cookies.


Cookies are randomly generated by unique numbers and placed on your computer. It allows us to identify your computer without requiring your disclosure of any non-public personal information. Cookies make it possible to both store and retrieve information through your internet browser. A cookie itself cannot read information off a hard drive or read cookie files from other sites. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes, and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customers we need. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and will remove this data regularly for maintenance.


Personal information.


Your personal information will not be sold, shared, or leased to any third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to process your orders and to send you promotional information about third parties with your permission.


Euri Lighting provides you with the opportunity to change your non-public information online for all registration information. Please contact Euri Lighting to change any non-public personal information you provided to us.


If you have any questions or concerns about any privacy issues, please contact us.


WHERE TO BUY.


Euri is available in-store or online at the following retailers. All retailers listed on this list are certified resellers of Euri products which ensure you are protected by the Euri manufacturer warranty {removed href} Scroll To Top.


