


Kala Marketplace Your Online Shopping Experience. Personalized.


Privacy and Data Use Policy.


Kala knows how important it is to our members to maintain the security and privacy of your personal information. Transparency is extremely important to us, and Kala is committed to respecting your privacy and safeguarding your data. This Privacy and Data Use Policy is designed to clearly explain our privacy practices, including the information we collect and how that information is used.


Kala uses your information only for the purposes outlined in this Policy. We will not sell or provide your data to unrelated third parties. Business Partners or Vendors may receive some of your information in order to provide you with the services described in this Policy.


This Privacy and Date Use Policy is effective as of March 1, 2019. By using Kala, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy and Data Usage Policy. If you do not agree or are not comfortable with any policy described in this Privacy and Data Usage Policy, you may elect to discontinue use of Kala. We will periodically update the Policy to reflect our current privacy and data usage policies. We will notify you via email, text or other notice on Kala of any material changes to this policy before those changes become effective.


{bullet list}.


{list item} {removed href} Definitions Terms.


{list item} {removed href} Information Collected or Received.


{list item} {removed href} Information Uses.


{list item} {removed href} Communications.


{list item} {removed href} Your Choices Control.


{list item} {removed href} Sharing Disclosure.


{list item} {removed href} Policy on Children.


{list item} {removed href} Security.


{list item} {removed href} Privacy Policy Changes.


{list item} {removed href} Contact Kala.


DEFINITIONS TERMS.


Kala means the Kala Online Retail Marketplace program owned and provided by Triliant, LLC and accessed by you under this agreement via the {removed hyperref} website, the Kala mobile application, and other access points.


Vendors means, collectively, third parties that perform business operations on behalf of Triliant, such as transaction processing, billing, mailing, communications services (e-mail, direct mail, etc.), marketing, data processing and analytics, servicing, collections, or ad management.


Business Partners means, collectively, the retailers, merchants, service organizations, consumer goods companies, and other third party businesses enrolled in or employed by Kala to perform services on our behalf. Examples include 3 rd party sellers who list products and fulfill orders, as well as service organizations used to process payments, track your order shipments, provide customer service support, and send messages and communications such as email.


INFORMATION COLLECTED OR RECEIVED.


INFORMATION YOU GIVE US. In order to use Kalas services, we require certain information to register and place orders such as your name, email address, date of birth, gender, mailing address, and payment methods. You may review and modify this information through your account settings at any time. We also collect other information that does not personally identify you, such as those relating to your product interests, personal preferences, and deal offers. When you provide personal information through Kala, the information may be sent to servers located in other countries around the world.


INFORMATION WE GET FROM YOUR USE OF KALA. We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, like when you visit the Kala website, mobile app, or the website of one of our Business Partners. This information includes:


{number list}.


{list item} Device information - we may collect information from your mobile device or browser when you install, access, or otherwise visit the Kala site or mobile app, including your IP address, location data or your device identifier. Kala may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your account. This information may be used to provide you with a more personalized experience and product offers, to combat and prevent fraudulent activity, or to better understand how Kalas services are working for our members and visitors. If you have provided consent to share your device location but no longer wish to continue sharing that information with us, you may revoke your consent to the sharing of that information through the settings on the Apps or on your mobile device.


{list item} Log information when you use Kala or view content provided by Kala, we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs. This may include details of how you used Kala so we can continue to provide better experiences and new functionality for our members.


{list item} Local storage we may collect and store information locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches. We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Kala service, and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device. We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services we offer to our partners, such as Kala features that may appear on other sites.


INFORMATION WE GATHER FROM THIRD PARTIES. We may also periodically obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from Business Partners, contractors and other third parties. Examples of information that we may receive include social media information and purchasing data.


INFORMATION USES.


We (or our Vendors on our behalf), use information collected about you, as described in this Privacy and Data Use Policy, to:


{number list}.


{list item} Operate, maintain and improve our services;


{list item} Provide you with personalized offers and recommendations for products and services from us and participating Business Partners;


{list item} Evaluate and analyze your eligibility for certain types of offers, products or services that may be of interest to you, and analyze advertising effectiveness;


{list item} Answer your questions and respond to your requests;


{list item} Perform analytics and conduct customer research;


{list item} Communicate and provide additional information that may be of interest to you about Kala and our Business Partners;


{list item} Send you reminders, notifications and updates, security alerts, customer support and administrative messages, service bulletins, marketing messages, and requested information, including on behalf of Business Partners;


{list item} Administer rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, reviews, or other promotional activities or events sponsored by us or our Business Partners;


{list item} Manage our everyday business needs, such as administration of Kala, analytics, fraud prevention, and enforcement of our corporate reporting obligations and Terms of Service, or to comply with the law; and to.


{list item} Allow you to post content or sign up for special offers from merchants, Business Partners, or third parties through Kala.


COMMUNICATIONS.


We hate getting spam as much as you do in fact its one of the reasons we created Kala. From time to time, however, we may need to contact you with information, announcements and updates, or support requests about your account or orders. Examples of such messages include order confirmations, customer support requests and follow ups, shipping notifications, and policy changes. These messages are typically delivered by email, text, or other push notification. Every account is required to maintain a valid email address with kala to ensure you receive these messages.


You may elect to opt-out of ongoing communications from us, such as offers, newsletters, subscriptions, account information, promotional materials, contest results, survey inquiries, etc. by using a simple opt out procedure within Kalas My Account page. You may choose to subscribe to some types of messages, and may choose to unsubscribe from others at any time. However, if you opt-out of receiving our announcements and updates about your account, you may no longer have access to areas restricted to account members. If you wish to opt out of receiving offers directly from our Business Partners, you may opt-out by following the instructions in the emails that they send you.


YOUR CHOICES CONTROL.


We know that our members should have control over their own information, which is why Kala gives you the choice of providing, editing or removing certain information, as well as options about how youre contacted. You may change or update your account information through your account settings, and may also remove certain optional information that you no longer wish to be publicly visible through Kala.


Kala may send communications to you about our services or your activity, some of which are required, service-related notification for members such as transactional messages or legal notices. Other communications, such as newsletters and product review reminders, are not required. You can control whether you receive these optional messages by modifying your notification options in your my account page.


If you no longer wish to use the Services or receive service-related messages, then you may elect to close your account.


SHARING DISCLOSURE.


While Kala is committed to protecting your personal privacy, there are certain occasions where we (or our Vendors on our behalf) may share information collected about you, or the results or our evaluation and analysis of such information:


{number list}.


{list item} As required or permitted by law:


{list item} With our Vendors to provide services for us and who are required to protect your information;


{list item} With Business Partners to 1) facilitate a direct relationship with you, including in connection with any program we administer on behalf of the Business Partner, and 2) to enable electronic communications with you as part of purchase, offer, contest, program, or other activity in which you have elected to participate;


{list item} With a purchaser of Triliant (or its assets);


{list item} To comply with legal orders and government requests, or as needed to support auditing, compliance, and corporate governance functions;


{list item} To combat fraud or criminal activity, and to protect our rights or those of our Affiliates, users, and Business Partners, or as part of legal proceedings affecting Triliant;


{list item} In response to a subpoena, or similar legal process, including to law enforcement agencies, regulators, and courts in the United States and other countries where we operate; or.


{list item} With your consent.


We encourage Business Partners to adopt and post privacy policies. However, their use of your information obtained through Kala is governed by their privacy policies and is not subject to our control.


We may share aggregated, non-personal information in any of the above situations and also with advertisers and others.


If you post information about yourself or others, or communicate with others using our website, please note that we cannot always control who reads your postings or what they do with the information you provide. We encourage you to use caution in posting personal information.


CHILDREN.


Kala is not intended for use by people under the age of 18, nor do we knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 18. We do not intentionally orient Kala toward children or target them as an audience, nor are we able to necessarily screen them from using Kala. Some material on Kala may be intended for mature audiences, and parents and guardians should take responsibility for monitoring their childrens use. Kala does not collect or distribute information indicating whether a user is a child.


SECURITY.


Kala works hard to protect the security of your personal information and prevent unauthorized access to our systems and to your account. In order to further limit access and provide more robust security, your credit card information is securely stored with our payment provider, displaying only the last four digits of your credit card numbers in Kala during the checkout process and in your account management page.


It is also important for you as a user to protect against any unauthorized access to your account. When not using Kala, please be sure to sign out especially when using a public or shared device, and ensure that you create a strong password to better protect your account.


Because we do not control the security of the Internet or other networks you use to access Kala or communicate with us, we cant be, and are not responsible for, the security of information that you choose to communicate with Kala and the Site while it is being transmitted. In addition, Kala is not responsible for any data lost during transmission.


PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES.


We reserve the right to amend or update our Privacy and Data Use policy on occasion.


When this does happen, Kala will alert you via email, text or other notification on Kala of any material changes to this policy before those changes become effective. That way, you have the control to determine whether you wish to continue using our services. Your acceptance of the changes may be through your continued use of Kala after the changes become effective.


CONTACT KALA.


If you have any questions about this policy, you can contact Kalas support team by sending an email to {removed hyperref}. Please be sure to indicate the nature of your question or concern.


