


PRIVACY POLICY.


hello, Wonderful (COMPANY, WE, or US) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through this Privacy Policy.


This Privacy Policy governs your access to and use of {removed hyperref}, including any content, functionality and services offered on or through {removed hyperref} (the WEBSITE), whether as a guest or a registered user.


When accessing the Website, the Company will learn certain information about you, both automatically and through voluntary actions you may take, during your visit. This policy applies to information we collect on the Website and in email, text, or other electronic messages between you and the Website.


Please read the Privacy Policy carefully before you start to use the Website. BY USING THE WEBSITE OR BY CLICKING TO ACCEPT OR AGREE TO THE TERMS OF USE WHEN THIS OPTION IS MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND AND ABIDE BY THE PRIVACY POLICY. If you do not want to agree to the Privacy Policy, you must not access or use the Website.


CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13.


Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use.


If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at {removed hyperref}.


INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU.


When you access the Website, the Company will learn certain information about you during your visit.


INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US. The Website provides various places for users to provide information. We collect information that users provide by filling out forms on the Website, communicating with us via contact forms, responding to surveys, search queries on our search feature, providing comments or other feedback, and providing information when ordering a product or service via the Website.


We use information you provide to us to deliver the requested product and/or service, to improve our overall performance, and to provide you with offers, promotions, and information.


INFORMATION WE COLLECT THROUGH AUTOMATIC DATA COLLECTION TECHNOLOGY. As you navigate through our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies including Google Analytics to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. This will generally include information about your location, your traffic pattern through our website, and any communications between your computer and our Website. Among other things, we will collect data about the type of computer you use, your Internet connection, your IP address, your operating system, and your browser type.


The information we collect automatically is used for statistical data and will not include personal information. We use this data to improve our Website and our service offerings. To the extent that you voluntarily provide personal information to us, our systems will associate the automatically collected information with your personal information.


USE OF COOKIES AND PIXELS.


Similar to other commercial websites, our website utilizes a standard technology called cookies and server logs to collect information about how our site is used. Information gathered through cookies and server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our site, and the websites visited just before and just after our own, as well as your IP address.


A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a website, that sites computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browsers preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.


The Company reserves the right to use technological equivalents of cookies, including social media pixels. These pixels allow social media sites to track visitors to outside websites so as to tailor advertising messages users see while visiting that social media website. The Company reserves the right to use these pixels in compliance with the policies of the various social media sites.


THIRD PARTY USE OF COOKIES.


Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.


We do not control these third parties tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.


You may opt out of the use of cookies by {removed href} Google Analytics here.


EMAIL INFORMATION.


If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received online, mail, and telephone. This also applies when you register for our website, sign up through any of our forms using your email address or make a purchase on this site. For further information see the email policies below.


EMAIL POLICIES.


We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not sell, rent, or lease our subscription lists to third parties, and will not disclose your email address to any third parties except as allowed in the section titled Disclosure of Your Information.


We will maintain the information you send via e-mail in accordance with applicable federal law.


In compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act, all e-mails sent from our organization will clearly state who the e-mail is from and provide clear information on how to contact the sender. In addition, all e-mail messages will also contain concise information on how to remove yourself from our mailing list so that you receive no further e-mail communication from us.


Our emails provide users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners by reading the unsubscribe instructions located at the bottom of any e-mail they receive from us at anytime.


Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the e-mail.


HOW AND WHY WE COLLECT INFORMATION.


The Company collects your information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select. If you register to download a book or resources, sign up for our newsletter, and/or purchase a product from us, we collect your information. We use this information to track your preferences and to keep you informed about the products and services you have selected to receive and any related products and/or services. As a visitor to this Website, you can engage in most activities without providing any personal information. It is only when you seek to download resources and/or register for services that you are required to provide information.


If you are outside the European Union and opt to receive any free resources, participate in any free training programs, register for a webinar, register for a live event, register for a seminar, or purchase any products sold by the Company on this Website, we will automatically enroll you to receive our free email newsletter. If you do not wish to receive this newsletter, you can unsubscribe anytime. We include an unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email we send. If you ever have trouble unsubscribing, you can send an email to {removed hyperref} requesting to unsubscribe from future emails.


If you are in the European Union and opt to receive any free resources, participate in any free training programs, register for a webinar, register for a live event, register for a seminar, or purchase any products sold by the Company on this Website, we will only enroll you to receive our free email newsletter if you affirmatively consent to it. If you do not wish to receive this newsletter, you can unsubscribe anytime. We include an unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email we send. If you ever have trouble unsubscribing, you can send an email to {removed href} {removed hyperref} requesting to unsubscribe from future emails.


HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE TO US?


We use personal information for purposes of presenting our Website and its contents to you, providing you with information, providing you with offers for products and services, providing you with information about your subscriptions and products, carrying out any contract between you and the Company, administering our business activities, providing customer service, and making available other items and services to our customers and prospective customers.


From time-to-time, we may use the information you provide to us to make you offers to purchase products and services provided by third parties in exchange for a commission to be paid to us by such third parties. Should you opt to take part in such promotions, the third parties will receive your information.


From time-to-time, we may use the information you provide to us to display advertisements to you that are tailored to your personal characteristics, interests, and activities.


DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION.


As a general rule, we do not sell, rent, lease or otherwise transfer any information collected whether automatically or through your voluntary action.


We may disclose your personal information to our subsidiaries, affiliates, and service providers for the purpose of providing our services to you.


We may disclose your personal information to a third party, including a lawyer or collection agency, when necessary to enforce our terms of service or any other agreement between you and the Company.


We may provide your information to any successor in interest in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Companys asserts and/or business.


We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights or when compelled by a court or other governmental entity to do so.


HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION AND SECURE INFORMATION TRANSMISSIONS?


We employ commercially reasonable methods to ensure the security of the information you provide to us and the information we collect automatically. This includes using standard security protocols and working only with reputable third-party vendors.


Email is not recognized as a secure medium of communication. For this reason, we request that you do not send private information to us by email. However, doing so is allowed, but at your own risk. Some of the information you may enter on our website may be transmitted securely via a secure medium known as Secure Sockets Layer, or SSL. Credit Card information and other sensitive information is never transmitted via email.


The Company may use software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.


For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, the Company uses software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.


POLICY CHANGES.


It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users personal information, we will notify you by email to the email address specified in your account and/or through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the bottom of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.


VISITORS GDPR RIGHTS.


If you are within the European Union, you are entitled to certain information and have certain rights under the General Data Protection Regulation. Those rights include:


We will retain the any information you choose to provide to us until the earlier of: (a) you asking us to delete the information, (b) our decision to cease using our existing data providers, or (c) the Company decides that the value in retaining the data is outweighed by the costs of retaining it.


You have the right to request access to your data that the Company stores and the rights to either rectify or erase your personal data.


You have the right to seek restrictions on the processing of your data.


You have the right to object to the processing of your data and the right to the portability of your data.


To the extent that you provided consent to the Companys processing of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based upon consent that occurred prior to your withdrawal of consent.


You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority that has jurisdiction over issues related to the General Data Protection Regulation.


We require only the information that is reasonably required to enter into a contract with you. We will not require you to provide consent for any unnecessary processing as a condition of entering into a contract with us.


We collect information that can be used to identify you as an individual only when you provide such information directly to us in connection with the companys website. We use your personal data to make the following automated decisions: where to send you an email if you signed up for our emails or to provide you resources or products you signed up for, and/or contact you regarding those resources or products.


CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.


The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and California Civil code 1798. 83 provide certain rights to California residents, including the right to request information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for marketing purposes. To request such information, please contact us as described below.


CoSchedule does not sell (as is defined in the CCPA) the personal information we collect, and will not sell it without providing a right to opt out.


CONTACT US.


The Company welcomes your questions or comments regarding the Privacy Policy:


The Company.


3705 W Pico Blvd 570.


Los Angeles, CA 90019-3451.


Email Address: {removed hyperref}.


OUR GDPR REPRESENTATIVE.


The Company employs the following party as its representative for handling General Data Protection Regulation issues.


NAME Agnes Hsu.


3705 W Pico Blvd 570.


Los Angeles, CA 90019-3451.


Effective as of 5/20/18.


Mediavine Programmatic Advertising.


The Website uses Mediavine to manage all third-party advertising on the Website. Mediavine serves content and advertisements when you visit the Website, which may use first and third-party cookies. A cookie is a small text file which is sent to your computer or mobile device (referred to in this policy as a device) by the web server so that a website can remember some information about your browsing activity on the Website. The cookie may collect information relating to your use of the Website, information about your device such as the devices IP address and browser type, demographic data and, if you arrived at the Website via a link from a third-party site, the URL of the linking page.


First party cookies are created by the website that you are visiting. A third-party cookie is frequently used in behavioral advertising and analytics and is created by a domain other than the website you are visiting. Third-party cookies, tags, pixels, beacons and other similar technologies (collectively, Tags) may be placed on the Website to monitor interaction with advertising content and to target and optimize advertising. Each internet browser has functionality so that you can block both first and third-party cookies and clear your browsers cache. The help feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, how to disable existing cookies and how to clear your browsers cache. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information at {removed href} {removed hyperref}/.


Without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of the Website content and features. Please note that rejecting cookies does not mean that you will no longer see ads when you visit our Site.


The Website may collect IP addresses and location information to serve personalized ads and pass it to Mediavine. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices to opt-in or opt-out of this data collection, please visit {removed href} {removed hyperref}. asp. You may also visit {removed href} {removed hyperref}// and {removed href} {removed hyperref}/ to learn more information about interest-based advertising. You may download the AppChoices app at {removed href} {removed hyperref} to opt out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device to opt out.


Mediavine partners with the following data processors:


{bullet list}.


{list item} Pubmatic. You may find Pubmatics privacy policy {removed href} through this link. The data collected on the Website may be transferred to Pubmatic and its demand partners for interest-based advertising. Statistical information and other non-cookie technologies (such as eTags and web or browser cache) may be used by third parties on this Website. Browser settings that block cookies may have no effect on these technologies, but you may clear your cache to delete such trackers. Data collected from a particular browser or device may be used with another computer or device that is linked to the browser or device on which such data was collected.


{list item} Criteo. You may find Criteos privacy policy {removed href} through this link. The data collected on the Website may be transferred to Criteo and its demand partners for interest-based advertising. Criteo may collect, access, and use non-identifying data to improve the Criteo Technology and other Criteo products, programs, and/or services. This non-identifying data may include on-site user behavior and user/page content data, URLs, statistics, or internal search queries. The non-identifying data are collected through the ad call and stored with a Criteo cookie for a maximum period of 13 months.


{list item} Pulsepoint. You may find Pulsepoints privacy policy {removed href} through this link.


{list item} LiveRamp. You may find LiveRamps privacy policy {removed href} through this link. When you use the Website, we share information that we may collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, de-identified form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with LiveRamp Inc, and its group companies (LiveRamp). LiveRamp may use a cookie on your browser and match your shared information to their on- and offline marketing databases and those of its advertising partners to create a link between your browser and information in those other databases. This link may be shared by our partners globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or advertising throughout your online experience (e. g. cross device, web, email, in-app, etc.) by third parties unaffiliated with our website. These third parties may in turn link further demographic or interest-based information to your browser. To opt out of LiveRamps targeted advertising, please go here: {removed href} {removed hyperref}/


{list item} RhythmOne. You may view RhythmOnes privacy policy {removed href} through this link. RhythmOne uses cookies and similar tracking technologies (such as mobile device identifiers and digital fingerprinting) to provide its services. RhythmOne may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit the following webpage: {removed href} {removed hyperref}. asp.


{list item} District M. You may find District Ms privacy policy {removed href} through this link.


{list item} YieldMo. You may find YieldMos privacy policy {removed href} through this link. If you want to opt out of receiving interest based ads from Yieldmo or exercise your right under the {removed href} California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, you may do so {removed href} through this link.


{list item} The Rubicon Project. You may find Rubicons privacy policy {removed href} through this link. If you want to opt out of receiving interest based ads from Rubicon or exercise your right under the {removed href} California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, you may do so {removed href} through this link. You may also utilize the {removed href} Network Advertising Initiatives opt-out page, the {removed href} Digital Advertising Alliances opt-out page, or the {removed href} European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliances opt-out page.


{list item} Amazon Publisher Services. You may find Amazon Publisher Services privacy policy {removed href} through this link.


{list item} AppNexus. You may find the AppNexus privacy policy {removed href} through this link.


{list item} OpenX. You may find OpenXs privacy policy {removed href} through this link.


{list item} Verizon Media formerly known as Oath. You may find Verizon Medias privacy policy {removed href} through this link. You may also utilize the {removed href} Network Advertising Initiatives opt-out page, the {removed href} Digital Advertising Alliances opt-out page, or the {removed href} European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliances opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising.


{list item} TripleLift. You may find TripleLifts privacy policy {removed href} through this link. To opt out of receiving interest-based advertising (including retargeting) from TripleLifts services through the use of cookies in your current browser and for more information on what it means to opt-out, please go to {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{list item} Index Exchange. You may find Index Exchanges privacy policy {removed href} through this link. You may also utilize the {removed href} Network Advertising Initiatives opt-out page, the {removed href} Digital Advertising Alliances opt-out page, or the {removed href} European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliances opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising.


{list item} Sovrn. You may find Sovrns privacy policy {removed href} through this link.


{list item} GumGum. You may find GumGums privacy policy {removed href} through this link. GumGum may (i) use place and use cookies on end users browsers or use web beacons to collect information about end users who visit such Publisher Websites and (ii) link such collected end user information to other end user information provided by third parties in order to deliver targeted Advertisements to such end users.


{list item} Digital Remedy. You may find Digital Remedys privacy policy {removed href} through this link.


{list item} MediaGrid. You may find MediaGrids privacy policy {removed href} through this link. MediaGrid may collect and store information about end-user interactions with this website through cookies, advertising IDS, pixels and server-to-server connections. MediaGrid was receive the following information: the page an End-User has requested and the referring/exit pages; Timestamp information (i. e., the date and time the End-User has visited the page); IP address; mobile device identifier; device model; device operating system; browser type; carrier; gender; age; geolocation (including GPS coordinates); clickstream data; cookie information; first-party identifiers; and hashed email addresses; demographic and inferred interest information; and post-conversion data (from both online and offline behaviour). Some of this data is gathered from this website and others is gathered from advertisers. MediaGrid uses this data to provide its services. You may also utilize the {removed href} Network Advertising Initiatives opt-out page, the {removed href} Digital Advertising Alliances opt-out page, or the {removed href} European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliances opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising or review their privacy policy for more information.


{list item} RevContent You may find RevContents privacy policy {removed href} through this link. RevContent may collect information about your browser or device, including browser type, IP Address, device type, user agent string, and operating system. RevContent also collects information about the websites you visit through their services, such as date and time of access and specific pages accessed and the content and ads you click on. You may opt-out of any personalization track by {removed href} opting-out of RevContents data collection.


{list item} Centro, Inc. You may find Centros privacy policy {removed href} through this link. You may find opt-out information for Centros services through the privacy policy link.


{list item} 33Across, Inc. You may find 33Acrosss privacy policy {removed href} through this link. To opt-out of personalized advertising, please visit {removed href} {removed hyperref}/? c1.


{list item} Conversant. LLC You may find Conversants privacy policy {removed href} through this link. Conversant uses information that does not directly identify you, such as information about your browser type, time and date of visit, your browsing or transaction activity, the subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, and a unique identifier (such as a cookie string, or a unique advertising identifier provided by your mobile device) during your visits to this and other websites and apps in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. Conversant may use technologies such as cookies and other tracking technologies to collect this information. To learn more about interest-based advertising, or to opt-out, you can visit {removed href} {removed hyperref} or {removed href} {removed hyperref}/.


Get our FREE Cooking With Kids eBook with 10 Yummy Snack Recipes.


Most Popular.


{removed href} 50 WAYS FOR KIDS TO STAY CREATIVE INFOGRAPHIC {removed href} View {removed href} HOW TO MAKE MINI WATER BLOBS {removed href} View {removed href} MAKE NATURE PAPER DOLLS {removed href} View {removed href} STRAWBERRY FROZEN YOGURT BARK: AN EASY KID SNACK {removed href} View {removed href} RECYCLED BOTTLE BUBBLE ART WITH KIDS {removed href} View {removed href} Wed like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates.


