


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} Legal.


{list item} Privacy Policy.


Legal.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Terms and Conditions.


{list item} {removed href} Privacy Policy.


{list item} {removed href} Terms of Use.


{number list}.


{list item}.


Robertshaw Privacy Policy.


Robertshaw Controls Company and its affiliates (Robertshaw or we or us or our) are committed to respecting your privacy. We recognize the need to respect any personally identifiable information that you share with Robertshaw. This privacy policy explains how we collect, use, and disclose the personally identifiable information that we obtain through this website.


CONSENT.


YOUR USE AND ENTRY OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION INTO THIS WEBSITE CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE PROCESSING AND TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR WEBSITE.


This website does not normally collect sensitive personally identifiable information, such as information regarding personal or professional interests, beliefs, demographics, health and/or medical information and experience with our products. However, if this website collects any sensitive personally identifiable information, your use and voluntary entry of information into this website constitutes your explicit consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of that information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.


TYPES AND USES OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION WE COLLECT.


Robertshaw may collect and use the following types of personally identifiable information:


First Name, Last Name, Title, Company Name, Address, Phone Number, Fax Number and Email Address.


User ID and Password.


IP Address.


Robertshaw uses your personally identifiable information to help provide the highest level of customer service to our prospects, customers, suppliers and other parties. Personally identifiable information is collected to allow Robertshaw to better understand your needs, communicate with you, contact you for market research, provide marketing information or other materials we think would be of particular interest to you, help you complete a transaction, and for any other purposes identified when the personal information is collected. Robertshaw will not use personal information in ways unrelated to the ones described above without first obtaining your permission.


Robertshaw does not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use this website. If you are under 13 please do not attempt to register on the websites or send us any personally identifiable information.


COOKIES AND OTHER PASSIVE TRACKING DEVICES.


Robertshaw uses cookies, web beacons and IP addresses to generate aggregate and anonymous statistics about the website and to tailor the content of the website to make it more effective. Some websites will not allow you to complete certain activities if cookies are disabled. Robertshaw may combine the information it collects passively with your personal information.


TRANSFER OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.


Robertshaw will not sell, rent, transfer or lease your personally identifiable information to any third party, except in the following circumstances:


Robertshaw has your written consent;


Transfer is to another Robertshaw entity(s) and/or business partners who are acting on Robertshaws behalf;


Transfer is required by law or court order; and/or.


Transfer is done in connection with the sale or transfer of all or part of a Robertshaw company to a successor-in-interest.


INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF INFORMATION.


If you choose to provide Robertshaw with personally identifiable information, Robertshaw may transfer such information from your country or jurisdiction to the United States and other countries and jurisdictions around the world which may not have the same data protection laws as your country or jurisdiction. Accordingly, if you are located in a jurisdiction outside of the United States, your use and entry of personally identifiable information into this website constitutes your consent to the transfer of your personally identifiable information into the United States.


SECURITY.


Robertshaw takes appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to protect the security of your personal information. While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure the security of the information you transmit. We recommend you take every precaution in protecting your personal information when you are on the Internet. For example, change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers when creating passwords, and make sure you use a secure browser.


LINKS.


The Robertshaw website may contain links to other websites. Please note that these websites privacy policies may differ from those of Robertshaw. We encourage you to read the privacy statement of any website you may visit, because we are not responsible for such websites content and policies.


PRIVACY POLICY UPDATES.


We reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time in our sole discretion. When we do, we will also revise the last update date at the bottom of this privacy policy. Accordingly, we encourage you to periodically review this webpage so that you may be informed of any changes made to this Privacy Statement.


Last update: July 8, 2015.


