


Legal Statement Williams Sonoma {removed href} Skip Navigation {removed href} Main Content Starts Here {removed href}.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Terms Conditions.


{list item} {removed href} Accessibility.


{list item} {removed href} Privacy Policy.


{list item} {removed href} Legal Statement.


Last Updated: JUNE 2020.


{removed href}.


Terms and Conditions.


Welcome to {removed hyperref}! We are part of Williams-Sonoma, Inc. which includes Williams Sonoma, Pottery Barn, pottery barn kids, Pottery Barn Teen, west elm, Rejuvenation, Mark Graham, and Outward.


PLEASE TAKE A FEW MINUTES TO REVIEW THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (TERMS). THESE TERMS APPLY TO YOUR ACCESS AND USE OF THE {removed hyperref} WEBSITE, ALL OTHER WEBSITES, MOBILE SITES, SERVICES, APPLICATIONS, PLATFORMS AND OTHER TOOLS WHERE THESE TERMS APPEAR OR ARE OTHERWISE REFERENCED, OR FOR WHICH NO SEPARATE TERMS ARE PROVIDED AS WELL AS TO YOUR VISITS TO OR INTERACTION WITH US IN ANY OF OUR STORES OR ELSEWHERE (COLLECTIVELY, THE SITE). YOUR USE OF THE SITE CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT TO FOLLOW THESE TERMS AND TO BE BOUND BY THEM. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS, THEN PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE.


Who We Are.


As used in the Terms and on the Site, {removed hyperref}, Williams Sonoma, Site, We, Us refers to Williams-Sonoma, Inc., with headquarters located at 3250 Van Ness Avenue, San Francisco, California 94109, USA. If you have any questions about these Terms, the {removed href} Privacy Policy or the Site, you may contact us via the Customer Service information provided on the Site.


These Terms and Conditions May Change.


We reserve the right to update or modify these Terms at any time, upon notice to you in writing to the last address provided, by email, by posting on the Site or by any other reasonable means of communication. We also reserve the right, at any time, to modify or update our Privacy Policy in the same manner. You confirm your acceptance of the modifications or updates by continuing to use the Site.


Eligibility.


You must be at least 13 years old to use the Web Site or our mobile applications. If you are under the age of majority in your state of residence (a minor) your parent or legal guardian must agree to these Terms and Conditions on your behalf and you may only access and use the Web Site and our mobile applications with permission from your parent or legal guardian.


Your Account.


You may be required to register with Us in order to access certain services or areas of the Site. Our {removed href} Privacy Policy explains how we protect and use your information. If you create an account, your username and password are for your personal use only and you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information (including your password) and for restricting access to your account. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. In addition to all other rights available, We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to terminate your account, refuse service to you, or cancel orders.


Shipping and Processing and In-Store Pick-Up.


Our shipping and processing charges are intended to compensate Us for the cost of processing your order, handling and packing the products you purchase and delivering them to you. We encourage you to also review detailed information about our {removed href} shipping and processing fees.


Some of Our stores offer certain in-store pick up options, including paid hold and ship-to-store services. We will hold your order in the store for 30 days. After 30 days, We will return your item to the store floor or warehouse, as applicable. If you paid for your item by credit card, We will credit the amount of your purchase back to the credit card you used for payment. If you paid for your purchase by cash or check, We will, at our option, provide you with a check or a store credit for the amount of your purchase.


Intellectual Property.


The Site, including all of its information and contents such as photographs, images, text, data, wallpapers, icons, characters, artwork, graphics, page layout, form, music, sound, messages, software and the code used to generate the pages on the Site (collectively, the Materials), is the property of Williams-Sonoma, Inc. or that of Our authorized suppliers or licensors, and is protected by intellectual property and other applicable laws in the United States and/or abroad. Our intellectual property is registered in the United States and abroad. Except as otherwise provided on the Site or in these Terms, you may not download, upload, copy, print, display, reproduce, publish, license, post, distribute, or otherwise use any Materials from the Site in whole or in part for any public or commercial purpose without specific prior written permission from Williams-Sonoma, Inc. We are the owner and/or authorized user of the Williams Sonoma brand as well as any other registered or unregistered trademarks, trade names, logos, designs, titles and product names appearing on the Site, and is the copyright owner or licensee of the Materials on the Site, unless otherwise indicated. You may not use any metatags or any other hidden text utilizing any of Our names or trademarks without Our express written consent.


Use of the Site.


We grant you a personal, limited, non-exclusive, nontransferable license to access and make personal use of the Site and the Materials and other information contained on the Site. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of the Site; any collection and commercial use of any photographs or other Materials published on the Site; any non-personal use of Our product names, listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of the Site; any downloading, copying, or other use of the Site or the Materials for the benefit of any third party; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. You may use the Site only as permitted by law. All rights not expressly granted to you in these Terms are reserved and retained by Us and/or our suppliers and licensors. The licenses granted by Us to you automatically terminate if you do not comply with these Terms.


You are responsible for your use of the Site, and for any use of the Site made using your account. Our goal is to create a positive, useful, and safe user experience. To promote this goal, We prohibit certain kinds of conduct that may be harmful to other users or to Us. When you use the Site, you may not:


{number list}.


{list item} violate any law or regulation;


{list item} violate, infringe, or misappropriate other peoples intellectual property, privacy, publicity, or other legal rights;


{list item} post or share anything that is illegal, abusive, harassing, harmful to reputation, pornographic, indecent, profane, obscene, hateful, racist, or otherwise objectionable;


{list item} engage in spidering or harvesting, or participate in the use of software, including spyware, designed to collect data from the Web Site or mobile applications;


{list item} transmit any viruses or other computer instructions or technological means whose purpose is to disrupt, damage, or interfere with the use of computers or related systems;


{list item} use any means to scrape or crawl any pages contained in the Site;


{list item} attempt to circumvent any technological measure implemented by us or any of our providers or any other third party (including another user) to protect the Site;


{list item} attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the software or other underlying code used to provide the Site; or.


{list item} advocate, encourage, or assist any third party in doing any of the foregoing.


User Content.


The Site may allow you to upload, submit, store, send, or receive content and data such as comments, reviews and photos (User Content). You may also submit User Content in the other ways that you interact with Us such as through social media, by email, by phone, and otherwise. You retain ownership of any intellectual property rights that you hold in that User Content.


When you upload, post, submit, send, or receive any User Content to or through the Site, you give Us permission to reproduce and use your User Content as follows: you grant to Us and those we work with a license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works (such as translations, adaptations, or other changes we make so that User Content works better with the Site), publicly perform, publicly display, and distribute your User Content. This license is for the purpose of operating and improving the Site, to develop new products and services, and for other Williams-Sonoma, Inc. marketing purposes, including without limitation in catalogs, email and other customer communications, store materials and other marketing. We may display advertisements in connection with your User Content or on pages where your User Content may be viewed by you or others, and we may use your User Content to advertise and promote Williams-Sonoma, Inc. or the Site. Our license to your User Content is non-exclusive, meaning you may use the User Content for your own purposes or let others use your User Content for their purposes. This license is fully-paid and royalty free, meaning we do not owe you anything else in connection with our use of your User Content. We may exercise our rights under this license anywhere in the world. Lastly, this license is perpetual, meaning that our rights under this license continue even after you stop using the Site.


You promise that:


{number list}.


{list item} you own all rights to your User Content or, alternatively, that you have the right to give us the rights described above; and.


{list item} your User Content does not infringe the intellectual property rights, privacy rights, publicity rights, or other legal rights of any third party.


We may refuse to accept or transmit User Content for any reason with or without notice. We may remove User Content from the Site for any reason with or without notice.


Copyright Policy.


We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement and terminate accounts of repeat infringers according to the process set out in the U. S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act. If you believe that a work on the Site constitutes copyright infringement, please provide a written communication with the following information to Our Designated Agent named below:


{number list}.


{list item} Your address, telephone number, and email address;


{list item} A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;


{list item} A description of where the alleged infringing material is located on the Site including a hyperlink to such location;


{list item} A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by you, the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;


{list item} An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; and.


{list item} A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.


Our Designated Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached at:


Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Legal Department.


3250 Van Ness Avenue.


San Francisco, CA 94109.


{removed href} {removed hyperref}.


For clarity, only copyright infringement notices should go to our Designated Agent. You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of this section, your notice may not be valid.


If you believe the content that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owners agent, or pursuant to the law, to post and use such content, you may submit a counter-notice to the address listed above containing the following information:


{number list}.


{list item} Your physical or electronic signature;


{list item} Identification of the content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the content appeared before it was removed or disabled;


{list item} A statement that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the content; and.


{list item} Your name, physical address, telephone number, and e-mail address, a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court in San Francisco, California, and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.


After we receive your counter-notification, we will forward it to the party who submitted the original claim of copyright infringement. Please note that when we forward the counter-notification, it includes your personal information. By submitting a counter-notification, you consent to having your information revealed in this way. We will not forward the counter-notification to any party other than the original claimant.


After we send out the counter-notification, the claimant must then notify us within 10 days that he or she has filed an action seeking a court order to restrain you from engaging in infringing activity relating to the content that was removed or disabled. If we receive such notification we will be unable to restore the material. If we do not receive such notification, we may reinstate the material.


Open Source.


The Site may include open source components, which are licensed for use and distribution under applicable open source licenses. Use of any open source components is governed by and subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable open source license.


Hyperlinks to other Sites.


To the extent our Site contains hyperlinks to outside services and resources, the availability and content of which Williams-Sonoma, Inc. does not control, any concerns regarding any such service or resource, or any hyperlink thereto, should be directed to the particular outside service or resource.


Disclaimer.


THIS SITE AND ALL CONTENT AVAILABLE ON THE SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THOSE ARISING OUT OF A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE, BY YOUR USE OF THIS SITE THAT YOUR USE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK, THAT YOU ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ALL COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH ALL NECESSARY SERVICING OR REPAIRS OF ANY EQUIPMENT YOU USE IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, AND THAT WILLIAMS-SONOMA, INC. AND ITS OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, AGENTS, AND LICENSORS (AFFILIATES) SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THIS SITE OR OUR MOBILE APPLICATIONS.


IN PARTICULAR AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WILLIAMS-SONOMA, INC. AND ITS AFFILIATES MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE, OR THE CONTENT OF THE SITE OR ONLINE SERVICES LINKED TO OR INTEGRATED WITH THE SITE. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WILLIAMS-SONOMA, INC. AND ITS AFFILIATES WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY: (a) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT; (b) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SITE; (c) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SERVERS OR OF ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION OR USER DATA; (d) ANY INTERRUPTION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SITE; (e) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED ON OR THROUGH THE SITE BY ANY THIRD PARTY; OR (f) ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED OR SHARED THROUGH THE SITE.


TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL WILLIAMS-SONOMA, INC. OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING FOR THE INDIRECT LOSS OF PROFIT, REVENUE, OR DATA) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE SITE OR MOBILE APPLICATIONS, HOWEVER CAUSED, AND UNDER WHATEVER CAUSE OF ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY BROUGHT (INCLUDING UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHER TORT THEORY OF LIABILITY) EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.


Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for damages. Accordingly, some of the above limitations and disclaimers may not apply to you. To the extent we may not, as a matter of applicable law, disclaim any warranty or limit our liability, the scope and duration of such warranty and the extent of our liability will be the minimum permitted under such law.


Product Pricing Information.


The prices displayed on our Web Site may differ from prices that are available in stores or in catalogs, and our pricing may differ from store to store. If you are in the U. S. or Canada, Web Site prices will be displayed in U. S. Dollars. Elsewhere, Web Site prices will generally be displayed in the local currency. The prices displayed in our printed catalogs are quoted in U. S. Dollars and are valid and effective only in the U. S.


We use Sugg to refer to the manufacturers suggested retail price (MSRP) for a branded product (e. g., Cuisinart, Wsthof, Scanpan). MSRP is a reference to a price at which the manufacturer recommends that the item be offered or sold by retailers, which may not include Williams Sonoma. Prices vary amongst sellers and change over time, so the MSRP may not represent an average price or an offering price at any particular time.


Sugg. prices will be listed in black along with our Our Price pricing in red online and in our catalog (ex., online: Sugg. 19. 95 Sugg. Price. 15. 95; catalog: Sugg. 19. 95 Our Price. 15. 95). Our Price in red refers to the everyday value price we offer to our customers.


Sugg Price 300.


Our Price 199. 95.


In some instances, where we are the manufacturer of the product (e. g., Williams Sonoma Signature Thermo-CladTM cookware, Williams Sonoma Professional cookware), Sugg. Price refers to the total price of all items in the set if each individual item were to be purchased separately. Our Price refers to price reflecting the discount that comes from buying the item in a set rather than individually.


For sale products, the sale will be indicated by the words Limited Time Only and the new price will be reflected in the Our Price. The amount of the discount from the MSRP will be indicated in red below Our Price. For example, Limited Time Only 20 off and Free Shipping. Clearance items contain Our Price that ends in 0. 97, 0. 98 or 0. 99. Sale in red may also be used instead of Our Price for Clearance items or to indicate that one color of a particular item is on Clearance. Items that end in 0. 99 are final sale and cannot be cancelled or return.


Sugg. Price 900.


Our Price 449. 96.


Limited Time Only - Up to 50 Off!


Sugg. Price 249. 95.


Our Price 174. 98.


Sugg. Price 50.


Sale 34. 99.


Sugg. Price 20.


Sale 16. 99-20.


Special Offers.


Occasionally we will offer special promotions to our customers that we refer to as special offers or special offer. This can include a gift with purchase, free shipping, manufacturer offers, or other promotional activity associated with a product purchase. These offers may be for a limited time only.


{removed href}.


Text Message Program Terms.


Williams-Sonoma, Inc. offers its customers mobile alerts about order and shipping updates and other marketing messages about events, new products, and other offers by SMS message (the Service). By participating in the Service, you are agreeing to these Terms and to the Privacy Policy.


SIGNING UP AND OPTING-IN TO THE SERVICE.


Enrollment in the Service requires you to provide your mobile phone number and to agree to these terms and conditions. You may not enroll if you are under 18 years old (except in Alabama and Nebraska, 19 years old). Before the Service will start, you will need to verify the mobile phone number you provided by responding to a text message to your mobile phone that affirms your choice to opt-in to this Service and your agreement to these Terms. Williams-Sonoma, Inc. reserves the right to stop offering the Service at any time with or without notice.


BY OPTING INTO THE SERVICE, YOU:


{number list}.


{list item} authorize Williams Sonoma Inc. to use autodialer or non-autodialer technology to send text messages to the mobile phone number associated with your opt-in (i. e., the number listed on the opt-in form or, if none, the number from which you send the opt-in, or, if none, the number on file for the account associated with your opt-in).


{list item} acknowledge that you do not have to agree to receive messages as a condition of purchase.


{list item} confirm that you are the subscriber to the relevant phone number or that you are the customary user of that number on a family or business plan and that you are authorized to opt in.


{list item} consent to the use of an electronic record to document your opt-in. To request a free paper or email copy of the opt-in or to update our records with your contact information, please call 1. 877. 812. 6235. To view and retain an electronic copy of these Terms or the rest of your opt-in, you will need (i) a device (such as a computer or mobile phone) with Internet access, and (ii) and either a printer or storage space on such device. For an email copy, youll also need an email account you can access from the device, along with a browser or other software that can display the emails.


MESSAGES YOU MAY RECEIVE.


Once you affirm your choice to opt in to the Service, your message frequency may vary. You may receive an alert when:


{number list}.


{list item} you are welcomed into the Service.


{list item} an order has been placed.


{list item} an order has been delivered.


{list item} an item or items has shipped; an item or items are ready for an in-store pick up.


{list item} there are general marketing or promotions.


CHARGES AND CARRIERS.


Message and data rates may apply. Please consult your service agreement with your wireless carrier or contact your wireless carrier to determine your phones pricing plan and the charges for sending and receiving text messages. You acknowledge that you are responsible for any message, data or other charges incurred (usage, subscription, etc.) as a result of using the Service.


Supported carriers are AT T, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Boost, Virgin Mobile, U. S. Cellular, Cricket, Alltel, Cincinnati Bell, Cellcom, C-Spire, nTelos, MetroPCS, and other smaller regional carriers. The Service may not be available on all wireless carriers. Williams-Sonoma, Inc. may add or remove any wireless carrier from the Service at any time without notice. Williams-Sonoma, Inc. and mobile carriers are not responsible for any undue delays, failure of delivery, or errors in messages.


TO STOP THE SERVICE.


To stop receiving text messages from Williams-Sonoma, Inc., text the word STOP to 83537 any time or reply STOP to any of the text messages you have received from Williams-Sonoma, Inc. For Services operated through a different number, text STOP to that number to opt out. Your opt-out request may generate either a confirmation text or a texted request to clarify the text message program to which it applies (if you have more than one). To complete your opt-out, please provide the requested clarification. You acknowledge that the text message platform may not recognize and respond to unsubscribe requests that do not include the STOP keyword command and agree that Williams-Sonoma, Inc. and its service providers will have no liability for failing to honor such requests. If you unsubscribe from one of our text message programs, you may continue to receive text messages from Williams-Sonoma, Inc. through any other programs you have joined until you separately unsubscribe from those programs. These Terms still will apply if you withdraw the consent mentioned above or opt out of the Service.


QUESTIONS.


You can text HELP for help at any time. This will provide you a link to the terms and conditions along with a phone number to call for assistance. You can also contact us at 1. 877. 812. 6235.


MOBILE PHONE NUMBER CHANGE.


In the event that you change or deactivate your mobile phone number, you agree to notify Williams-Sonoma, Inc. by emailing {removed hyperref} or calling 1. 877. 812. 6235.


Inaccuracy Disclaimer.


From time to time there may be information on our Site or in our catalog that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, and availability. Williams-Sonoma, Inc. reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). If you do not wish to continue your purchase after pricing or other information has been corrected, please contact us right away and we will work with you to cancel or return your order.


Indemnification.


To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless Williams-Sonoma, Inc. and its Affiliates from and against any and all claims, costs, proceedings, demands, losses, damages, and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and legal costs) of any kind or nature, arising from or relating to, any actual or alleged breach of these Terms by you or anyone using your account. If we assume the defense of such a matter, you will reasonably cooperate with us in such defense.


Arbitration Agreement Waiver of Certain Rights.


You and Williams-Sonoma, Inc. agree that, except as set forth below, we will resolve any disputes between us (including any disputes between you and a third-party agent of Williams-Sonoma, Inc.) through binding and final arbitration instead of through court proceedings. You and Williams-Sonoma, Inc. hereby waive any right to a jury trial of any Claim (defined below). All controversies, claims, counterclaims, or other disputes arising between you and Williams-Sonoma, Inc. or you and a third-party agent of Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (a Claim) will be resolved exclusively by final and binding arbitration in accordance with the Rules of the American Arbitration Association (AAA Rules). The arbitration will be heard and determined by a single arbitrator. The arbitrators decision in any such arbitration will be final and binding upon the parties and may be enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction. The parties agree that the arbitration proceedings will be kept confidential and that the existence of the proceeding and any element of it (including, without limitation, any pleadings, briefs or other documents submitted or exchanged and any testimony or other oral submissions and awards) will not be disclosed beyond the arbitration proceedings, except as may lawfully be required in judicial proceedings relating to the arbitration, by applicable disclosure rules and regulations of securities regulatory authorities or other governmental agencies, or as specifically permitted by state law. The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement. However, the arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, shall have the exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of these Terms including, but not limited to, a claim that all or any part of these Terms is void or voidable.


If you demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, Williams-Sonoma, Inc. will pay as much of the administrative costs and arbitrators fees required for the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the cost of the arbitration from being prohibitive. In the final award, the arbitrator may apportion the costs of arbitration and the compensation of the arbitrator among the parties in such amounts as the arbitrator deems appropriate.


This arbitration agreement does not preclude you or Williams-Sonoma, Inc. from seeking action by federal, state, or local government agencies. You and Williams-Sonoma, Inc. also have the right to bring qualifying claims in small claims court. In addition, you and Williams-Sonoma, Inc. retain the right to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for provisional relief, including pre-arbitral attachments or preliminary injunctions, and any such request shall not be deemed incompatible with these Terms and Conditions, nor a waiver of the right to have disputes submitted to arbitration as provided in these Terms and Conditions.


Neither you nor Williams-Sonoma, Inc. may act as a class representative or private attorney general, nor participate as a member of a class of claimants, with respect to any Claim. Claims may not be arbitrated on a class or representative basis. The arbitrator can decide only your and/or Williams-Sonoma, Inc. s individual Claims. The arbitrator may not consolidate or join the claims of other persons or parties who may be similarly situated.


If any provision of this Section is found to be invalid or unenforceable, then that specific provision shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed, but the remainder of this Section shall continue in full force and effect. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration you and Williams-Sonoma, Inc. each waive any right to a jury trial. No waiver of any provision of this Section of the Terms and Conditions will be effective or enforceable unless recorded in a writing signed by the party waiving such a right or requirement. Such a waiver shall not waive or affect any other portion of this Terms and Conditions. The arbitrator may award in the arbitration the same damages or other relief available under applicable law, including injunctive and declaratory relief, as if the action were brought in court on an individual basis. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing or herein, the arbitrator may not issue a public injunction and any such public injunction may be awarded only by a federal or state court. If either party seeks a public injunction, all other claims and prayers for relief must be adjudicated in arbitration first and any prayer or claim for a public injunction in federal or state court stayed until the arbitration is completed, after which the federal or state court can adjudicate the partys claim or prayer for public injunctive relief. In doing so, the federal or state court is bound under principles of claim or issue preclusion by the decision of the arbitrator. This Section of the Terms and Conditions will survive the termination of your relationship with Williams-Sonoma, Inc.


THIS SECTION LIMITS CERTAIN RIGHTS, INCLUDING THE RIGHT TO MAINTAIN A COURT ACTION, THE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL, THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY FORM OF CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE CLAIM, THE RIGHT TO ENGAGE IN DISCOVERY EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN AAA RULES, AND THE RIGHT TO CERTAIN REMEDIES AND FORMS OF RELIEF. OTHER RIGHTS THAT YOU OR WILLIAMS-SONOMA, INC. WOULD HAVE IN COURT ALSO MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN ARBITRATION.


Other Provisions.


Any action relating to the use of the Site, mobile applications, catalogs or any transaction with Williams-Sonoma, Inc. must be brought in the state or federal courts located in the County of San Francisco, California. You consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of any such action. These Terms and Conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any conflict of laws rules or provisions.


Under no circumstances will we be held liable for any delay or failure in performance due in whole or in part to any acts of nature or other causes beyond our reasonable control.


If any provision of these Terms is found to be unlawful or unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these Terms and will not affect the enforceability of any other provisions.


The failure by us to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not prevent us from enforcing such right or provision in the future.


We may assign our rights and obligations under these Terms, including in connection with a merger, acquisition, sale of assets or equity, or by operation of law.


{removed href}.


Accessibility.


We strive to make our Site content accessible and user-friendly. If you are having difficulty viewing the content on this Site or navigating the site, please call our Customer Service Team toll-free at 877. 812. 6235 or email our team at {removed href} {removed hyperref}, and we will be happy to assist you.


{removed href}.


Privacy Policy.


We are part of the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands which includes Williams-Sonoma, Pottery Barn, pottery barn kids, Pottery Barn Teen, west elm, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham. Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands are committed to respecting your privacy. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you what information we collect from you, how we use your information and the choices that you have regarding our use of your information. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect about you in our stores, through our websites and mobile applications, and anywhere else we interact with you. By using any of our web sites, mobile applications, or sharing your information with us, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.


Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands support and adhere to the guidelines and practices adopted by the Direct Marketing Associations Privacy Promise to American Consumers. We have agreed to (1) provide customers with notice of their ability to opt out of information rental, sale, or exchange with other marketers; (2) honor customers requests not to share their contact information with other marketers; and (3) honor customers requests not to receive mail, telephone, or other solicitations from Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands.


Collecting Information About You.


Categories and Types of Personal Information We Collect.


We collect the following categories and types of personal information:


{number list}.


{list item} Contact Information: your first and last name, postal address, email address, and phone number;


{list item} Other identifying information: IP address, social media user names, passwords and other security information for authentication and access;


{list item} Financial Information: credit card, debit card and bank account information;


{list item} Demographic information: gender, age, employment information and salary information;


{list item} Geolocation data;


{list item} Internet or other electronic activity: your browsing and click history, including information about how you navigate within our services and which elements of our services you use the most;


{list item} Commercial information: products purchased or viewed on our website;


{list item} Audio and visual information: your videos and photos; and.


{list item} Inferences drawn from the categories described above in order to create a profile about you to reflect your preferences, characteristics, behavior and attitude.


Categories of Use.


{number list}.


{list item} TRANSACTIONAL PURPOSES: We use your contact information, financial information, and commercial information to:


{number list}.


{list item} Receive, process, confirm, send and track your order, subscription or registration;


{list item} Communicate with you about your order, subscription or registration;


{list item} Process any subscription or registration you make to one of our services; and.


{list item} Maintain your Gift List through your registry.


{list item} ANALYTICAL PURPOSES: We use your other identifying information, internet activity and browsing history, commercial information, demographic information, and geolocation data to analyze preferences, trends and statistics.


{list item} MARKETING AND PROMOTIONAL PURPOSES: We use your contact information, commercial information, demographic information, internet or other electronic activity, geolocation data, and inferences to:


{number list}.


{list item} Inform you of our new products, services and offers;


{list item} Provide you with targeted advertising;


{list item} Run contests, promotions and sweepstakes,


{list item} Provide you with our loyalty program including earning points and awarding and redeeming certificates; and.


{list item} Provide you with other information from and about Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands, including personalized marketing communications.


{list item} MAINTENANCE AND IMPROVEMENT OF SERVICES AND WEBSITE: We use your contact information, commercial information, and internet activity and browsing history to:


{number list}.


{list item} Provide and maintain our Design Lab services;


{list item} Provide and maintain functionality on our website, including our live chat or customer review features;


{list item} Handle your customer services requests; and.


{list item} Help us diagnose technical and service problems and administer our stores, websites and apps.


{list item} REVIEW AND CONTENT CREATION PURPOSES: We use your contact information, commercial information, and audio and visual information to enable reviews of our products and to display content that you have created and allowed us to display on our website and services and on social media.


{list item} SECURITY AND FRAUD PREVENTION: We use your contact information, other identifying information, commercial information, financial information, geolocation data, internet activity and browsing history, and inferences to protect this website, our company, and others and to prevent fraud, theft and misconduct.


Sources of Personal Information.


We collect information from the following sources:


WE COLLECT INFORMATION DIRECTLY FROM YOU. We collect contact and demographic information directly from you. We also collect payment information from you.


WE COLLECT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU FROM THIRD PARTIES. We collect your personal information from third parties, such as social media sites and data co-ops. We use the Google Maps service on our web sites and may use the Google Maps service, and other services, to collect geolocation data. We use this information to create greater ease of use in our checkout, including to suggest your shipping and billing address, or to help you find the closest store location. The Google Maps service is governed by Googles privacy policy located at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. We may collect your identifying information from Facebook, in accordance with their terms of use and privacy policy. We purchase from and trade contact information, demographic information, commercial information, and internet and electronic activity with data co-ops and other third party data aggregators.


WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM YOU PASSIVELY. We collect Internet or other electronic activity passively using tools like browser cookies. This activity is further described in the Advertising and Online Tracking section below.


Combining Information.


We may combine information you give us online, in our stores, or through our catalogs. We may also combine that information with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross-reference with third parties. We use that combined information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us, to communicate with you directly about our products and events that may be of interest to you, and for other promotional and commercial purposes.


When We Share Information with Third Parties.


Our Service Providers.


We may contract with companies or persons to provide certain services including credit card processing, shipping, data analysis and management, promotional services, etc. We call them our Service Providers. We provide our Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform these services. We also ask our Service Providers to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with ours.


Our Select Partners.


From time to time we might establish a business relationship with other persons or entities whom we believe trustworthy and whom we have asked to confirm that their privacy policies are consistent with ours. These are known as our Select Partners. In such cases we might rent, exchange, share and/or cross-reference information, including contact information about you that will enable such persons or entities to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you. This section does not apply to mobile phone numbers and opt in consent information collected for SMS text programs. Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands may also collect mobile phone numbers for other purposes which are subject to this section.


Our Affiliates.


We may share personal information with businesses controlling, controlled by, or under common control with any Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands.


Corporate Transactions.


We may share personal information with parties to business transactions such as those we deal with in mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, sales of assets, reorganizations, divestitures, dissolutions, bankruptcies, liquidations, or other types of business transactions. In these types of transactions, personal information may be shared, sold, or transferred, and it may be used subsequently by a third party.


Law Enforcement and Courts.


In certain instances we may disclose your contact information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands or to others. We may also disclose your contact information when we believe the law or legal process requires it.


Cookies.


When you visit our web sites, we send one or more cookies to your computer or other device. We may also use cookies and other similar technologies in emails that you receive from us. A cookie is a small data file that is placed on the hard drive of your computer when you visit a web site. A session cookie expires immediately when you end your session (i. e., close your browser). A persistent cookie stores information on the hard drive so when you end your session and return to the same web site at a later date the cookie information is still available. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service when you visit our web site and other web sites of interest to you. We also use cookies to remind us of who you are, tailor our products, services and advertising to suit the personal interests of you and others, estimate our audience size, assist our online merchants to track visits to and sales at our web sites and to process your order, track your status in our promotions, contests and sweepstakes, and/or analyze your visiting and email interaction patterns.


If you would like to opt out of accepting cookies altogether, you can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. However, certain features of our web sites or other services may not work if you delete or disable cookies.


We use Google Analytics on our web sites to collect usage data, to analyze how users use the web sites and to provide advertisements to you on other websites. For more information about how to opt out of having your information used by Google Analytics, visit {removed href} {removed hyperref}/.


Advertising and Online Tracking.


We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain information when you visit our web sites. These companies may use information (e. g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) collected during your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you. These companies may also tie identifiers associated with a particular browser or device to identifiers associated with other browsers or devices used by the same user or household (e. g., a device identifier associated with a users computer may be tied to the device identifiers of that users tablet and phone) in order to measure and target advertisements tailored to user interests across their devices and to send personalized marketing communications. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. Our systems do not recognize Do Not Track signals, but several of these third party companies who utilize these cookies or beacons on our web sites enable you to opt out of this behavioral advertising. To learn more or opt out from these companies you can visit {removed href} {removed hyperref}/ and {removed href} {removed hyperref}/. We also provide you with additional tools to opt out of marketing from us or certain transfers of your information. You can learn about this in the Opting Out of Marketing and Transfers section of this Privacy Policy.


Opting Out Of Marketing And Transfers; Updating Information About You.


We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive direct marketing from us or from our Select Partners, or if you would like to opt out of our rental or exchange of your information with other marketers, please let us know. In the U. S., you can call us at 800. 541. 1262 or send us an {removed href} email. Outside of the U. S., you can call us at 405. 717. 6139 or send us an {removed href} email. Please be sure to include your full name, email address, mailing address, and specifically what information you do not want to receive. If you would like to update or correct your email address, mailing address or other contact information with us please contact us the same way. If you like, you may use one of the following statements in your message to us:


{number list}.


{list item} I prefer not to receive email advertisements, such as updates regarding products and services, special promotions or upcoming events.


{list item} I prefer not to receive direct mail advertisements, such as periodic catalogs and mailings regarding products and services, special promotions or upcoming events.


{list item} I prefer not to have my contact information provided to third parties for their marketing purposes.


You may also click the designated link at the bottom of all email advertisements to be removed from future email updates.


Please note that any requests to remove or update your contact information may take up to five days for your email request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request.


We may need to contact you via phone, email or mail to address questions or issues specific to your order, entry, etc., even if you have opted to not receive marketing communications from us. We contact you only in ways compatible with your communications choices. To the extent necessary for such purposes, we take reasonable steps to make sure that your contact information is accurate, complete, current, and otherwise reliable.


California Customer Privacy Rights.


If you are a California resident, you have certain privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA Rights). This section describes those rights and how you can exercise them with Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands.


CCPA Rights Requests.


Right to Know and Right to Deletion.


You can request what personal information we have collected, used, disclosed, and sold in the preceding 12 months.


You can also request that we delete your personal information. We may not delete all of your personal information if one of the following exceptions applies:


{number list}.


{list item} TRANSACTIONAL: to complete a transaction for which the personal information was collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or perform a contract we have with you;


{list item} SECURITY: to detect data security incidents;


{list item} ERROR CORRECTION: to debug or repair any errors;


{list item} LEGAL: to protect against fraud or illegal activity or to comply with applicable law or a legal obligation, or exercise rights under the law, such as the right to free speech; or.


{list item} INTERNAL USE: to use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information (i. e. to improve our services).


PLEASE NOTE THAT IF WE DELETE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, MANY OF OUR SERVICES WILL NOT WORK THE SAME. SOME EXAMPLES INCLUDE, BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO:


{number list}.


{list item} Returns: We will not have the ability to look up your receipt or order in our system. In order to process a return or refund, we will require proof of purchase from the customer and if the customer is unable to provide proof of purchase, the transaction will be treated as an unreceipted return in accordance with our return policy.


{list item} Customer Service: Our ability to handle customer service requests may be limited. We will not have the ability to look up prior orders or account information and may request proof of purchase in order to service your needs.


{list item} Online Account Shopping: Your online account will no longer exist. Your shopping cart items, order history, saved addresses, saved recipes and any other saved preferences in your online account will no longer be available.


{list item} Loyalty Program: You will lose your loyalty account and any points earned as part of your participation in Key Rewards. You will not be able to accrue loyalty points moving forward. Any existing reward certificates will be honored. You will also no longer be eligible for loyalty specific benefits such as exclusive events and early access offers.


{list item} Recalls: We will no longer be able to contact you via email, regular mail, or phone about product recalls related to products you purchased, unless you provided your information to us by returning a product registration card attached to a durable infant product.


{list item} Gift Registry: You will no longer be able to view or add items to your gift registry. Reference to your name in a joint registry will be deleted.


{list item} Marketing Communications: We will no longer be able to provide you with any marketing communications directly from our family of brands, including personalized marketing communication such as information about new products, services and offers tailored to your interests.


{list item} Opt Outs: Previous opt-out requests will not be saved.


To submit a request to know or a request to delete, please visit {removed href} Truyo Portal. or call 833. 922. 7529. In order to verify your identity, you will need to provide at least three of the following pieces of your information: name, telephone number, e-mail address, mailing address, and last transaction amount. We will match this information to the information on our systems. For an online request to delete, we will also send you a second verification to confirm that you want your information to be deleted. In order to designate an authorized agent to act on your behalf you must provide the authorized agent with written permission to do so, and your authorized agent must submit that written proof at the time they make the request on your behalf. If you wish to make multiple requests under this section, we recommend sending the deletion request last, as we will not be able to fulfill your other requests once we have deleted your information. We will maintain a record of your request to know or request to delete.


{removed href}.


Do Not Sell My Personal Information.


Personal Information that We Sell.


We may sell (as sell is defined in CCPA) the following categories of personal information:


{number list}.


{list item} Identifiers.


{list item} Characteristics of protected classifications under California and federal law;


{list item} Internet/electronic activity;


{list item} Commercial information; and.


{list item} Inferences drawn from the categories described above in order to create a profile about you to reflect your preferences, characteristics, preferences, behavior and attitudes.


We sell your personal information to Select Partners and to digital advertising networks. We do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under the age of 16.


Right to Opt Out of Sale.


California residents have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information to third parties, as sale is defined under CCPA.


To submit a request to opt out of the sale of your personal information, please visit {removed href} Truyo Portal. or call 833. 922. 7529. In order to designate an authorized agent to act on your behalf you must provide the authorized agent with written permission to do so, and your authorized agent must submit that written proof at the time they make the request on your behalf.


We participate in digital advertising networks to deliver advertising that is tailored to your interests. The participation in certain ad networks can constitute a sale of personal information under CCPA. In order to opt out of this activity, please visit {removed href} {removed hyperref} and {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Non-Discrimination.


We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA Rights and we will not deny you goods or services, charge you a different price, or provide you with a lesser quality of goods or services if you exercise any of your CCPA Rights.


{removed href}.


Financial Incentives.


We offer various financial incentives. The terms of the financial incentive will be presented to you at the time you sign up. You may withdraw from any of the financial incentives by contacting us at 800. 541. 1262, {removed href} email or by unsubscribing to our email marketing by vising our website. The value of your data is the value of the offer presented to you. We have calculated the value of the incentive by using the expense related to the offer.


International Customer Privacy.


For international shipping orders, Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands partner with Borderfree, Inc. (Borderfree). We have contracted with Borderfree to assure that they will carefully process your information consistent with this Privacy Policy.


When we identify that your order is one that will be shipped internationally, we work with Borderfree to complete your order. On the checkout page, you will be required to submit credit card and contact information (name, billing address, shipping address, email address and phone number) to Borderfree to complete your order. Upon completion of your order, Borderfree will notify us of the approval of your order, and we will then ship approved orders to Borderfree. Simultaneously, Borderfree will purchase the product from us, which allows them to take title to the product(s), bill your credit card, collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority and arrange for the product to be delivered to you. In this process, Borderfree makes the sale to you as the merchant of record. When ordering a product, you will be presented with Borderfrees terms and conditions to which you must agree in order to receive the product(s) you ordered.


Once you place your order, you may see a pre-checked box indicating that you would like to receive information from Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands regarding offers and promotions that may be available from time to time. Unless the box is unchecked, Borderfree will share your information with Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands, and we will protect and use your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.


If you choose to provide Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands with your information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States.


For international customers, any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of your information should be directed to Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Brands by calling us at 405. 717. 6139 or sending us an email. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.


Security.


We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of information transmitted to us. To guard your information delivered to us electronically, our web sites use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). SSL encrypts your credit card number, name and address so only we are able to decode your information. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your contact information, to the extent permitted by law, we do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our web sites, and you do so at your own risk.


We urge you to keep any password that you establish with us in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone. Also remember to log off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit. This is to ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place.


Protecting Children.


We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that any of your children has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us and we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.


Links to Third Party Web Sites.


Our web sites may contain links to web sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked web sites may be different from our privacy policy. You access such linked web sites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked web site before disclosing any of your information on such web site.


Policy Changes.


If we decide to change our privacy policy in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting a notice on our web sites, as applicable. Those changes will go into effect on the effective date posted in the notice and at the end of the revised Privacy Policy. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our web sites and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent. Your continued use of our web sites or other services constitutes your acceptance of the practices described in the revised Privacy Policy.


Contact Us.


In the U. S., you can call us at 800. 541. 1262 or send us an {removed href} email. Outside of the U. S., you can call us at 405. 717. 6139 or send us an {removed href} email.


Effective Date: January 1, 2020.


{removed href}.


Legal Statement.


{removed href} Copyright 2021 Williams-Sonoma, Inc. All Rights Reserved.


Williams Sonoma is a registered trademark of Williams-Sonoma, Inc.


All of the Content on this website is subject to copyright, trademark, service mark, trade dress and other intellectual property rights or licenses held by Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Your use of the trademarks, service marks, trade dress and copyrighted material displayed on this website is strictly prohibited. You may download, print and store selected portions of the Content, provided you (1) only use these copies of the Content for your own personal, non-commercial use, (2) do not copy or post the Content on any network computer or broadcast the Content in any media, and (3) do not modify or alter the Content in any way, or delete or change any copyright or trademark notice. No right, title or interest in any downloaded materials is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading. Williams-Sonoma, Inc. reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights in any Content you download from this Web site. Except as noted above, you may not copy, download, reproduce, modify, publish, distribute, transmit, transfer or create derivative works from the Content. One or more patents may apply to this Web site, including without limitation, U. S. Patent Nos. 5, 528, 490; 5, 761, 649; and 6, 029, 142.


