


{removed href} OK.


By continuing your visit to this site, you accept the use of cookies. {removed href} Learn more.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} Privacy policy.


YOUR PRIVACY IS IMPORTANT TO US!


WE, AT TECHNICOLOR, VALUE YOUR TRUST AND CONFIDENCE.


We believe that we earn your trust and confidence when we continue to bring you exceptional products or services for your digital home and do so in a very private and secure manner. We believe that trust and confidence is sustained as we honor that commitment to you, day in and day out.


Technicolor SA (Technicolor) is a global company, offering digital products and services worldwide for your home, with brands such as Technicolor, Thomson and RCA.


We created this privacy statement to inform you of our global commitment to you.


This privacy policy describes the personal data collected or generated (processed) when you use our websites (Sites). It also explains how your personal data is used, shared and protected, what choices you have relating to your personal data and how you can contact us.


WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA.


Technicolor SA, a French company which headquarters are located 8-10 rue du Renard, 75004 Paris, registered in the register of trade and companies of Paris under n 333 773 174, with share capital of 414 461 178 euros is responsible for the processing of your personal data.


WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND WHEN.


We collect personal data from you, for example, when you subscribe to our newsletter, when you register on one of our websites, complete a survey, contact our services, use certain functionalities of our Sites or when you request information from one of our family of companies.


The personal data we collect includes, for example, preferences, email addresses, click stream and navigation data.


WHAT WE COLLECT YOUR DATA FOR.


WORKING TO MEET YOUR NEEDS THROUGH INFORMATION IN THE COURSE OF DOING BUSINESS, WE COLLECT AND USE VARIOUS TYPES OF INFORMATION, SUCH AS INFORMATION AVAILABLE FROM PUBLIC RECORDS AND MARKET RESEARCH, AS WELL AS INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US. WE USE THIS INFORMATION TO SERVE YOU AND TO HELP YOU LEARN MORE ABOUT HOME DIGITAL PRODUCTS.


Please be assured that all information we collect is collected for a specific purpose and is necessary for this purpose and will not be used subsequently for another purpose.


We use your personal data in the following ways:


TO PROVIDE THE FEATURES OF OUR SITES AND SERVICES:


When you access and use our Sites, we will use your personal data to provide you with the requested feature or service. For example, if you subscribe to our newsletter, we will use your email address to send you marketing communications and news about Technicolor and its brands. You may opt-out at any time. If you generate a product comparison on one of our Sites and request to export this comparison, we will use your email to send such comparison to you. If you participate in a promotional sweepstake or contest through one of our Sites, we will use your email and details in the context of the Contest in order to manage your participation.


FOR STATISTICAL PURPOSES:


We use data about how our visitors use our Sites to understand their preferences and behavior.


PROTECTION AND MANAGEMENT OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA.


KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION SECURE.


Keeping the personal information we collect about you secure is one of our most important responsibilities. We value your trust and handle personal data with care. Our employees access information about you when needed to inform you as well as we possibly can regarding our products through newsletters. We may also access information about you when responding to requests as required by law.


We safeguard information according to established security standards and procedures, and we continually assess new technology for protecting information. Our employees are trained to understand and comply with these information principles. Technicolor uses reasonable administrative, physical and managerial measures to safeguard your personal data against loss, theft and unauthorized access, use and modification.


KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION ACCURATE.


Keeping personal data accurate and up to date is very important. Our team is available to review the information we hold about you and to use it in conformity with the EU Regulation 2016/679, so that together we can confirm its accuracy. If you ever find that information about you is incomplete, inaccurate or not up to date, we want to correct it. In compliance with the applicable law, we also remain at your disposal in order to respond to your requests to access, rectify or request deletion of any data you provided us, by contacting us at the form: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


HOW--AND WHY--INFORMATION IS SHARED.


We limit who receives personal data and what type of personal data is shared. We share personal data with the goal of bringing you innovative digital products and more choices.


Sharing personal data within Technicolor Group. To offer you a full suite of Technicolor digital home goods and services, your personal data may be shared among the family of Technicolor companies as permitted by law and our agreement with you, as well as to process your notifications of illegal content when you decide to submit such to us.


Sharing information with companies that work for us. To handle the support or to assist us in offering you goods and services and our agreement with you, we may occasionally share information with companies that work for us, such as companies specialized in maintenance services or management of promotional offers. In this case, data processing agreements are in place with these third parties (standard contractual clauses - transfer between controller and subcontractor).


Sharing information with companies that bring you value. With your consent expressly and freely given, personal data may be shared with other reputable organizations whose products and services you may find beneficial.


Sharing information with others. We may provide your personal data as required by law or legal process; to protect and defend the rights of Technicolor and under circumstances we believe reasonably necessary to protect the personal safety of users, Technicolor, this site, or the public. Moreover, Technicolor uses services provided by third parties such as share buttons on social networks (e. g. Twitter and Facebook). If you decide to log in your social network profile while you are visiting our Sites, some personal data from your social network account, which may contain personal data that is part of your profile or your friends profile, may be accessible. If you do not agree to this processing, we recommend you disconnect from the social network before visiting our Site.


RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA.


Your personal data is collected and stored for a limited duration, as long as is necessary to carry out the purposes set out in this privacy policy.


OFFERING YOU CHOICES YOUR RIGHTS.


We bring you value and benefits, while honoring your preferences.


You will be offered an opportunity to express your preference regarding the use and dissemination of your personal data. That opportunity may be made available at the time you register on our web site, when you subscribe to our newsletters, or when you fill in a form. While the specific preferences offered may vary from region to region across the world due to local law and/or practice, it is Technicolors goal to listen and honor our customers preferences. Your continued trust and confidence depend upon it.


As a French headquartered company, we wish to inform you that Technicolor has nominated a Data Protection Officer (DPO) beside the French Data Protection Supervisory Authority (CNIL). An internal Data Control Organization of employees trained to personal data protection, is in place within Technicolor, worldwide.


According to the applicable law, you have the right to request: (i) access to your personal data, (ii) an electronic copy of your personal data (portability); (iii) correction of your personal data if it is incomplete or inaccurate; (iv) deletion or restriction of your personal data. You are entitled to withdraw your consent for the processing of your personal data at any time. To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at the following contact form: {removed hyperref}.


OTHER SITES.


Technicolor Sites may contain links to other websites or applications. Such websites or applications have their own privacy notices and/or policies that we strongly encourage you to review. We are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices of these websites or applications.


CHILDRENS PRIVACY.


Technicolor Sites are targeted at persons aged 16 and older. Technicolor does not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 16. If we identify that we have collected personal data from a child under the age of 16, we will delete the data from our systems. As legal guardians, parents are recommended to supervise the online activity of their children and determine which sites are appropriate.


COOKIES.


A cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive. Technicolor may use cookies on the Sites, including via the Google Analytics application, to ease your navigation and to analyze your use of the Sites. To configure cookies, please refer to your browser documentation. As a convenience, find below some resources for the most common browsers:


Mozilla Firefox: {removed href} about: preferencesprivacy.


Microsoft Internet Explorer: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Google Chrome: {removed href} chrome://settings/content/cookies.


Apple Safari: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


EFFECTIVE DATE.


This policy is effective June 1st, 2019. We may make and post changes to this statement in an effort to ensure you are clearly informed of any changes in our information handling practices.


Any questions regarding the processing of personal data can be addressed to our Data Protection Officer: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{removed href}.


Do Not Sell My Personal Information.


When you visit our website, we store cookies on your browser to collect information. The information collected might relate to you, your preferences or your device, and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to and to provide a more personalized web experience. However, you can choose not to allow certain types of cookies, which may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings according to your preference. You cannot opt-out of our First Party Strictly Necessary Cookies as they are deployed in order to ensure the proper functioning of our website (such as prompting the cookie banner and remembering your settings, to log into your account, to redirect you when you log out, etc.). For more information about the First and Third Party Cookies used please follow this link.


{removed href} More information Allow All.


Manage Consent Preferences.


Always Active.


These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.


Sale of Personal Data.


Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalised ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties. Additionally, you may contact our legal department for further clarification about your rights as a California consumer by using this Exercise My Rights link.


If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences.


{number list}.


{list item} Performance Cookies Switch Label label These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.


{number list}.


{list item} Targeting Cookies Switch Label label These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.


Back Button Performance Cookies.


Vendor Search Search IconFilter IconConsent {removed hyperref} checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label.


