


Privacy Policy.


PRIVACY POLICY.


At Seam Technic Ltd., (SEAM), we take our users (USER(S), YOU, YOUR) privacy very seriously. We treat your personal information with the utmost respect, strictly in accordance with the applicable privacy laws, and in compliance with this Privacy Policy.


Personal information is information about identifiable individuals (Personal Information). It does not include non-personal information like business information, or information that enables an individual to be contacted at a place of business, for example an employees name, position or title, business title, business telephone number, or business address.


This Privacy Policy explains how Personal Information about you may be collected, used, or disclosed when you use oumobile application, (the App) and all its features (the Services).


Our App is a personal emergency response system that, when activated, helps to notify others in the event of a distress event. The Services offer opportunities for us to collect and store Personal Information. We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully upon accessing our App and before using the Services.


WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND WHY WE COLLECT IT.


We may collect the following Personal Information:


{bullet list}.


{list item} Your first and last name so that you may open an account and use the Services.


{list item} Your phone number so that you can make calls while using the App and the Services, and to help ensure that users are calling actual phone numbers for their Guardians.


{list item} Your email address so that we can communicate with you and provide you with updates about the App, the Services, and App notifications.


{list item} Your geographic location identified though the GPS tracking system on your device solely for the basic operation of the App and your ability to use the Services.


{list item} Your credit card number to purchase a subscription and for no other reason.


{list item} We do not currently store usage habits; however, preferences/settings are stored in the User data.


Certain features of the App will ask you for permission to take photographs, access the microphone on your mobile device and store audio recordings. Some or all this content may contain Personal Information. This information is collected for the basic operation of the App, to enable you to use the Services and all of the Apps features.


All Personal Information collected through the App is collected voluntarily. However, if you do not provide the Personal Information requested you may not be able to use the App or the Services.


USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We will always seek your consent if we want to use your Personal Information for purposes other than for those set out in this Privacy Policy or to which you have previously agreed.


We do not use, sell, rent, trade or otherwise disclose your Personal Information without your consent except where required or permitted by law.


We may disclose Personal Information to technical service providers to operate or maintain the App and the Services. We may provide aggregate statistics about our services, customers, traffic patterns and other information to third parties, but these statistics will not include any information that could personally identify you.


CONSENT AND WITHDRAWAL OF CONSENT.


We expressly obtain your consent to the collection of your Personal Information electronically prior to registration. You may only consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy if you are age of majority and legally allowed to enter into a contract. By clicking I have read and agree to the Privacy Policy for this App when registering on this App, you represent that you are age of majority in the applicable jurisdiction, that you have read this Privacy Policy and that you agree to its terms.


You may withdraw your consent to the continued collection, use or disclosure of your Personal Information by SEAM at any time by sending an email to {removed hyperref} but such a request may result in the termination of your access to the App and the Services.


If you withdraw your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information that you have previously authorized us to share with others, you should know that others may already have retained a copy of Personal Information in their own records and databases.


HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We are fully committed to ensuring that your Personal Information is secure. Each of the features of our Services has a unique storage and encryption system to ensure that your Personal Information is safe.


When you activate the App, all photo data captured by the Services is initially stored on your mobile device or your Lotus by Seam hardware. Be sure that you have a strong password in place on your device to protect this data and the other data on your mobile device or Lotus by Seam hardware.


Your mobile device will frequently upload to the cloud via an SSL encrypted transfer. Audio files are uploaded and saved the same way. All GPS data, and any Personal Information about you that we collect is passed through a third-party server and get stored on a third-party storage platform. All the data is again passed via an SSL encrypted connection.


Despite our keen efforts to secure your Personal Information note that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100 secure. If you have any questions about security on our Site, you can contact us at: {removed hyperref}.


RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


Our standard practice is to permanently delete all data, including your Personal Information, within 30 days of account termination. However, we will keep your Personal Information for as long as necessary to achieve the identified purpose or as required by law, which may extend beyond the termination of our relationship with you. We All retained Personal Information will remain subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.


USER IDENTIFYING DATA.


The App stores and transmits a small amount of User identifying data to ensure proper operation of the Services, to remember your login information and to personalize your experience on the App. This data is a small piece of information that our servers automatically send for storage on your device, which then permits our servers to recall information about your preferences.


AMENDMENTS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.


We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy in the future, you will receive a push notification through the App or by email. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective immediately. Your continued use of the App signifies your acceptance of and agreement to any changes.


ACCESSING AND CHANGING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


You have the right to access the Personal Information that we collect and to request a correction to it if you believe that it is inaccurate. If you have submitted Personal Information that you would like access to or would like to change, please contact us at {removed hyperref}. We will respond to requests within the time allowed by applicable privacy laws and will make every effort to respond as accurately and completely as possible. In certain exceptional circumstances, we may not be able to provide access to certain Personal Information.


NEED MORE INFORMATION?


Our staff will be happy to answer any questions you may have about your Personal Information or this Privacy Policy and can be contacted at: {removed hyperref}.


You may also contact the Privacy Commissioner of Canada for assistance between the hours of 8: 30 a. m. to 4: 30 p. m. at: Toll-free: 1-800-282-1376 or by mail at: 30 Victoria Street, Gatineau, Quebec, K1A 1H3. The Privacy Commissioners website is {removed hyperref}.


{removed href} {removed href} {removed href} {removed href} {removed href}.


