


{removed href} {removed href} Checkout.


{removed hyperref} Privacy Policy.


By visiting this website, you signify that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy.


We respect your privacy and treat all customer information as persona land confidential information.


What information do we collect?


We collect information from you when you register on our site or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter yourname or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously. It is important for you to understand what information we collect about you during your visit to our websites/systems and what we do with that information. We collect non-public personal information about you from the following.


{number list}.


{list item} We receive information from you when you request a product, service or information from us. You may browse our websites without providing any personal information; however if, for example, you decide to place an order, we will ask you for your name, delivery and billing address, phone number, email address, credit card number and its expiration date.


{list item} If you choose to complete a user registration form, sign up for our news letter/promotions, complete a customer survey or sweepstakes entry form, we may ask you for information such as your contact information (e. g., name, e-mail address and mailing address), age group or birth date.


{list item} We may also collect, store or accumulate certain non-personally identifiable information concerning your visits to our websites, such as information regarding which of our pages are most popular, your IP address, browser, city, time zone, referring URL, and operating system. Information gathered may be used in aggregate formfor internal business purposes, such as generating statistics, developing marketing plans, customizing content, and improving the functionality and product offerings on our website.


What do we use your information for?


Any of the information we collect from you maybe used in one of the following ways:


{number list}.


{list item} To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs).


{list item} To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our web site offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you).


{list item} To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.


To process transactions.


Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested by the customer.


The information we receive regarding your activity on our official social media websites, such as Pinterest, Facebook and Twitter, is limited to the reporting capabilities and features of those social media sites. This information is used in aggregate to assess the companys overall social media adoption and engagement. Forcontests or sweepstakes promoted and communicated through these social media channels, we may ask you for additional information such as your contact information (e. g., name, e-mail address and mailing address), age group or birth date.


To send periodic emails.


The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.


Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.


To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature How do we protect your information?


We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you access your personal information.


For online transactions, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), an advanced security protocol that protects your credit card information and ensures secure online ordering. SSL Internet connections are encrypted, and thus protect all credit cards ordering information, including your name, address and credit card number, so it cannot be read in transit. We use secure technology, privacy protection controls, and restrictions on employee access, to safeguard your personal information. Please note, however, that although we employ industry-standard security measures to safeguard the security of your personal information, no transmissions made on or through the Internet are guaranteed to be secure.


Do we disclose any information to outside parties?


We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non- personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.


Third party links.


Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.


Online Privacy Policy Only.


This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.


Your Consent.


By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.


Changes to our Privacy Policy.


If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. This policy was last modified on 03/1/2015.


Contacting Us.


If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.


{removed href} {removed hyperref}.


