


{removed href} Choose another country or region to see content specific to your region {removed href} {removed href}.


Privacy statement.


At ViewSonic or any associated trading names (ViewSonic) we take protecting the confidentiality of our partners and customers seriously, and with this in mind we adhere to the following Privacy Statement: English law and jurisdiction applies with respect to the content of this site and the information submitted. In particular, we recognise and address our obligations under the provisions of the Data Protection Act (1998) and the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulations).


Under GDPR we must provide information and statements in a clear, concise, transparent, intelligible and easily accessible format. This policy seeks to do just that when explaining how we collect and manage your data.


How we collect your personal data.


We never knowingly collect more personal data than is strictly necessary to perform our services.


Personal data includes but is not exhausted to name, email address, post address and contact number. If you choose not to provide this information, we may not be able to provide the corresponding ViewSonic products and services or respond to your enquiries.


Personal data is collected voluntarily provided to us by customers when creating an account or signing up via our website, in person or via an affiliated partner. By providing your information requested, you enable ViewSonic to provide you with the services you select.


During the time you are registered as active with ViewSonic, we will log and record on our secure database calls, emails, meetings, texts, events and any other relevant information.


We also obtain data from publicly available sources, service providers, governing bodies and referees. ViewSonic may combine information collected from these sources with information already in its possession.


In addition to the information provided we collect check data from third parties such as Companies House and accredited bodies.


How we use your personal data.


ViewSonic will process your personal information for certain legitimate business purposes. Legitimate Interest means the interest of our company in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/products and the best and most secure experience.


Your information will be collated onto our databases; all relevant paper documents are securely stored on each site. The database is interrogated by our support teams to provide good services. We generally process your personal data only for those purposes that we have communicated with you.


We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is permitted by law or required to fulfil other necessary purposes. For example, to comply with tax law or other laws and regulations, we may retain your personal data within the period requested by such laws and regulations; to follow requests from governments or judiciary for purposes such as investigation or lawsuit, we may retain your personal data for a longer retention period.


How we protect your personal data?


Your personal data security is our highest priority. We have taken steps to protect your personal data by limiting the access to our network where your data is stored. It is our policy to maintain the integrity of any personal data in our possession. Our team only access data that is required to complete their job role.


Although we do our best to protect the information you share via the internet, anything you submit via the internet is done so at your own risk.


YOUR RIGHTS TO YOUR PERSONAL DATA WE HOLD ON YOU:


{bullet list}.


{list item} Request access to your personal data and obtain a copy.


{list item} Request data corrections of any incorrect or incomplete data.


{list item} Request to be removed from our databases and systems.


{list item} Request to remove consent of data processing.


{list item} Opt-out or unsubscribe from all non-essential emails by using the unsubscribe option at the foot of all our commercial communications.


How we use Cookies.


The ViewSonic (ViewSonic) website uses cookies. Cookies are small data files which the Site places on your computer or mobile device. This is normal practice for websites. Cookies are essential to help us provide a high-quality website. By collecting information through cookies and other automated means on our Site, we learn how to best tailor the Site to our visitors.


Using these cookies helps us deliver the best web experience for you, and to understand what our readers are looking at so that we can produce more of the right kind of content. Our use is subject to Googles current cookie policy, which you can find here {removed href} {removed hyperref}. html. We do not use cookies to track your internet browsing activities before or after you visit the Site.


By browsing and using our website, you consent to the above cookies being used in the way described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not consent, you can disable cookies by adjusting your browser settings or stop using the site.


Data Sharing Disclosure.


Except as set out herein and where required or permitted by law or a court of competent jurisdiction, we will not reveal any personal data about you to any third party.


Information will be shared internally within the ViewSonic team to provide business operations. We will only share with third parties when required as part of our services.


You understand and consent that when you agree to provide your personal data to ViewSonic your personal data may be transferred, stored, used or processed by ViewSonic and any of its affiliated entities or service providers who may be located in a different country to you. All said transfer, storage, or process of your personal data, shall be subject to the Privacy Policy and applicable laws on privacy protection and personal data security.


From time to time, ViewSonic may sell a business or a part of a business to another person or company. Such a transfer of ownership could include the transfer of your personal data directly related to that business to the purchasing person or company.


Data processing of children or minors.


ViewSonic will NOT knowingly collect personal data from children or minors (as defined by local requirements), and if we learn that we have personal data about a child or minor, we will delete it from our systems. If you are a child or a minor, you must request a parent or guardian to register for the service on your behalf.


How to contact us.


If you have any questions, queries or concerns regarding this policy, please contact our Data Protection Officer.


Email: {removed hyperref}.


Postal Address:


ViewSonic Europe Limited.


1st floor, Salamanca Place.


9 Albert Embankment.


London SE1 7SP.


United Kingdom.


Fax: 44 (0) 20 7382 8261.


Policy Updates.


As and when required, we may update this policy. If significant changes are made we will notify all ViewSonic services users. By using our services, you consent to this policy.


