


Privacy Policy.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} {removed href} Privacy Policy.


-----


This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from {removed hyperref} (the Site).


PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT.


When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as Device Information.


We collect Device Information using the following technologies:


- Cookies are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit {removed hyperref}.


- Log files track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.


- Web beacons, tags, and pixels are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.


- [[INSERT DESCRIPTIONS OF OTHER TYPES OF TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES USED]].


Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers [[INSERT ANY OTHER PAYMENT TYPES ACCEPTED]]), email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as Order Information.


DO NOT TRACK.


Please note that we do not alter our Sites data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.


YOUR RIGHTS.


If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.


Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.


DATA RETENTION.


When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.


{removed href}.


