


This Privacy Policy aims to inform you about the data processing in connection with our website and related services. It applies to any online location that links to, and any offline location that makes available, this Privacy Policy. The processing of personal data takes place exclusively within the framework of the respective valid legal data protection regulations, in particular the General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter referred to as GDPR), the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and other applicable legislation.


If you are a California resident, please see the Legal Rights for California Residents section.


If you have any questions or wish to exercise your rights and choices, please contact us as set out in the Data Protection Officer/Contact Us section.


1. GENERAL INFORMATION.


1. 1 PERSONAL DATA.


In accordance with Art. 4 (1) GDPR, personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (hereinafter referred to as the data subject; a natural person is considered as being identifiable, directly or indirectly, in particular by means of an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or one or more special characteristics expressing the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of this natural person.


For purposes of this Privacy Policy, personal data also refers to personal information or personally identifiable information as defined under applicable laws, including the CCPA.


1. 2 CONTROLLER.


The controller within the meaning of Art. 4 (7) GDPR is.


MIELE INCORPORATED.


Tel: 1 800 843 7231.


E-mail: {removed hyperref}.


1. 3 DATA PROTECTION OFFICER/CONTACT US.


If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, our data practices, or our compliance with applicable law, you can contact our Data Protection Officer at the postal address listed under 1. 2 or by sending an e-mail to: {removed hyperref}.


2. COLLECTION AND PROCESSING RELATED TO OUR WEBSITE.


2. 1 AUTOMATICALLY PROCESSED DATA WHEN VISITING.


Each time you access our website, we automatically collect information about your use of the services (from your browser and otherwise) to help us improve our services or for other purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. We automatically collect the following categories of information:


{number list}.


{list item} Service use data, including information about online activity such as feature usage.


{list item} This following device connectivity and configuration data, including information about hardware, software, and platform (hereinafter referred to as the Log file data):


{number list}.


{list item} Information about your browser type and browser version;


{list item} Your operating system;


{list item} Your Internet service provider and IP address;


{list item} Your date and time of the access; Connection data;


{list item} Your devices regional and language settings; and.


{list item} Device identifiers such as IP address, MAC address, and Ad Id (e. g., IDFA or AAID).


{list item} Location Data, including location derived from an IP address or data that indicates a city or postal code level. We do not collect precise location data.


The Log file data is evaluated anonymously in order continuously to improve the website, to adapt the website to the interests of our users and to be able to remedy errors quickly. For these purposes, our legitimate interest in the processing of data is pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.


In a non-anonymised form, Log file data are used solely to detect malfunctions and to ensure system security, including detection and tracking of improper access attempts and fraud and abuse attempts. The data are stored for 7 to 14 days and then deleted. Log file data, the further storage of which is required for evidence purposes, is not deleted until final clarification of the respective incident has been obtained and may in individual cases be forwarded to the investigating authorities.


We use various technologies to automatically collect this Log file data (Tracking Technologies), including the following:


{number list}.


{list item} Cookies, as described in greater detail in Section 4 below.


{list item} Pixels (also known as web beacons), which is code embedded in a website, video, email, or advertisement that sends information about your use to a server. There are various types of pixels, including image pixels (which are small graphic images) and JavaScript pixels (which contains JavaScript code). When you access a website, video, email, or advertisement that contains a pixel, the pixel may permit us or another entity to drop or read cookies on your browser. Pixels are used in combination with cookies to track activity by a particular browser on a particular device. We incorporate pixels from third parties that allow us to track our conversions, bring you advertising both on and off the Sites, and provide you with additional functionality.


{list item} Device Fingerprinting, which is the process of analyzing and combining sets of information elements from your devices browser, such as JavaScript objects and installed fonts, in order to create a fingerprint of your device and uniquely identify your browser and device.


{list item} App Technologies, which are technologies included in our apps that are not browser-based like cookies and cannot be controlled by browser settings. For example, our apps include SDKs, which is code that sends information about your use to a server. These SDKs allow us to analyze the performance of our apps, bring you advertising both on and off the apps, and provide you with additional functionality.


2. 2 PROCESSED DATA WHEN USING THE ONLINE SHOP.


If you actively submit data to us, for example by registering with our online shop or placing an order, we will process the data transmitted by you.


When registering for our online shop or when using the online shop, we collect and process the following information from you:


{number list}.


{list item} name;


{list item} address;


{list item} telephone number;


{list item} password;


{list item} as well as date of birth (voluntary); and.


{list item} order history.


When ordering, we also process the following information:


{number list}.


{list item} items ordered;


{list item} delivery address, if different; and.


{list item} invoice and payment data.


We process the above data in order to update your registration and to process your orders. The legal basis is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR.


We store the data collected for the contract until the expiry of the statutory or any contractual warranty and guarantee claims. Thereafter, we store the information required by commercial and tax law for the statutory periods of time for the sole purposes of an audit being performed by the tax authorities.


Your payment data will be forwarded to the respective payment service provider for payment processing.


We have assigned Worldpay (UK) Limited, Worldpay Limited and Worldpay AP Ltd registered at The Walbrook Building 25 Walbrook, London EC4N 8AF, United Kingdom to process credit card payments for us. All credit card details are entered directly into the Worldpay system and cannot be read or processed by us. Please note the privacy statement of {removed href} Worldpay. Furthermore, we have assigned SumUP Payments Limited, 32-34 Great Marlborough St., W1F 7JB, London, United Kingdom as payment provider. Please find more information about SumUP at the SumUP {removed href} website.


The delivery address will be forwarded to the delivery partner appointed by us. So that the delivery partner can contact you to coordinate the delivery date or in the case of delivery problems, we will provide the delivery partner with your e-mail address and, if applicable, telephone number. The respective data are transmitted solely for the respective purposes and are deleted after delivery. Some of our delivery partners offer track-and-trace services. We will transfer your e-mail address to the delivery partner in order to enable our partner to provide its track-and-trace services to you. The legal basis for the processing of the data is the consent required by Art. 6(1) (a) GDPR.


2. 3 COLLECTION SERVICE.


In the event that you are in default of payment despite repeated reminders, we reserve the right to forward the data required for the execution of a collection to a debt collection agency for the purpose of fiduciary collection or to sell the outstanding claims to a collection service provider. In the event of a sale, the collection service provider becomes the holder of the claim and asserts the claims in its own name. We work together with the collection service provider Recovery Management Services, 4200 Cantera Drive, Suite 211, Warrenville, IL 60555. The legal basis for the transfer of data in connection with the fiduciary collection is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR and for the transmission of data in the context of the sale of a claim Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.


2. 4 COMMERCIAL COMMUNICATION.


If and insofar as you have given us your consent for advertising purposes, e. g. you have signed up to the e-mail newsletter, the data processing required in the context of establishing contact takes place on the legal basis of Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (hereinafter referred to as Consent). You may revoke your consent to us at any time with effect for the future (e. g. by using the unsubscribe link included in the e-mail). It might be possible that commercial communication will be provided through our external service providers. These service providers act as instruction-bound processors for us.


3. CONTACT AND CUSTOMER SERVICE.


3. 1 CONTACTING US.


Our website lists different ways that you can contact us. Furthermore, you can contact us through our social media presences (e. g. on Facebook or Instagram). If you use these and contact us e. g. by e-mail, we will process the data you provided to us in order to answer your request.


We have a legitimate interest in answering your enquiries. The legal basis for the data processing is Art. (6) (1) (f) GDPR. If the purpose of your request is to conclude a contract, the legal basis is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR.


When contacting us, data transmitted to us will be deleted after completion of your request, provided and insofar as we are not obliged to store it for reasons based on commercial and tax law.


3. 2 DIGITAL MIELE ASSISTANT.


The Digital Miele Assistant is a so-called chatbot provided by our technical service provider, e-bot7 GmbH, Kaufingerstrae 15, 80331 Munich. The Digital Miele Assistant will assist you in the search for information on and purchase of Miele Service Packages, such as the Miele Service Certificate, Coffee Care or Exclusive Care Packages. You can simply enter your questions in the chat window. The Digital Miele Assistant will then provide you with answers. If you would like to request a Miele Service Certificate, the Digital Miele Assistant will send you a link to the appropriate web form.


The Digital Miele Assistant does not answer any contract-specific customer requests. If you have any such enquiries, please contact our customer service. Personal details are neither required nor requested in order to use the Digital Miele Assistant. At the most, information about the respective appliance type is collected but not appliance identification, e. g. via a serial number, which is necessary for the Digital Miele Assistant.


We process your data to deal with your concerns and to control and improve our business and service processes, including the Digital Miele Assistant, which is our legitimate interest. The legal basis for the processing is Art. (6) (1) (f) GDPR. If you purchase a Miele Service Certificate or another Miele Service Package, the legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR. E-bot7 GmbH acts as a processor on our behalf and acts upon our instructions.


The questions you ask the Digital Miele Assistant, as well as the usage data, i. e. chat duration, time stamp of the messages, number of dialogues and approximate location of the users, are stored for a maximum of 7 days. After that your questions will be deleted irrevocably. In addition, the usage data are stored anonymously for statistical purposes. Personal data are not evaluated.


3. 3 MIELE CUSTOMER SERVICE.


You can contact Miele Customer Service in various ways, e. g. by telephone or online. In this case, we will process the data you submit to us as part of your request. Insofar as is necessary for the provision of customer service, for example, to collect the device from you, to carry out repair work or to process warranty or guarantee claims, your data will be forwarded to our service partners.


The legal basis for the processing of your data in the context of customer service is Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR.


With regard to customer service, data transmitted to us will be deleted upon expiry of the corresponding warranty or guarantee periods, provided and insofar as we are not obliged to store them for a longer period for reasons based on commercial and tax law.


4. COOKIES.


We also use cookies or similar technologies on our website, such as pixels (hereinafter referred to as Cookies). Cookies are small text files stored by your browser on your device, or image files, such as pixels. The next time you visit our website with the same device, the information stored in cookies will either be returned to our website (hereinafter referred to as First Party Cookies) or to another website (hereinafter referred to as Third Party Cookies).


The information stored in the cookies tells the website that you have already visited it. This allows you to display the website in the best possible way in accordance with your preferences. Only the Cookie itself is identified on your terminal. In addition, personal data will be processed only after your explicit consent or if absolutely necessary in order to be able to use the service offered and requested by you accordingly.


You can also disable certain Cookies on our Cookie settings page. Furthermore, you can generally prevent the storage of Cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; in that case, you may not be able to use all features of our website to their fullest extent.


We inform you about the use of cookies in advance with a corresponding note on a banner.


5. ANALYSIS AND TARGETING TOOLS.


5. 1 GOOGLE SERVICES.


On our website, we use various services provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (hereinafter referred to as Google).


For more information about Google services please visit {removed hyperref}/.


5. 1. 1 GOOGLE ANALYTICS.


Our website uses Google Analytics for the needs-oriented design and improvement of the website. Google Analytics uses so-called cookies that are stored on your terminal and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information generated by the cookie is usually transmitted to a Google server in the US and stored there. We use the extension of IP anonymisation (referred to as IP masking) on this website, i. e. your IP address is shortened by Google within Member States of the European Union or in the other States that are party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there.


On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services related to website activity and Internet usage to the website operator.


The legal basis for the data processing is Art. (6) (1) (f) GDPR.


Googles services also include reporting on the effectiveness of our advertising efforts (including across devices), the demographics and interests of our users, and cross-device delivery features of online advertising when you have a Google Account and personalised advertising (hereinafter referred to as personalised ads). In this case, the legal basis of data processing is the consent you granted to Google (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR).


You may object to the collection or analysis of your data by Google Analytics by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link: {removed hyperref}.


The data sent by us and linked to cookies, user identifiers (e. g. user ID) or advertising IDs will be automatically deleted after 14 months.


For more information about the Google Analytics terms and conditions, visit {removed hyperref}/.


5. 1. 2 GOOGLE REMARKETING FEATURES.


Googles remarketing feature allows us to show our users advertisements based on their interests on our other websites within the Google Ads Network (so-called Google ads or ads on other websites). For this purpose, the interaction of the users on our website is analysed in order to be able to show users targeted advertising even after visiting our website on other sites. Google stores a number in the browsers of users who visit certain Google services or websites on the Google Display Network. This number, referred to as a Cookie, records the visits of these users. This number is used to uniquely identify a web browser on a particular computer and not to identify a person; personal data are not being stored.


The legal basis for the data processing is Art. (6) (1) (f) GDPR.


You may disable the use of cookies by Google by installing the plug-in provided at the following link: {removed hyperref}.


5. 1. 3 GOOGLE CONVERSION TRACKING.


We also use Googles Conversion Tracking in this context. When you click on an ad served by Google, a 30-day conversion tracking cookie will be placed on your device. These cookies are not for personal identification. The information gathered using the conversion cookie is used to generate conversion statistics for Google Ads advertisers.


The legal basis for this data processing is Art. (6) (1) (f) GDPR.


You can disable Google interest-based ads on your browser by turning off {removed hyperref} or opting out of {removed hyperref}/.


5. 1. 4 FURTHER SERVICES OF THE GOOGLE MARKETING PLATFORM.


In addition, our website uses further services of the Google Marketing Platform (formerly Google doubleclick). These services use cookies to serve ads that are relevant to users, to improve campaign performance reports or to prevent a user from receiving ads multiple times.


Google uses a cookie ID to record which ads are played in which browser and thus prevents them from being displayed multiple times. In addition, Google can use cookie IDs to track what are known as conversions, i. e. whether a user sees an advertisement and later goes to the advertisers website and buys something there. According to Google, such cookies do not contain person information.


Your browser automatically establishes a direct connection to the Google server. We have no influence on the extent and further use of the data collected through the use of this tool by Google. According to Google, through the involvement of this services, Google receives the information that you have accessed the relevant part of our website or clicked on an ad from us. If you are registered with a service of Google, Google can assign the visit to your user account. Even if you are not registered with Google or have not logged in, there is a chance that the provider will find out and store your IP address.


In addition, the Google cookies allow us to understand whether you are performing certain actions on our website after you have viewed or clicked on one of our ads on Google or on another platform (Conversion Tracking) (Floodlight). Google uses this cookie to understand the content with which you have interacted on our web sites so that it can later send you targeted advertising.


You can prevent the tracking process by setting your browser software accordingly (e. g. third party cookies disabled), deactivate the cookies for conversion tracking by blocking cookies from the domain {removed hyperref} in your browser settings, at {removed hyperref}, for interest-based ads of the providers that are part of the About Ads self-regulatory campaign, via the link {removed hyperref} or the link {removed hyperref}/. We point out that in this case you may not be able to use all the features of this offer in full.


For more information about the Google Marketing Platform please visit {removed hyperref}/. You can also find more information from the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) at {removed hyperref}/.


The legal basis for the data processing is Art. (6) (1) (a) GDPR.


5. 2 ADFORM.


To improve the comfort and quality of our services, we use conversion tracking and retargeting technology, provided by Adform ApS, Wildersgade 10B, 1, 1408 Copenhagen, Denmark.


Adforms Conversion Tracking sets a temporary cookie when a user makes contact via an Adform ad. Users who do not wish to participate in tracking may disable the cookie from Adform via their Internet browser or object to data collection and storage at any time in the future here ({removed hyperref}/). Cookies already stored on your computer can be deleted in your browser or deleted by deleting temporary Internet pages.


This retargeting technology makes it possible to target those Internet users who have already taken an interest in our website and our products on websites of our partners. The insertion of the advertising material takes place in this instance on the basis of a cookie-based analysis of the previous user behaviour. This is a temporary cookie that expires after 60 days. If you do not want to be shown interest-based advertising by Adform, you may opt out of collecting and storing data for the future here ({removed hyperref}/) at any time. For more information about Adforms Privacy Policy, see: {removed hyperref}.


The legal basis for this is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, whereby the improvement in comfort and quality of our online offers justifies our legitimate interest.


5. 3 FACEBOOK CUSTOM AUDIENCES.


Our website uses the Custom Audiences remarketing feature of Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (hereinafter referred to as Facebook). We use Custom Audiences in order to reach people (or people similar to people) who have visited our websites or are identified in one or more of our databases (Matched Ads). This is done by us incorporating a pixel from Facebook into our website, and Facebook matching common factors between our data and their data.


This allows users of the website to be shown interest-based advertisements (Facebook Ads) as part of their visit to the social network Facebook or other websites that also use the process. We are interested in showing you advertisements that are of interest to you in order to make our online offers more interesting to you. The legal basis for the processing of your data is Art. 6(1(1) (f) GDPR.


The use of Custom Audience means your browser automatically establishes a direct connection to the Facebook server. We have no influence on the extent and further use of the data collected through the use of this tool by Facebook and therefore inform you that according to our knowledge: By integrating Facebook Custom Audiences, Facebook receives the information that you have accessed our website or have clicked on an ad from us. If you are registered with a service of Facebook, Facebook can assign the visit to your Facebook account. Even if you are not registered with Facebook or have not logged in, there is a chance that the provider will process your IP address and other identifying features. Disabling the Facebook Custom Audiences feature is available to logged-in users at {removed hyperref}/? tabads.


For more information about data processing through Facebook, please see: {removed hyperref}.


6. SOCIAL MEDIA PLUGINS.


Our website uses the Facebook social media plug-in of Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (hereinafter referred to as Facebook).


An overview of Facebook plug-ins can be found here: {removed hyperref}; you can find further information on Facebooks Privacy Policy at the following link: {removed hyperref}. php.


Facebook may receive the information that you have accessed the corresponding website of our online service and possibly interacted with the plug-in. By activating the plug-in, your personal data will be saved and sent to Facebook in the USA.


We have no influence on the collected data and data processing operations, nor are we aware of the full extent of data collection, the purpose of the processing, or the retention periods. We also have no information on how to delete the data collected by Facebook.


Facebook stores the data collected about you as usage profiles and uses them for purposes of advertising, market research and/or tailor-made website design. Such an evaluation is carried out in particular (also for non-logged-in users) for the presentation of needs-based advertising and to inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have a right to object to the formation of these user profiles, whereby you must exercise this right to Facebook.


Through the plug-ins we offer you the opportunity to interact with the social networks and other users, so that we can improve our offer and make it more interesting for you as a user. The legal basis for the use of the plug-ins is Art. 6(1) (f) GDPR.


You can completely prevent the plug-ins from being loaded using add-ons for your browser, so-called script blockers.


7. SOCIAL MEDIA PRESENCE AND OTHER THIRD PARTY LINKS.


If you click on a link to a website, platform, or service not controlled by us, including on an advertisement, an ad provider link, or other service, you will leave our website or service you are visiting and go to the site or service you selected. These other entities may use tracking technologies to independently collect information about you and may solicit information from you. Because we cannot control the activities of other entities, we cannot accept responsibility for any use of your information by such entities, and we cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these other entities from whom you request services. If you visit a website, platform, or service that is linked to on one of our websites or services, you should consult that sites/platforms/services privacy policy before providing any information on that site/platform/service.


As discussed herein, we offer content on social networks. Any information you provide to us when you engage with our content (such as through our brand page) is treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Also, if you publicly reference our brand on social media (e. g., by using a hashtag associated with us in a tweet or post), we may use your reference on or in connection with our services. Please be aware that if you use a social media platform, both we and the applicable social media platform may have access to and use information associated with your use.


7. 1 NOTE REGARDING THE FACEBOOK FANPAGE.


Accessing {removed hyperref}/ {removed href} {removed hyperref} mieleus will take you to our fanpage on the {removed hyperref} social network of Facebook Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2 Ireland (hereinafter referred to as Facebook). If you visit our fanpage, Facebook collects data and processes it in the US, if necessary. This also happens if you yourself are not a registered user of Facebook or simply have not logged in to your Facebook account. We have no influence on the processing of the collected data, as it is performed solely by Facebook. According to information provided by Facebook, the data collected includes, among other things, the IP address, operating system information, hardware versions and browser type, data collected from Facebook cookies about your user behaviour, and other technical data. Please refer to the Facebook Privacy Policy, which you can access here: {removed hyperref}. You can also find information from Facebook about cookies on {removed hyperref}.


7. 2 NOTE REGARDING TWITTER.


We operate the Twitter account {removed href} {removed hyperref} mieleusa the short message service, Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA, (hereinafter referred to as Twitter). The body responsible for the data processing of persons living outside of the United States is Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2 D02 AX07, Ireland.


When you use Twitter, your personal data are collected, transmitted, stored, disclosed and used by Twitter, transmitted, stored and used wherever you reside in the United States, Ireland and any other country in which Twitter operates.


We have no influence on the processing of the collected data, as it is performed solely by Twitter. Information about which data are processed by Twitter and used for which purposes can be found in the Twitter Privacy Policy: {removed hyperref}.


7. 3 NOTE REGARDING INSTAGRAM.


We run the Instagram account {removed href} {removed hyperref} mieleusa the social network Instagram, which is part of Facebook Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2 Ireland (hereinafter referred to as Instagram). If you visit our account, data will be collected from Instagram and processed in the US, if necessary. This also happens if you yourself are not a registered user of Instagram or have not logged in to your Instagram account. We have no influence on the processing of the collected data, as it is performed solely by Instagram. According to information provided by Instagram, the data collected includes, among other things, the IP address, operating system information, hardware versions and browser type, data collected from Instagram cookies about your user behaviour, and other technical data. Please refer to the Instagram Privacy Policy, which you can access here: {removed hyperref}? helprefpagecontent.


7. 4 NOTE REGARDING YOUTUBE.


We operate the YouTube Channel {removed href} {removed hyperref} mieleus the YouTube video platform, which is part of YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066 USA (hereinafter referred to as YouTube). If you visit our channel, data will be collected from YouTube and processed in the US, if necessary. This also happens if you yourself are not a registered user of YouTube or have not logged in to your YouTube account. We have no influence on the processing of the collected data, as it is performed solely by YouTube. According to information provided by YouTube, the data collected includes, among other things, the IP address, operating system information, hardware versions and browser type, data collected from YouTube cookies about your user behaviour, and other technical data. Please refer to the YouTube Privacy Policy, which you can access here: {removed hyperref}.


8. EMPLOYMENT APPLICATIONS.


If you apply via the Miele application portal or form or otherwise for a position with us and send us application documents, we will process the personal data you provide in this context only for the purpose of the application process.


Insofar as you have applied for an advertised position, the documents will be automatically deleted six months after completion of the advertising procedure, provided deletion does not conflict with any legitimate interests. In the case of an application without reference to an advertised position (unsolicited application), the application will be kept for a maximum period of one year in order to contact you, if necessary, with regard to a vacancy notice that arises during this time. At any time you have the option of requesting the deletion of your application prior to expiry of the scheduled retention periods. In the case of a successful application, the transmitted data will be stored for the purpose of the employment relationship in compliance with the legal requirements.


If you have applied for employment with another Miele Group company, we will forward your application to the respective company for the purpose of deciding on the employment relationship.


9. MIELE TRADE FAIR/CONFERENCE PRESENCE.


If you visit one of our booths, we collect your data if you provide us with such, e. g. by handing over your business card. We process these data to respond to your concern, e. g. contact for further discussions or offers. If this is necessary to respond to your concern (e. g. when requesting a contact abroad), we will forward your data to the responsible person of the respective company of the Miele Group.


We have a legitimate interest in answering your enquiries. The legal basis for the data processing is Art. (6) (1) (f) GDPR. If the purpose of your request is to conclude a contract, the legal basis is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR. If you give us your consent for such, the legal basis is Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR. You may revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future.


When contacting us, data transmitted to us will be deleted after completion of your request, provided and insofar as we are not obliged to store it for reasons based on commercial and tax law.


At our booths, we also occasionally take pictures and film recordings for documentation, marketing and press purposes, which are then published via i. a. our social media channels (e. g. Facebook, YouTube or Instagram). In this case, we expressly point this out to you by posting a notice on the stand. You may revoke any consent granted to us regarding the use of an image at any time with effect for the future.


10. INFORMATION FROM OTHER SOURCES.


We also collect information from other sources. To the extent we combine third party sourced information with information we have collected through our services, we will treat the combined information in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data. These categories of sources vary over time, but have included:


{number list}.


{list item} Social networks, when you engage with our content, reference our services, or grant us permission to access information from the social networks.


{list item} Partners, that offer co-branded services, sell or distribute our products, or engage in joint marketing activities.


11. SHARING/TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA.


In addition to the sharing and disclosure of personal data for business and commercial purposes with recipients described above, within the context of the data processing described in this privacy notice, it might be possible that we transfer personal data for business purposes, or as otherwise permitted by applicable law, to the following categories of recipients:


{number list}.


{list item} Service providers. We transfer information to service providers that perform services on our behalf or otherwise collect, use, disclose, store or process information on our behalf for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy (such as for completing purchases, data analytics, marketing and advertising, website hosting, and technical support). Some of these service providers may be located in a country other than where you reside, including in the United States, and your information may be stored or processed in those countries. We implement reasonable contractual measures designed to ensure that our service providers provide appropriate protection for your information and use your information only for the purpose of providing the services to us. We only transfer personal data to these service providers insofar it is required to fulfil our contractual obligations, in which case we have or the respective service provider has a legitimate interest in processing the personal data or if you have given consent to the transfer. Your information may be subject to the legal requirements of the country in which it is located, including lawful requirements to disclose information to government authorities in those countries only. Our employees and those of our agents and service providers who require it in order to fulfill their job requirements will have access to your information. Those service providers include:


{list item} Listrak (CRM tool to send emails under full compliance to GDPR (i. e., double opt-in);


{list item} Vertex (Tax calculation);


{list item} Service Bench (provider for Service);


{list item} authorized agents and other consultants (e. g. attorneys, tax accountants, auditors);


{list item} Affiliates. We may share information with our affiliates, companies of the Miele Group ({removed href} {removed hyperref}. htm), for their own business purposes;


{list item} Partners. We share information with our partners in connection with offering co-branded services, selling or distributing our products, or engaging in joint marketing activities;


{list item} Contests, Sweepstakes and Promotions. If you voluntarily enter a contest, sweepstake or promotion (Promotion), we share information with third parties as set out in the official rules that govern the Promotion as well as for administrative purposes and as required by law (e. g., on a winners list). By entering a Promotion, you agree to the official rules of that Promotion, and may, except where prohibited by applicable law, allow the sponsor and/or other parties to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing materials. Unless specifically indicated with additional terms;


{list item} Business Transactions. We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in connection with the sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets or rights relating thereto;


{list item} Insurance companies. We share information with insurance companies for purposes of offering our extended warranty to customers;


{list item} Legal Rights and Obligations. We may use and/or disclose your information to enforce legal rights and comply with the law, to comply with an order from a court, state agency or other government entity or other competent authority, to comply with applicable law or regulatory action, or when we have reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage. When necessary, we may also disclose information to law enforcement, or to the appropriate civil authorities; and.


{list item} Consent. We may share information to fulfill any other purpose as directed by you or with your consent.


Notwithstanding the above, we may share or disclose information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated and de-identified) with third other parties except as prohibited by applicable law.


12. GENERAL RIGHTS AND CHOICES.


{bullet list}.


{list item} TRACKING TECHNOLOGY CHOICES.


Cookies and Pixels. Most browsers accept cookies by default. If you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse or delete cookies. If you use multiple browsers on your device, you will need to instruct each browser separately. Your ability to limit cookies is subject to your browser settings and limitations. As noted above, if you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, some areas of our services may not function properly.


Do Not Track. Your browser may allow you to set a Do Not Track (DNT) signal indicating that you do not wish your online activity to be tracked. Note, however, there is no industry consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these signals. Accordingly, unless and until the law is interpreted to require us to do so, we do not support, monitor, or act on DNT signal headers that we may receive. However, the choices that we provide you concerning collection and use of your information will continue to operate as described in this Privacy Policy. For more information on Do Not Track, visit {removed hyperref}.


App Technologies. You can stop all collection of information via an app by uninstalling the app. You can also reset your device Ad Id at any time through your device settings, which is designed to allow you to limit the use of information collected about you.


Please be aware that if you disable or remove tracking technologies some parts of the services may not function correctly.


Analytics and Behavioral Advertising. As discussed above, our services use third party tools such as Google Analytics, Facebook, and YouTube. These third party tools collect data through tracking technologies such as cookies, which may be used in accordance with their privacy policies. Please refer to the privacy policies of these entities third parties to learn more about their practices and available opt-outs. For Google Analytics, as noted above, you can find their opt-out by visiting: {removed hyperref}? hlen-GB and downloading the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on, or visiting Google Analytics for Display Advertising of the Google Display Network at {removed hyperref}/.


Where we work with other companies to engage in behavioral advertising, these companies are often members of the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) and/or the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI). These programs offer centralized locations where users can make choices about the use of their information for behavioral advertising. To learn more about the DAAs Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising and your opt-out options for their members, please visit (i) for website opt-out, {removed hyperref}; and (ii) for mobile app opt-out, {removed hyperref}. To learn more about the NAI and your opt-out options for their members, please visit {removed hyperref}/.


You may also limit our use of information collected from or about your mobile device for purposes of serving targeted ads to you by going to your device settings and selecting Limit Ad Tracking (for iOS devices) or Opt out of Interest-Based Ads (for Android devices).


Please note that any opt-outs only apply to the specific browser or device from which you opt-out. Further, opting-out through the DAA or NAI only means that the selected members should no longer deliver certain behavioral advertising to you, and does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e. g., from other ad networks). We are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any entitys opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their practices or programs.


{bullet list}.


{list item} COMMUNICATIONS.


E-mails. You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from us at any time by contacting us as described in the Data Protection Officer/Contact Us Section above or by using the unsubscribe mechanism included in the email communications you receive. Please note that you cannot opt-out of non-promotional emails, such as those about your transactions, servicing, or our ongoing business relations.


Local or Push Notifications. If you have opted-in to receive local or push notifications on your device, you can opt-out at any time by adjusting the permissions in your device or uninstalling our app.


Text Messages and Calls. You can opt-out of receiving text messages or calls to your phone number at any time by (i) for text messages, texting STOP in response to any text message you receive from us or contacting us as set out in the Data Protection Officer/Contact Us section below and specifying you want to opt-out of text messages; and (ii) for calls, requesting opt-out during any call you receive from us or contacting us as set out in the Data Protection Officer/Contact Us section below and specifying you want to opt-out of calls.


Please note that your opt-out is limited to the email address or device used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions.


13. EUROPEAN DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS.


Data subjects have various rights under GDPR. These include in particular:


{number list}.


{list item} Right to information: According to Art. 15 GDPR, you can request a confirmation as to whether personal data concerning you is being processed by us. If such processing is available, you may also request further information about the processing from us.


{list item} Right to rectification: In accordance with Art. 16 GDPR, you are entitled to rectification and/or completion if the processed personal data concerning you is incorrect or incomplete.


{list item} Right to restriction of processing: You may request, pursuant to Art. 18 GDPR, that the processing of your personal data be restricted.


{list item} Right to cancellation: According to Art. 17 GDPR, you also have the right under certain circumstances to demand the deletion of your personal data stored about you.


{list item} Right to data portability: In accordance with Art. 20 GDPR, you are also entitled to receive the personal data that you have provided in a structured, common and machine-readable format and to transmit it without any obstruction from us to another controller.


14. RIGHT OF APPEAL.


You have the right to complain about the handling of your personal data by the data protection authority responsible for you or us.


15. RIGHT OF OBJECTION.


If your personal data on the basis of legitimate interests are processed pursuant to Art. 6(1) (f) GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR, provided there are reasons for this arising from your particular situation or if your objection is based on being targeted to personal advertising. In the latter case, you have a general right of objection, which is implemented by us without any particular situation being specified. {removed href}.


16. CHILDREN.


Our services are intended for a general audience, and are not directed at children under (13) years of age. We do not knowingly gather personal information (as defined by the U. S. Childrens Privacy Protection Act, or COPPA) in a manner not permitted by COPPA. If you are a parent or guardian and you believe we have collected information from your child in a manner not permitted by law, contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. We will remove the data to the extent required by applicable laws.


17. DATA SECURITY.


We implement and maintain reasonable and appropriate administrative, physical, and technical security safeguards designed to help protect the security, integrity, accuracy and privacy of the personal data you have provided from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Nevertheless, transmission via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of information about you.


18. LEGAL RIGHTS FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS.


California residents have certain privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, also known as the CCPA. The CCPA requires additional disclosures which are detailed below.


{bullet list}.


{list item} NOTICE AT COLLECTION.


In the past 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information listed in the CCPA:


{number list}.


{list item} Contact Data, including your first and last name, email address, postal address, and phone number.


{list item} Account Credentials, including your username, password, password hints, and information for authentication and account access.


{list item} Demographic Data, including your date of birth and country. This category includes data that may qualify as protected classifications under other California or federal laws.


{list item} Customer records, including billing Data such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit or debit card number), expiration date, and security code as necessary to process your payments.


{list item} Content, including content within any messages you send to us (such as feedback and questions to customer support) or publicly post (such as in product reviews or blog comments).


{list item} Identifiers, including name, email address, phone number, account name, IP address, an ID or number assigned to your account, and/or tracking ID.


{list item} Commercial information, including purchases and engagement with our services.


{list item} Internet activity, including your interactions with our services.


{list item} Inferences, including information about your interests, preferences and favorites.


{list item} Audio or visual data, including pictures or videos you post on our services.


{list item} Employment and education data that you provide when you apply for a job with us.


You may choose to voluntarily provide other information to us that we do not request, and, in such instances, you are solely responsible for such information.


For more information on information we collect, including the sources from which we receive information, review sections 2-10 of this Privacy Policy above. We collect and use these categories of personal information for the business and commercial purposes in accordance with the practices described in this Policy, including to provide and manage our services. In addition to the purposes described above, our business and commercial purposes for collecting and using information include for:


Managing and optimizing our websites and services, including:


{number list}.


{list item} Enabling your use of our services and access to certain areas of our websites or apps;


{list item} Delivering customized content to you;


{list item} Monitoring and analyzing trends, usage, and activities; and.


{list item} Diagnosing problems with and improving our services.


Communicating with you and facilitating your requests, including:


{number list}.


{list item} Responding to your comments, questions and requests, including providing customer support;


{list item} Registering you for a service;


{list item} Administering Promotions, including verifying eligibility and awarding prizes; and.


{list item} Subscribing you to advertisements and communications alerting you to new products, features and enhancements, special offers upgrade opportunities, and contests and events of interest.


Protecting our services, websites, and apps and user rights, including:


{number list}.


{list item} Preventing and addressing fraud, breach of policies or terms, and threats of harm; and.


{list item} Sending you technical notices, updates, security alerts, information regarding changes to our polices, and support and administrative messages.


Advertising, including:


{number list}.


{list item} Developing and providing you with direct marketing, including advertisements about our and third party products, offers, promotions, rewards, events, and services; and.


{list item} Serving advertising tailored to your interests.


We do not generally sell information as the term sell is traditionally understood. However, to the extent sale under the CCPA is interpreted to include advertising technology activities such as those disclosed in this Policy above as a sale, we will comply with applicable law as to such activity. We use and partner with different types of entities to assist with our daily operations and manage our services. Please review Section 11, Sharing/Transfer of personal data, above for more detail about the parties with whom we have shared information.


{bullet list}.


{list item} RIGHT TO KNOW AND DELETE.


If you are a California resident, you have the right to delete the personal information we have collected from you and the right know certain information about our data practices in the preceding 12 months. In particular, you have the right to request the following from us:


{number list}.


{list item} The categories of personal information we have collected about you;


{list item} The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;


{list item} The categories of personal information about you we disclosed for a business purpose or sold;


{list item} The categories of third parties to whom the personal information was disclosed for a business purpose or sold;


{list item} The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal information; and.


{list item} The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.


To exercise any of these rights, please submit a request through our toll free number at 1 800 843 7231, or email us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. In the request, please specify which right you are seeking to exercise and the scope of the request. We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 days. We may require specific information from you to help us verify your identity and process your request, for example, your customer ID and the order ID issued on one of your recent order confirmations or invoices. If we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny your requests to know or delete.


{bullet list}.


{list item} RIGHT TO OPT-OUT.


To the extent we sell your personal information as the term sell is defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information by us to third parties at any time. As we only sell your personal data as that term may be interpreted under the CCPA for digital marketing purposes, you may exercise your DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION rights easily by opting-out the use of third party marketing cookies by visiting our cookie banner or {removed href} cookie policy.


{bullet list}.


{list item} AUTHORIZED AGENT.


You can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. However, we will require written proof of the agents permission to do so and verify your identity directly.


{bullet list}.


{list item} RIGHT TO NON-DISCRIMINATION.


You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of any your rights.


{bullet list}.


{list item} NOTICE OF FINANCIAL INCENTIVES.


Financial incentives, as defined under the CCPA, include programs, benefits, or other offerings, including payments to consumers as compensation, for the disclosure, deletion, or sale of personal information about them. We do not offer any financial incentives as compensation for the disclosure of personal information.


{bullet list}.


{list item} CHILDREN.


We do not knowingly sell personal information of minors under 16 years old, as that term is defined under the CCPA.


{bullet list}.


{list item} SHINE THE LIGHT.


Customers who are residents of California may request (i) a list of the categories of personal information disclosed by us to third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for those third parties own direct marketing purposes; and (ii) a list of the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed such information. To exercise a request, please write us at the email or postal address set out in Data Protection Officer/Contact Us above and specify that you are making a California Shine the Light request. We may require additional information from you to allow us to verify your identity and are only required to respond to requests once during any calendar year.


19. LEGAL RIGHTS FOR NEVADA RESIDENTS.


Nevada consumers may submit requests directing the business not to sell certain kinds of personal information that the business has collected or will collect about the consumer. A sale under Nevada law is the exchange of personal information for monetary consideration by the business to a third party for the third party to license or sell the personal information to other third parties. If you are a Nevada consumer and wish to submit a request relating to our compliance with Nevada law, please contact us as at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


20. LEGAL RIGHTS IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS.


Residents in other jurisdictions may also have similar rights to the above. Please contact us if you would like to exercise one of these rights, and we will comply with any request to the extent required under applicable law.


INFORMATION ON DATA SECURITY AT MIELE.


MIELE ON DATA SECURITY.


Miele, as a manufacturer of high-quality and durable products, also puts the highest demands on the data and cyber security of its networked devices, apps and web applications. Although, we try very hard to detect and eliminate weaknesses in advance, one hundred percent security in case of information technology can hardly be achieved.


For this reason, Miele is interested in any information from you that relates to possible or discovered data security risks affecting our networked products, apps or web applications.


For reporting vulnerabilities and information about cyber security at Miele, please use our international page:


{removed href} {removed hyperref}. htm.


Even if youre not quite sure: We will follow up on your request and contact you if we have any further questions.


Cookie Policy.


Last updated: 2020/10/27 Miele Incorporated uses so-called cookies on this website. In this policy we explain in detail what types of cookies Miele uses, what data is processed by them, cookie lifespan and your rights in relation to cookies. Your current settings with regard to cookies that require consent are: Analysis Marketing.


1. GENERAL EXPLANATION.


Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer or end device when you use our websites. When you visit the Miele website, cookies may be stored on your system. This contains an individual string of characters that can be used to identify your browser the next time you visit the website. There are two basic types of cookies:


{number list}.


{list item} Temporary cookies: These cookies, also called session cookies, are temporarily stored on your computer or terminal device during your visit to our website and then deleted.


{list item} Persistent cookies: These cookies remain on your computer for a longer period of time.


In general, Miele uses various Internet technologies (e. g. cookies, Java-Script) to make it easier for you to use the Miele Internet applications and to optimise them. This means these technologies may be used for the following purposes:


{number list}.


{list item} To identify you when you log in to our web shop and to ensure that valid security standards, optimized for you, are observed.


{list item} To help us remember products that you have added to your shopping cart or notepad.


{list item} To show you the quantity of products you have added to your shopping cart or notepad on the website.


{list item} To remind us of your chosen language during the session, so that you can navigate our pages more easily.


{list item} To analyse data, such as the evaluation of the number of visitors to our website or the most frequently visited websites. We use the analysis results for the purpose of optimizing our website.


{list item} For the purpose of retargeting/remarketing and for the placement of online advertisements.


By changing the cookie settings of your Internet browser, you can deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies. You can delete already stored cookies at any time. Further browser specific information on how to delete cookies can be found here:


{number list}.


{list item} For Internet Explorer: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{list item} For Mozilla Firefox: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{list item} For Google Chrome: {removed href} {removed hyperref}? hlen.


{list item} For Safari: {removed href} {removed hyperref}. 0//sfri11471.


Please note, however, that if you deactivate cookies, not all features of the website may operate as intended. In the menu of most browsers you will find setting options for the use of cookies. Typically, a browser has the following setting options:


{number list}.


{list item} View cookies,


{list item} Allow cookies,


{list item} Disable all or certain cookies,


{list item} Disable all cookies when closing the browser,


{list item} Blocking cookies,


{list item} Notify when a cookie is to be set,


{list item} Objection to tracking web analysis (opt-out).


When you visit our website, a banner informs you about the use of cookies and asks for your consent to cookies requiring consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future, by changing the settings at the top of this policy.


To the extent any personal data is collected through cookies, our {removed href} Privacy Policy also applies and complements this Cookie Policy.


2. TECHNICALLY NECESSARY COOKIES (ESSENTIAL COOKIES).


Essential cookies are required for navigation of the websites and for the use of their functions, such as access to the registration part of the website or the use of our chat tool. Without these cookies certain functions of the website are not possible.


The legal basis for the processing of personal data using technically necessary cookies is legitimate interests under Article 6(1) (f) GDPR. These legitimate interests are our carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network and/or of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by you. The data collected by technically necessary cookies is not used to create user profiles.


Essential cookies cannot be deactivated. The essential cookies we use are generally so-called session cookies, which are generally automatically deleted after the browser session has ended.


Some essential cookies are provided and/or accessed by third parties. Details of the third parties and their tools that we use essential cookies for are explained below.


2. 1 GOOGLE.


On our website we use various essential cookies provided and/or used by Google Ireland Limited (Google), a company incorporated and regulated under Irish law (registration number: 368047) with its registered office at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (Google).


GOOGLE TAG MANAGER.


Google Tag Manager is a {removed href} tag management system (TMS) that allows websites to quickly and easily update measurement codes and related code fragments collectively known as {removed href} tags on their websites or mobile apps. Once the small segment of Tag Manager code has been added to a project, the website can safely and easily deploy analytics and measurement tag configurations from a web-based user interface.


2. 2 LISTRAK.


Listrak is a retail digital marketing automation platform for email marketing, mobile messaging, customer insights and cross-channel orchestration.


However we also use a cookie that is provided and/or accessed by Listrak for the essential purpose of providing the session state for the load balancer (the process of distributing a set of tasks over a set of resources (computing units), with the aim of making their overall processing more efficient).


Further information about Listraks services and processing of personal data {removed href} can be found here.


2. 3 FURTHER DETAILS.


Further details about each of the individual essential cookies we use can be found in the following table:


NAME.


THIRD PARTY.


PURPOSE.


RETENTION PERIOD.


NID.


Google.


Google Tag Manager (further explanation above).


6 months.


gtmauth.


Session.


gtmdebug.


gtmpreview.


GTM-XSRF-TOKEN.


Google, Generator Media Analytics.


Google Tag Manager.


Session.


ltkmodal-impression.


N/A.


Records when the subscription popup was shown.


Session.


ltkmodal-suppression.


N/A.


Suppresses subscription popup for a period of time.


Based on popup rules - generally 1 month.


ltkpopup-session-depth.


N/A.


Visited page counter used for subscription popup rules.


Session.


ltkSubscriber-AccountCreate.


N/A.


Configuration of subscription point on account create page.


Session.


ltkSubscriber-Checkout.


N/A.


Configuration of subscription point on checkout page.


Session.


AWSELB.


Listrak.


Session state for the load balancer.


Session.


3. ANALYSIS COOKIES.


In addition, we use cookies on our website which enable an analysis of your usage behaviour (so-called analysis cookies). With these cookies we collect and store the following data:


Frequency of page visits.


Search Keywords.


Use of website functions.


Your data collected by means of the cookies is pseudonymised, so that it is no longer possible to assign the data to the respective user without additional data.


This processing enables us to improve the quality of our website and its content. The legal basis for this processing of personal data is consent under Article 6(1) (a) GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future, by managing your settings at the very top of this Policy.


Some analytics cookies are provided and/or accessed by third parties. Details of the third parties and their tools that we use analytics cookies for are explained below.


3. 1 GOOGLE.


On our website we use various analytics cookies provided and/or used by Google. Further information about these Google Services can be found below and at {removed hyperref}/.


GOOGLE ANALYTICS.


Our website uses Google Analytics to design and improve the website in line with demand. Google Analytics uses so-called cookies, which are stored on your end device and which enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. On this website, we use the extension of IP masking (so-called IP masking), i. e. your IP address is shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area before being transferred to, and stored in, the USA. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there.


On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on the website activities and to provide further services to the website operator in connection with the use of the website and the Internet.


If you are a Google account holder and have consented to the personalization of advertising (Ads Personalization) then Googles services also include reports on the effectiveness of our advertising measures (including cross-device reports), demographics and the interests of our users, as well as functions for cross-device delivery of online advertising. In this case, the legal basis for data processing is your consent to Google (Art. 6(1) (a) GDPR).


You can object to the collection or evaluation of your data by Google Analytics by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


The data sent by us and linked to cookies, user IDs or advertising IDs are automatically deleted after 14 months.


For more information on the terms of use of Google Analytics, please visit {removed href} {removed hyperref}/.


GOOGLE OPTIMIZE.


Google Optimize is an A/B testing tool provided by Google. Optimize enables us to experiment with different ways of delivering your content. For this purpose, Optimize utilizes cookies to target content variants to a user and a content experiment cookie to determine a users participation in an experiment. Furthermore, Optimize can map user activities to specific Google Ads in order to evaluate marketing campaigns.


For more information about Google Optimize, please visit.


{removed hyperref}? hlen.


3. 2 AKAMAI MPULSE.


Akamai mPulse enables real-time performance monitoring and analysis of our website and content by measuring performance characteristics of page loads and interactions. This will help us to improve our website and services for our users. For more information about Akamai mPulse, please visit.


{removed hyperref}. jsp.


3. 3 DYNATRACE.


We use the Real User Monitoring services provided by Dynatrace LLC, 1601 Trapelo Road, Suite 116, Waltham, MA 02451, USA (Dynatrace). Dynatrace Real User Monitoring enables real-time performance monitoring and analysis of our website and performed user action. Dynatrace captures your IP-address, geographic region and URLs. These data will help us to understand how performed user action impact the performance of our website and to improve our website and services for our users. All personal data which may be captured by Dynatrace will be automatically masked for data protection purposes. For more information about Dynatrace, please visit.


{removed hyperref}/


3. 4 FURTHER DETAILS.


You can deactivate analysis cookies by changing your settings at the top of this policy. Further details about all of the individual analytics cookies we use can be found in the following table:


NAME.


THIRD PARTY.


PURPOSE.


RETENTION PERIOD.


ga.


Google.


Google Analytics (further explanation above).


2 years.


gid.


24 hours.


gat.


1 minute.


AMPToken.


30 seconds to 1 year.


gacUA-46990548-4.


90 days.


gaexp.


90 days.


optawcid.


Used for campaigns mapped to Google Ads Customer IDs.


24 hours.


optawmid.


Used for campaigns mapped to Google Ads Campaign IDs.


24 hours.


optawgid.


Used for campaigns mapped to Google Ads Ad Groups IDs.


24 hours.


optawkid.


Used for campaigns mapped to Google Ads Criterion IDs.


24 hours.


optutmc.


Stores the last utmcampaign query parameter.


24 hours.


RT Akamai Doesnt contain personal information but it contains various pieces of information about the visitors session, such as number of visited pages, session start time, last visited url and etc. 7 days BA Used by Bandwidth Boomerang plugin. Doesnt contain personal information. 7 days BOOMRCONSENT Contains information about visitors choice for opt-out or opt-in. 1 year dtCookie Dynatrace Tracks a visit across multiple requests. Session dtLatC Measures server latency for performance monitoring. Session dtPC Required to identify proper endpoints for beacon transmission; includes session ID for correlation. Session dtSa Intermediate store for page-spanning actions Session rxVisitor Visitor ID to correlate sessions Session rxvt Session timeout Session.


4. MARKETING COOKIES.


For the purpose of retargeting/remarketing and for the placement of online advertisements we use so-called marketing cookies from third parties.


Retargeting or remarketing refers to technologies that allow users who have previously visited a certain website to see suitable advertisements even after they have left the website. For this purpose, it is necessary to recognize Internet users beyond their own website, for which cookies from the corresponding service providers are used. In addition, the previous usage behaviour is taken into account. For example, if a user looks at certain products, these or similar products can later be displayed as advertisements on other websites. These are personalised advertisements that are adapted to the needs of individual users. For this personalised advertising, it is not necessary for the user to be identified beyond recognition. The data used for retargeting or remarketing is therefore not merged with other data.


Marketing cookies may also track user engagement with the ads ultimately shown. This is in order to avoid unwanted duplicate advertising and to track the amount of times ads result in some form of ad conversion (e. g. an ad being clicked on or an actual sale).


The legal basis for the processing of personal data through marketing cookies is consent (Article 6(1) (a) GDPR), You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future, by managing your settings at the very top of this Policy.


We use such technologies for the placement of online advertisements. For the placement of the advertisements we use third party providers. Details of the third parties (and their tools) who provide and/or access marketing and targeted cookies are explained below.


The companies we work with to provide you with targeted ads are required by us to give you the choice to opt out of receiving targeted ads. Most of these companies are participants of the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) and/or the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI). To learn more about the targeted ads provided by these companies, and how to opt out of receiving certain targeted ads from them, please visit: (i) for website targeted ads from DAA participants, {removed href} {removed hyperref}; (ii) for app targeted ads from DAA participants, {removed href} {removed hyperref}; and (iii) for targeted ads from NAI participants, {removed href} {removed hyperref}/. Opting out only means that the selected participants should no longer deliver certain targeted ads to you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e. g., in connection with the participants other customers or from other technology services).


To opt out of us using your data for Matched Ads, please contact us as set forth in the Contact Us section below and specify that you wish to opt out of matched ads. We will request that the applicable party not serve you matched ads based on information we provide to it. Alternatively, you may directly contact the applicable party to opt out.


You may also limit our use of information collected from or about your mobile device for purposes of serving targeted ads to you by going to your device settings and selecting Limit Ad Tracking (for iOS devices) or Opt out of Interest-Based Ads (for Android devices).


4. 1 LISTRAK.


On our website we use various marketing cookies provided and/or used by Listrak, which is a retail digital marketing automation platform for email marketing, mobile messaging, customer insights and cross-channel orchestration.


Further information about Listraks processing of personal data {removed href} can be found here.


4. 2 FACEBOOK.


On our website we use various marketing cookies provided and/or used by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (hereinafter referred to as Facebook).


Facebook cookies are used if you have a Facebook account, use the {removed href} Facebook Products, including the Facebook website and apps, or visit other websites and apps that use the Facebook Products (including the Like button or other Facebook Technologies). Cookies enable Facebook to offer the Facebook Products to you and to understand the information they receive about you, including information about your use of other websites and apps, whether or not you are registered or logged in.


Further information about Facebooks cookies {removed href} can be found here.


Furthermore, our website uses the Custom Audiences remarketing feature of Facebook. We use Custom Audiences in order to reach people (or people similar to people) who have visited our websites or are identified in one or more of our databases (Matched Ads). This is done by us incorporating a pixel from Facebook into our website, and Facebook matching common factors between our data and their data.


This allows users of the website to be shown interest-based advertisements (Facebook Ads) as part of their visit to the social network Facebook or other websites that also use the process. We are interested in showing you advertisements that are of interest to you in order to make our online offers more interesting to you. The legal basis for the processing of your data is Art. 6(1(1) (f) GDPR.


The use of Custom Audience means your browser automatically establishes a direct connection to the Facebook server. We have no influence on the extent and further use of the data collected through the use of this tool by Facebook and therefore inform you that according to our knowledge: By integrating Facebook Custom Audiences, Facebook receives the information that you have accessed our website or have clicked on an ad from us. If you are registered with a service of Facebook, Facebook can assign the visit to your Facebook account. Even if you are not registered with Facebook or have not logged in, there is a chance that the provider will process your IP address and other identifying features. Disabling the Facebook Custom Audiences feature is available to logged-in users at {removed hyperref}/? tabads.


For more information about data processing through Facebook, please see: {removed hyperref}.


4. 3 GENERATOR MEDIA ANALYTICS.


On our website we use various marketing cookies provided and/or used by Generator Media Analytics, which is a company that aims to improve business performance through media campaigns.


Further information about Generator Media Analytics processing of personal data {removed href} can be found here.


4. 4 MICROSOFT.


On our website we use various cookies for marketing purposes that are provided and/or used by Microsoft. Further information about Microsofts use of cookies {removed href} can be found here.


4. 5 GOOGLE.


On our website we use various marketing cookies provided and/or used by Google Ireland Limited (Google), a company incorporated and regulated under Irish law (registration number: 368047) with its registered office at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (Google). Further information about these Google Services can be found below and at {removed href} {removed hyperref}/.


GOOGLE MARKETING PLATFORM.


Google Marketing Platform is the product created by Google that unified their DoubleClick advertiser products and the Google Analytics 360 Suite under a single brand.


Further information about Google Marketing Platform {removed href} can be found here.


GOOGLE ADS.


Google Ads is an online advertising platform developed by Google, where advertisers pay to display brief advertisements, service offerings, product listings, video content, and generate mobile application installs within the Google ad network to web users. It can place ads both in the results of search engines like Google Search and on non-search websites, mobile apps, and videos.


Further information about Google Ads {removed href} can be found here.


4. 6 OWNERIQ.


OwnerIQ collect data about the products and services that people own, use or have shown interest in, and use that data to help advertisers and publishers (websites and mobile apps that provide products, services, content and media) provide relevant advertising and content to those people as they browse the internet or utilize an app on a mobile device.


Further information about OwnerIQs processing of personal data {removed href} can be found here.


4. 7 FURTHER DETAILS.


You can deactivate marketing cookies by changing your settings at the top of this policy. Further details about all of the individual marketing cookies we use can be found in the following table:


NAME.


THIRD PARTY.


PURPOSE.


RETENTION PERIOD.


gsid.


Listrak.


Listrak Marketing.


10 years.


CTID.


Listrak.


Listrak Marketing.


1 year.


scasid.


Listrak.


Listrak Marketing.


1 year.


usid.


Listrak.


Listrak Marketing.


10 years.


STSID.


Listrak.


Listrak Marketing.


1 year.


vuid.


Listrak.


Listrak Marketing.


Session.


GTM-XSRF-TOKEN.


Google, Generator Media Analytics.


Google Tag Manager.


Session.


fbp.


Facebook, Generator Media Analytics.


Facebook Ads.


90 days.


MUIDB.


Microsoft, Generator Media Analytics.


Microsoft Marketing.


1 year.


ANID.


Google, Generator Media Analytics.


Google Ads.


90 days.


DSID.


Google, Generator Media Analytics.


Google Ads.


90 days.


S.


Google, Generator Media Analytics.


Google Ads.


Session.


DSID.


Google, Generator Media Analytics.


Google Marketing Platform.


90 days.


IDE.


Google, Generator Media Analytics.


Google Marketing Platform.


90 days.


adpq.


Google, OwnerIQ, Generator Media Analytics.


OwnerIQ Marketing.


1 week.


apndmp.


Google, OwnerIQ, Generator Media Analytics.


OwnerIQ Marketing.


1 week.


apnxs.


Google, OwnerIQ, Generator Media Analytics.


OwnerIQ Marketing.


1 week.


bk.


Google, OwnerIQ, Generator Media Analytics.


OwnerIQ Marketing.


1 week.


bsc.


Google, OwnerIQ, Generator Media Analytics.


OwnerIQ Marketing.


1 week.


cc.


Google, OwnerIQ, Generator Media Analytics.


OwnerIQ Marketing.


1 week.


cwc.


Google, OwnerIQ, Generator Media Analytics.


OwnerIQ Marketing.


1 week.


epq.


Google, OwnerIQ, Generator Media Analytics.


OwnerIQ Marketing.


1 week.


gguuid.


Google, OwnerIQ, Generator Media Analytics.


OwnerIQ Marketing.


1 week.


kc.


Google, OwnerIQ, Generator Media Analytics.


OwnerIQ Marketing.


1 week.


lc.


Google, OwnerIQ, Generator Media Analytics.


OwnerIQ Marketing.


1 week.


lrc.


Google, OwnerIQ, Generator Media Analytics.


OwnerIQ Marketing.


1 week.


nsc.


Google, OwnerIQ, Generator Media Analytics.


OwnerIQ Marketing.


1 week.


oxc.


Google, OwnerIQ, Generator Media Analytics.


OwnerIQ Marketing.


1 week.


p2.


Google, OwnerIQ, Generator Media Analytics.


OwnerIQ marketing.


Session.


pmc.


Google, OwnerIQ, Generator Media Analytics.


OwnerIQ Marketing.


1 week.


rc.


Google, OwnerIQ, Generator Media Analytics.


OwnerIQ Marketing.


1 week.


roc.


Google, OwnerIQ, Generator Media Analytics.


OwnerIQ Marketing.


1 week.


si.


Google, OwnerIQ, Generator Media Analytics.


OwnerIQ Marketing.


1 week.


stc.


Google, OwnerIQ, Generator Media Analytics.


OwnerIQ Marketing.


1 week.


tapq.


Google, OwnerIQ, Generator Media Analytics.


OwnerIQ Marketing.


1 week.


tpq.


Google, OwnerIQ, Generator Media Analytics.


OwnerIQ Marketin.


1 week.


fbp.


Facebook Ads Manager, Generator Media Analytics.


Facebook Ads.


90 days.


5. CHANGES TO THIS COOKIE POLICY.


We may change this Cookie Policy from time to time to reflect changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. Please therefore re-visit this Cookie Policy regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies. You can see when this Cookie Policy was last updated by checking the last updated date displayed at the top of this Cookie Policy.


6. TO GET FURTHER INFORMATION.


If you have any questions or comments about this Cookie Policy, contact us at {removed hyperref}.


To top of page.


This website uses cookies.


Miele Incorporated uses cookies (including third-party cookies) to collect information about visitors use of the site. These cookies help us to provide you with the best possible online experience, to continually improve our website and to provide you with offers that are tailored to your interests. By clicking on the Confirm Selection or Confirm All button, you consent to either all cookies or just those selected. You can withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future by changing the settings at the top of our cookie policy. For more information about our use of cookies or to change your settings, please click on More Information, or please see our privacy policy and our cookie policy.


{removed href} More Information Essential {removed href} Analysis {removed href} Marketing {removed href} Details Essential Essential cookies are those that are technically necessary to use the websites (e. g. cookies required for the navigation of the websites or for the use of their functions). Therefore, they cannot be deactivated and are generally automatically deleted at the end of each browser session. Analysis Analysis cookies enable the analysis of your usage behaviour in pseudonymised form (e. g. with regard to the frequency of page visits, entered search terms and the use of website functions). During the analysis, data is transferred to third-party providers such as Google, Akamai and Dynatrace. Marketing We also use so-called marketing cookies from third parties for the purpose of retargeting/remarketing and the placement of personalised online advertisements. These also enable cross-device tracking in some cases. The marketing cookies we use include those from Google and Facebook.


For more details, please see our privacy policy and cookie policy. Confirm selection Confirm all.


