


{removed href} Skip to content.


PRIVACY POLICY.


This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for UGREEN (including the UGREEN website at {removed hyperref}) what information we gather, how we handle it and how to correct or change it.


GENERAL PRIVACY INFORMATION.


While we take reasonable steps to protect your personal information once it is in our possession, UGREEN cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us before it reaches us, and you do so at your own risk. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online.


COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION.


Much of the information UGREEN collects is aggregated meaning that the information from many users is grouped together in a way that does not reveal the personal information of any particular user. We may use this aggregated information to evaluate which products and services are successful and which ones are not, and in order to evaluate which new products we should make available on UGREEN. We may also use the anonymous click stream data to help our advertisers deliver better-targeted advertisements.


In certain circumstances, UGREEN may collect personal information about you, for example when you create an account, contact us, enter a competition, make a purchase or join a mailing list. The types of personal information we may collect includes your name, contact details, payment details and enquiry or complaint details. We also collect personal information through our records of your transactions and interactions (including by email, phone and online) with UGREEN or on the UGREEN website. We collect personal information from you and in some cases from third parties including our related companies, your representatives and public sources.


We collect and use your personal information to provide, administer, improve and personalize the UGREEN website and our products, to run competitions, process payments and refunds, understand you better, maintain and update our records, complete registrations, verify your identity and protect our lawful interests. We may not be able to do these things without your personal information. For example, we may not be able to deliver your orders or respond to your inquiries.


We may exchange personal information with third party service providers who assist us with payment, marketing, data processing, IT, archival, auditing, accounting, customer contact, legal, business consulting, banking, delivery, data analysis, document management, research, investigation, insurance, website and other services. Some of these third parties may be located in USA, EU countries and other countries.


COOKIES.


A cookie is a small data file that certain websites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a member ID that the site uses to track the pages youve visited. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself.


Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. A cookie cant read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. This random number lets us keep track of how many times customers are doing specific things like visiting our site each month. We also use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and to make sure you dont see the same ad repeatedly. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your member ID.


Additionally, after youve entered your contact and delivery details during a session on our service, you can elect to save that information so you dont have to re-enter it on your return to the site. If you do not want this information to be saved, you must indicate DO NOT SAVE DETAILS when prompted. Users should be aware that UGREEN cannot control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for UGREEN.


If a user does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, users should note that cookies maybe necessary to provide the user with certain features (e. g., customized delivery of information) available on the UGREEN website.


When we send you emails or other electronic messages, we may keep records if you open the message and click on particular links. This helps us to better understand what information is of interest to you.


In some cases third parties may use cookies and other technologies such as web beacons and JavaScript on the UGREEN website in connection with online services like banner advertising, website analytics and surveys. This may allow them to collect information about your use of our website (including your computers IP address) which they may store in the United States or other countries. The use of these technologies allows them to deliver customized advertising content, measure the effectiveness of their advertising, evaluate users use of the UGREEN website and other websites and provide other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Those third parties may also transfer the information they collect to others where required to do so by law, or where those others process the information on their behalf. The services we may use from time to time include Google Analytics, Google Adwords, Adroll, Mailchimp and Clixgalore. You can find more details in the privacy policies for those services, including information on how to opt out of certain conduct.


NEWSLETTER AND MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS.


We offer a number of free newsletters to share content information about our site with interested users. There may be cases in which some of your personal information may be used by UGREEN on an ongoing basis to target e-commerce promotions and telemarketing activities unless you opt out or we are prevented by law. For example, when you register as a user or check out as a guest on UGREENs website, we may use your personal information to send you marketing and/or promotional materials from time to time. Users may elect to stop receiving marketing communications at any time by following the simple instructions at the bottom of the newsletter or communication or by contacting us as set out below.


ONLINE SECURITY.


UGREEN utilizes a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. All user contact information is contained behind a firewall and only accessible by a limited number of employees who have special access rights to production systems. We only store personal information in electronic form.


Credit card numbers are not stored in our systems in accordance with the highest of PCI-DSS standards. When purchasing from UGREEN your financial details are verified and processed by Paypal. Please refer to {removed hyperref} for their privacy policy.


If you choose to modify your personal information, you may do so by visiting the UGREEN member account page. You will be required to submit a valid member ID and password for authentication before you will be able to modify your file. Because password information has been encrypted, it is completely invisible, including to our customer service team.


PRIVACY ACT.


Nothing in this privacy policy is intended to limit our obligations or permitted handling of personal information under the Privacy Act and other applicable laws. We aim to ensure that our privacy policy continually meets all legal requirements in order to maintain and honor your privacy.


Please contact us as set out below if you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of UGREEN with respect to personal information, or if you have any queries or concerns about your dealings with the UGREEN website or our handling of your information. If you express any concerns that we have interfered with your privacy we will promptly respond to let you know who will be handling your matter and when you can expect a response.


You can also contact us as set out below if you wish to access or correct any personal information we hold about you. We may need to verify you identity. If we deny any request to access or correct personal information, we will provide our reasons. Where we decide not to make a requested correction to your personal information, you may ask us to note your request with the information.


CONTACT US.


Email: {removed hyperref}.


This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (Google). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files saved on your computer, to help the website analyze how you use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. If this website anonymizes IP addresses, your IP address will be truncated by Google within a EU member state or other EEA state before being transmitted to the US. Only in exceptional situations will your full IP address be transmitted to Google servers in the United States and truncated there. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. You can also prevent Google from collecting information (including your IP address) via cookies and processing this information by downloading this browser plugin and installing it: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at the {removed href} Google Analytics Terms of Service or at the {removed href} Google Analytics Privacy Overview. Please note that on this website, Google Analytics is supplemented by {removed hyperref} (); to ensure anonymized collection of IP addresses (IP masking).


