


{removed hyperref} 1. 800. 969. 3347.


By accessing or using this website, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of the website after we make changes is deemed acceptance of those changes, so please check this Privacy Policy periodically for updates.


I. Personal Information Collected.


We will collect personal information from users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when users visit the site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, respond to a survey, subscribe to a newsletter and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our website anonymously. If we provide links to websites of other organizations, this privacy policy does not cover how that organization processes personal information. We encourage you to read the privacy notices on the other websites you visit.


a. How do we collect your data?


The following are examples of the ways in which information will be collected:


{number list}.


{list item} Directly from you (e. g., during account registration, filling out a form, subscription to a newsletter or emails).


{list item} Indirectly from you (e. g., observing your actions on the website).


{list item} From third parties (e. g., third party social networking providers, data aggregators, affiliates).


{list item} From publicly available sources (e. g., online database searches).


b. What data do we collect?


The following are examples of the types of personal information collected:


{number list}.


{list item} Information you provide: name, email address, mailing address (billing and shipping), phone number, transaction information, payment card information, etc.


{list item} Information associated with the use of our site: information gathered from cookies and web pixels, such as IP address and interactions on the website to enhance your experience on our website, aggregations of multiple visits to the website, chat information.


{list item} Non-personal identification information: the browser / system information, the type of computer and technical information about users means of connection to our website, such as the operating system and the Internet service provider(s) utilized and other similar information.


c. How will we use your data?


We use your personal information for the following purposes:


{number list}.


{list item} Fulfill the order and delivery of products along with tax collection and remittance.


{list item} Live chat and servicing an order or inquiry.


{list item} Provide relevant information based on location e. g. nearby showrooms.


{list item} Determine eligibility for admittance into trade discount program.


{list item} Account activation and maintenance.


{list item} Analytics, business trends, and insights.


{list item} Interaction on social media.


We may share your personal information with one or more of the third parties described here:


{number list}.


{list item} between and among companies which are affiliated or under common ownership with Monte Carlo Fan Collections or Visual Comfort Co.,


{list item} vendors, service providers and consultants that perform services on our behalf,


{list item} companies which store and process data on our behalf,


{list item} companies which perform data analytics for us,


{list item} companies which help deliver and track our products,


{list item} companies which send you information about products on our behalf, and,


{list item} companies which you request us to share your personal information with.


Sharing of personal information with service providers or disclosures to third parties may involve the storage or processing of personal information outside of the jurisdiction in which you are located. Local privacy laws may require the disclosure of personal information to governmental authorities under circumstances that are different than those that apply in your country of residence.


In addition to what is listed in this Privacy Policy, we may also collect, use, and share your personal information in other ways with your consent or as otherwise permitted or required by law.


II. Data Retention.


We will not save your personal information longer than necessary with respect to the purpose of the processing, unless otherwise required or permitted by law.


III. Communications.


We may use your personal information to contact you with newsletters, marketing, or promotional materials.


IV. Cookies.


Cookies are files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visit behavior information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent though some features of the website require cookies, including registration for an online account. When you visit our website, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology in order to enhance and personalize your online experience and permit us to remember you when you return to our website, to deliver personalized marketing, and to better understand the way you use our website. For further information about cookies, visit {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


V. Data Collection.


We collect information using the following technologies in order to analyze the functionality and effectiveness of the website, to measure the performance of a marketing effort on our behalf, including email marketing, or to place advertising on our behalf across the Internet.


Cookies as explained above.


Log files track actions occurring on the website and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.


Web beacons, tags, and pixels are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the website.


VI. Do Not Track Signals.


Our website does not support Do Not Track (DNT) at this time. DNT is a privacy preference you can set in your web browser to indicate that you do not want certain information about your web page visits tracked and collected across websites. For more details, including how to turn on Do Not Track, visit {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


VII. Security.


The security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100 secure. We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information.


VIII. Google Analytics.


We use a tool called Google Analytics to collect some information we listed above, including usage and website activity information. We use the information we get from Google Analytics to improve the services. In order to collect this information, Google Analytics may set cookies on your browser or mobile device, or read cookies that are already there. Google Analytics may also receive information about you from apps you have downloaded, that partner with Google. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information.


Googles ability to use information collected by Google Analytics about your visits and share it with another application which partners with Google is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. Please review those and see {removed href} {removed hyperref}/ for information about how Google uses the information provided to Google Analytics and how you can control the information provided to Google. To prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, you can download the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on for Google Analytics, which can be found here: {removed href} {removed hyperref}/


IX. Know Your Rights.


To the extent a specific element of our processing, use, or disclosure of your personal information relies upon your consent, you may withdraw such consent at any time by contacting {removed hyperref} or 1-877-762-2323. Such a withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of the processing, use, or disclosure prior to the consent withdrawal.


If you wish to object to the processing, use, or disclosure of your personal information on the basis of legitimate interest and no opt-out mechanism is available to you directly, please send your request to {removed hyperref}.


If you do not provide us with certain portions of your personal information, we may not be able to fulfill the requested purpose of collection, such as to respond to your queries or to provide our website to you. However, unless otherwise specified, not providing your personal information will not result in legal consequences for you.


X. Exercise Your Rights.


For any questions regarding the Privacy Policy or to exercise your rights, please contact {removed hyperref} or 1-877-762-2323.


Visual Comfort Co.


7400 Linder Ave.


Skokie IL 60077.


{removed href} Click here to download the California Consumer Act Policy.


