


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href}.


{list item} {removed href} Privacy Policy.


Categories Information {removed href} About Us {removed href} Delivery Information {removed href} Privacy Policy {removed href} Terms Conditions {removed href} Software Download Center {removed href} Support Center {removed href} Contact Us {removed href} Site Map.


Privacy Policy.


This Privacy Policy explains how {removed hyperref} (us, our, and we), collects and uses information when you interact with us. If you do not agree to our practices, please do not register, set an alert, create an account, or otherwise use our services.


Please Contact Us if you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy.


WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT?


We collect your personal information including your name, address, phone number and email that you provide to us when you when you register, subscribe, set an alert, or create an account.


We also use cookies and related technologies to collect non-personal information information about your computer and your interaction with the Services and our business partner websites, such as your browser type, your ISP, your operating system, information about your activities on our Properties, and your IP Address.


We may also use Google, a third party vendor, to collect the information that Google requests for authorization. This information may include your name, email address, gender, city, and state. You should review your privacy settings on Google and select only those information you wish to share.


HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR?


All the information we have collected from you will be used to personalize and improve your experience on our web. We may use the information to:


1. Operate, fulfill, and improve your requests for our Services.


2. Send you new product information or topics you may be interested in.


3. Communicate with you, including product technical support, questions regarding your orders, and other communications such as registration or members benefit..


4. Carry out a research, contest, promotion, survey, or for the purpose of recordkeeping and reporting.


HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.


DO WE USE COOKIES? Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.


We use cookies to understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.


We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.


You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. If you turn cookies off, you wont have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.


DO WE DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION TO OUTSIDE PARTIES? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. The term outside parties does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is necessary to comply with the law or in the event of an emergency. We may disclose non-personally identifiable visitor information to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other purposes.


HOW DO YOU MANAGE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION You may review, update, or change information that you have provided to us, or request that we deactivate your account, by emailing us at {removed hyperref}. If you request that we deactivate your account, we may retain certain personal information in our archives for record-keeping purposes. We are not able to remove personal information from the records or databases of third parties with which we have already shared such information.


THIRD PARTY LINKS In order to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites.


ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY ONLY This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.


YOUR CONSENT By using our site, you consent to this privacy policy.


CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.


If you have any questions, please contact us by email at {removed hyperref}, or by phone at (800) 279-9718, or by mail at:


{removed hyperref}.


12234 shadow creek pkwy, STE 5102.


Pearland, TX 77584.


U. S. A.


{removed href} TOP.


