


WE USE COOKIES TO MAKE YOUR EXPERIENCE BETTER. To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent to set the cookies. {removed href} Learn more.


Allow Cookies.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} PRIVACY POLICY.


{removed href}.


Privacy Policy.


Compulocks Group (COMPULOCKS, WE) is committed to maintaining the privacy of its users (USER, YOU). Compulocks operates through various websites such as {removed hyperref}, {removed hyperref}, {removed hyperref}, {removed hyperref}, and {removed hyperref} (the WEBSITE). The following information describes how Compulocks collects and processes information about you when you use our Website.


WHAT DOES OUR PRIVACY POLICY COVER?


The information we collect and why we collect it.


{number list}.


{list item} How we use that information.


{list item} Your rights with regard to the collection of such information.


By using our Website, you agree to this Privacy Policy.


Compulocks provide innovative high-quality security and displays hardware solutions (PRODUCTS). Compulocks products are tailored to the specific needs of Compulocks customers, to enable them to improve their customer experience and strengthen their brand image (SERVICES).


WHAT INFORMATION ARE WE COLLECTING ABOUT YOU?


{number list}.


{list item} Non-personal information: This type of information may include your session durations, the content you accessed on the Website, the frequency, and scope of your use of the Website and information about your computer and internet connection including the operating system you use and browser type.


{list item} Personal Information: This type of information is information from which you can be personally identified. This information includes, without limitation, your name, email address, telephone number, company, job title, and the location of the computer through which you used the Website.


HOW DO WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION?


Information we collect when you create an account with us.


If you wish to open an account on our Website, we will have to collect your name, email address and telephone number to complete your registration process. Your account will facilitate your ongoing relationship with us, as it will enable you to review your order history, track the products that you wish to purchase and contact us with respect to any inquiry you have in relation to your account.


Information we collect via our online chat.


We will collect your Personal Information when you reach out to us via our online chat. Such information includes the contact details you provide us, your IP address as well as any content you submit in your inquiries.


Information we collect when you contact us for support.


If you wish to contact us regarding any of our products, services, the Website, or this Privacy Policy we will collect your name and email address to facilitate your inquiry.


Purchasing a product in our online store.


We will collect your Personal Information when you wish to purchase a product through our online store. Payment information shall be collected by a third-party service provider who will process your payment information under a highly secured industry security standard. Such collection of information will enable us to complete your purchase and provide you with the Services you requested to receive.


Newsletter updates.


If you wish to receive our newsletter for our latest updates and events, you may check the box at the bottom of the Website page and we will send you our newsletter updates. If, at any point, you would like to withdraw your consent and stop receiving our newsletter, you may notify us by writing to {removed href} {removed hyperref} or unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each newsletter.


Information we collect via various technologies.


We will collect certain information by means of different technologies. Such technologies enable us to aggregate information about your use of our Website and improve our performance accordingly. For more information please see our Cookie Section below and our {removed href} cookie policy.


HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?


We use the Personal Information we collect from you for a range of different business purposes as described below:


{number list}.


{list item} We collect Personal Information to provide you with the Services you contracted to receive with respect to the products you purchased or wish to purchase. Such collection of information will enable us to provide you with technical and professional assistance, as shall be required by you.


{list item} We collect Personal Information to improve and develop our Services and understand feedback on Compulocks Services and products.


{list item} We collect Personal Information for the ongoing review and improvement of the information provided on our Website to ensure it is user friendly.


{list item} We collect Personal Information to improve the management and administration of our business and maintain compliancy with our internal policies and procedures.


{list item} We conduct surveys and research, test features in development, and analyze the information we have to evaluate and improve our Services, develop new features and products, and conduct audits and troubleshooting activities.


{list item} We may use your information to detect and prevent fraud, abuse and security incidents by; verifying and authenticating your identity and preventing unauthorized or illegal activity, enhancing the safety and security of our Website and Services, conducting security investigations and risk assessments and preventing or taking actions against activities that are, or maybe, in breach of our terms of service or applicable law.


{list item} If you have used Compulocks Services in the past, we may match the data we collect with other data we had already collected. This enables us to understand your needs and interests, optimize the content we send you and make it more suitable and relevant to your needs.


WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH AND WHY?


Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we reasonably attempt to ensure that we never intentionally disclose any of your Personal Information, to any third party without having received your permission, except as provided for herein or otherwise as permitted or required under law. In order to perform our contractual responsibilities and obligations, we may, from time to time, need to share your Personal Information with third parties such as:


Compulocks Brands Group.


We may share your Personal Information with our affiliates, subsidiaries and group companies to process your orders and provide you with the Services you requested to receive with respect to the location in which you are situated.


Service Providers.


We may share your Personal Information with third-party service providers and individuals who facilitate our Services, such as marketing, data management or maintenance services.


Please note that these parties may be located in countries other than your own, and we may send them the information we receive. So, when such third party service providers process your Personal Information on our behalf, we will assure that they comply with obligations similar to those which are set forth in this Privacy Policy. We will also assure you that they will abide by our data privacy and security requirements, and will be allowed to use the Personal Information solely for the purposes we set. We will transfer your Personal Information while using appropriate and suitable safeguards, while using a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts, to ensure your rights and protections travel with your data.


Analytics Services.


We may share your Personal Information with Analytics service providers for analytics services. Such analytics service providers set their own cookies or other identifiers on your computer, through which they can collect information about your usage of our Website. This helps us compile aggregated statistics about the effectiveness of our Website and Services.


Purchase of our Business.


We may share your Personal Information in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, the sale of related assets or corporate division or other fundamental corporate changes.


Compliance with a Legal Obligation.


Information about you may also be released in order to comply with any valid legal obligation or inquiry or process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute or court order.


Special Cases.


We will also share your specific information in special cases, such as if you use the Website to perform an unlawful act or omission or take any act or omission that may damage Compulocks, its property and goodwill, or if there is an attempted breach of the security of the Website or a physical or property threat to you or others.


WHAT ARE YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS?


You have the right at any time to request to access or modify your information. To exercise these options, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


If you feel that any of your rights have been compromised, you have the right to file a complaint to the relevant supervisory authority.


WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT?


CalOPPA requires commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The laws reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers, to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. See more at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.{removed hyperref}.


According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:


{number list}.


{list item} Once this Privacy Policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or on the first significant page after entering our Website.


{list item} Our Privacy Policy link includes the word Privacy and can easily be found on each page on the Website.


{list item} You can request to change your Personal Information by emailing us.


WHAT ARE YOUR CCPA RIGHTS?


The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) permits users who are California residents to request to exercise certain rights. If you are a California resident, the CCPA grants you the right to request certain information about our practices with respect to your Personal Information. In particular, you can request to receive information on the following:


{number list}.


{list item} The categories and specific pieces of your Personal Information that we have collected.


{list item} The categories of sources from which we collected your Personal Information.


{list item} The business or commercial purposes for which we collected your Personal Information.


{list item} The categories of third parties with which we shared your Personal Information.


You can be rest assured that we do not sell your Personal Information. If you choose to exercise your rights, we will not charge you different prices or provide different quality of our Services, unless those differences are related to the provision of your Personal Information.


Please note that you must verify your identity and request before further action is taken. As a part of this process, government identification may be required. Moreover, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf.


We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. Any disclosures we provide, will only cover the 12 month period preceding your verifiable requests receipt. If, for some reason, we cannot reply within such time frame, our response will include an explanation for our inability to comply. If you wish to exercise your CCPA rights, please contact us at: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:


{bullet list}.


{list item} Deny you goods or services.


{list item} Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.


{list item} Provide you with a different level or quality of goods or services.


{list item} Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.


HOW DO WE COMPLY WITH THE CAN SPAM ACT?


The CAN-SPAM Act is a Federal US law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out strict penalties for violations.


To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:


{number list}.


{list item} Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.


{list item} Identify the commercial message sent to you as an advertisement when required.


{list item} Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.


{list item} Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.


{list item} Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.


{list item} Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.


If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.


HOW DO COOKIES HELP US UNDERSTAND WHAT YOU NEED?


We may use cookies and/or other technologies or files (collectively, COOKIES) to identify how visitors make use of this Website. This aggregated tracking information may be used to help us improve and enhance the Website experience for all of our visitors. In addition, cookies are used for adjusting the Website to your personal preferences. Cookies contain information such as the pages you visited, the length of time you stayed on the Website, the location from which you accessed the Website, and more. If you would prefer not to have cookies stored on your computer, you may modify your browser settings to reject most cookies, or manually remove cookies that have been placed on your computer. However, by rejecting the cookies, you may be unable to fully access the offerings on this Website. To find out more about cookies, visit {removed href} {removed hyperref} and our {removed href} Cookie Policy.


LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES.


This Website may provide links to other websites. Please be aware that these other websites are not covered by our Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices exercised by other providers of products or services, advertisers, or other websites, companies, or individuals, which are not owned or controlled by Compulocks. We suggest that when linking to another website, you always read that websites privacy policy before volunteering any personally identifiable information.


HOW DO WE SECURE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?


We deploy industry standard, or better measures to ensure the security, confidentiality, integrity, and availability of personal data we process. We maintain physical, technical, and administrative safeguards, and test and update these periodically. We endeavor to restrict access to Personal Information on a need to know basis for the provision of Services to you. In the event of a security breach, we will take all reasonable action to minimize any harm. Although we will do our best to protect Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to our site or to group companies, and transmission is at the users own risk.


HOW LONG WILL WE SAVE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?


Generally, Compulocks does not retain information longer than necessary to provide its Services and for its reasonable business and lawful needs.


CHILDRENS PRIVACY.


The Website is not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not, knowingly or intentionally, collect information about children who are under 13 years of age.


IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 13 YOU MAY NOT USE THE WEBSITE, UNLESS PARENTAL CONSENT IS PROVIDED ACCORDINGLY.


YOU ARE FREE TO ASK ANYTHING YOU WANT REGARDING OUR PRIVACY POLICY.


If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the practices described above, you are always welcome to contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


REVISIONS AND MODIFICATIONS TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY.


We reserve the right to revise, amend, or modify this Privacy Policy at any time. When changing the Privacy Policy, we will update this posting accordingly. Please review this Privacy Policy often so that you will remain updated regarding our current policies.


GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION.


This Privacy Policy will be governed and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of Texas, without giving effect to its choice of law rules. You expressly agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy shall be to the competent courts in Austin, Texas, to the exclusion of any other jurisdiction.


This page was updated on July 21st, 2020.


Powered by {removed href}.


