


Privacy Policy.


Effective Date: 2018/5/25 Guide Thank you for supporting homgeek. In order to make you enjoy using {removed hyperref} with confidence, This Privacy Policy explains how homgeek collect, use, share and process your information.


Your privacy is important to us. Our tough security and privacy policy keep your trusted information safe and private. we guarantee that we will not sell, share, or rent your information to any outside parties. Collection and Use of Personal Data Definition of Personal Data Personal data is information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify you. Personal data also includes anonymous data that is linked to information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify you. Personal data does not include data that has been irreversibly anonymized or aggregated so that it can no longer enable us, whether in combination with other information or otherwise, to identify you. What Personal Data Do We Collect? Depending on the products and services you use, we collect different kinds of personal data from or about you.


Data you provide: We collect the personal data you provide when you use our products and services or otherwise interact with us, such as when you create an account, contact us, participate in an online survey, use our online help or online chat tool.


Data about use of our services and products: When you visit our websites, we may collect data about the type of device you use, your devices unique identifier, the IP address of your device, your operating system, the type of Internet browser that you use, usage information, diagnostic information, and location information from or about the computers, phones, or other devices on which you install or access our products or services. Where available, our services may use GPS, your IP address, and other technologies to determine a devices approximate location to allow us to improve our products and services.


Note: No one other than yourself can access your password, including our staff. How Do We Collect the Information? When you browse our website, we may collect your IP address, browser, operating system, and the URL you request.


When you register our website, we may collect the registered email, password, nickname, Country, the date and time, browser and operating system, the URL you request.


If we have a partnership with you, we may collect more information, for example, your phone number, your website, your online URL for reviews and testimonials. How Do We Use Your Personal Data? Generally speaking, we use personal data to provide, improve, and develop our products and services, to communicate with you, to offer you targeted advertisements and services, and to protect us and our customers.


homgeek determines and controls how to process your personal data as the data controller for the following purposes:


Providing, improving, and developing our products and services.


We use your personal data to help us provide, improve, and develop our products and services. This may include using personal data for purposes such as complete shopping process, improving the users experiences, data analysis, research, and audits. Such processing is based on your prior express consent or our legitimate interest in offering you products and services. We encourage you to read those rules of privacy policy carefully before participating. If you no longer wish to agree above services we provide, please contact us to opt-out.


Communicating with you.


Subject to your prior express consent, we may use personal data to send you marketing communications in relation to our own products and services, communicate with you about your account or transactions, and inform you about our policies and terms. If you no longer wish to receive email communications for direct marketing purposes, please contact us to opt-out. We also may use your data to process and respond to your requests when you contact us. If you no longer wish to agree above services we provide, please contact us to opt-out.


Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.


Offering and measuring targeted advertisements and services.


Subject to your prior express consent, we may use your personal data to personalize your experience with our products and services and on third-party websites and applications and to determine the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns. You are free to choose whether to receive promotional information or not. If you no longer wish to agree above services we provide, please send an e-mail to us to opt-out or chooseunsubscribe to opt out in those e-mails.


Promoting safety and security.


Subject to your prior express consent, we may use some technical measures to protect your personal data for helping verify accounts and user normal activities, as well as to promote data safety and security, such as by monitoring fraud and investigating suspicious or potentially illegal activity or violations of our terms or policies. Such processing is based on our legitimate interest in helping ensure the safety of our products and services.


Cookies and Similar Technologies Definition of Cookies Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. Why Do We Use Cookies? Strictly necessary cookies, which are required for the operation of the Services. Without them, for example, you would not be able to register or log in for the Services that homgeek offers.


We use cookies and similar technologies to provide, protect, and improve our products and services, such as by personalizing content, offering and measuring advertisements, understanding user behavior, and providing a safer experience.


Note: You can remove or reject cookies using your browser or device settings, but in some cases doing so may affect your ability to use our products and services. Disclosure of Personal Data We make certain personal data available to strategic partners that work with us to provide our products and services or help us market to customers. Personal data will only be shared by us with these companies in order to provide or improve our products, services, and advertising; it will not be shared with third parties for their own marketing purposes without your prior express consent. Service Providers We share personal data with companies that provide services on our behalf, such as website hosting, email services, marketing, sponsoring of sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions, auditing, fulfilling customer orders, data analytics, providing customer service, and conducting customer research and satisfaction surveys. These companies are obligated to protect your data and may be located wherever we operate. Corporate Affiliates and Corporate Business Transactions We may share personal data with all Shenzhen Tomtop Technology Co., Ltd. In the event of a merger, reorganization, acquisition, joint venture, assignment, spin-off, transfer, or sale or disposition of all or any portion of our business, including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings, we may transfer any and all personal data to the relevant third party. Legal Compliance and Security It may be necessaryby law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residencefor us to disclose personal data. We may also disclose personal data if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, the disclosure is necessary or appropriate.


We may also disclose personal data if we determine in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect our rights and pursue available remedies, enforce our terms and conditions, investigate fraud, or protect our operations or users. Legal Basis For The Processing of Personal Data from EEA Residents It may be necessaryby law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residencefor us to disclose personal data. We may also disclose personal data if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, a disclosure is necessary or appropriate.


If you reside within the European Economic Area(EEA), our processing of your personal data will be legitimized as follows: Whenever we require your consent for the processing of your personal data such processing will be justified pursuant to Article 6(1) lit. (a) of the General Data Protection Regulation(EU) 2016/679(GDPR). If the processing of your personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us or for taking any pre-contractual steps upon your request, such processing will be based on GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (b). Where the processing is necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation, we will process your data on basis of GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (c), and where the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests, such processing will be made in accordance with GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (f). Your Rights We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal data is accurate, complete, and up to date. You have the right to access, correct, or delete the personal data that we collect. You are also entitled to restrict or object, at any time, to the further processing of your personal data. You have the right to receive your personal data in a structured and standard format. You may lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority regarding the processing of your personal data.


To protect the privacy and the security of your personal data, we may request data from you to enable us to confirm your identity and right to access such data, as well as to search for and provide you with the personal data we maintain. There are instances where applicable laws or regulatory requirements allow or require us to refuse to provide or delete some or all of the personal data that we maintain.


You may Contact Us to exercise your rights. We will respond to your request in a reasonable time frame, and in any event in less than 30 days. Third Party Links Our websites, products, and services may contain links to or the ability for you to access third-party websites, products, and services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by those third parties, nor are we responsible for the information or content their products and services contain. This Privacy Statement applies solely to data collected by us through our products and services. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of any third party before proceeding to use their websites, products, or services. Data Security, Integrity, and Retention We use reasonable technical, administrative, and physical security measures designed to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access to your data and to correctly use the data we collect. For example, access to your personal data is restricted to our employees, contractors, and agents who need access to such data to perform their assigned job duties.


It is important that you take precautions to protect against unauthorized access to your homgeek products, account credentials, and computer or other devices. If you feel that the security of your account or personal data has been compromised, please immediately Contact Us. Please be aware that, despite our best efforts, no security system is impenetrable. In the event of a security breach, we will promptly notify you and the proper authorities if required by law.


We will retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. Data Transfers, Storage, and Processing Globally When we share your personal data with our partners, homgeek-affiliated companies, and service providers, your personal data may be transferred to and/or made accessible from countries out of the European Economic Area. In such circumstances, we will enter into model contractual clauses as adopted by the European Commission, or rely on alternative legal bases such as the Privacy Shield, where applicable, or binding corporate rules where our partners or service providers have adopted such internal policies approved by European data protection authorities. Changes to this Privacy Statement We may periodically change this Privacy Statement to keep pace with new technologies, industry practices, and regulatory requirements, among other reasons. We expect most such changes to be minor. Any non-material changes will take effect immediately upon posting of an updated Privacy Statement.


However, there may be cases where changes to the Privacy Statement may be more significant. In such cases, we will first provide a more prominent notice.


Your continued use of our products and services after the effective date of the Privacy Statement means that you accept the revised Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to the revised Privacy Statement, please refrain from using our products or services and contact {removed href} {removed hyperref}. Choice and Opt-Out If you no longer wish to receive the Companys promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each communication or by {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


OUR SITE RUNS OF COOKIES.


homgeek use cookies to give you the best shopping experience. If you continue to use our services or create a new account, we will assume that you agree to our. {removed href} Privacy Policy. X.


