


{bullet list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} Privacy Policy.


PRIVACY POLICY.


Last updated November 1, 2020.


Briggs Stratton, LLC and its affiliates (Briggs Stratton, we, or us) takes your privacy seriously, and we want you to know how we collect, use, share and protect your personal information.


THIS PRIVACY POLICY TELLS YOU:


{bullet list}.


{list item} What personal information we collect.


{list item} The purposes for which we use that information.


{list item} How we may share that information.


{list item} How we protect your information.


{list item} How long we keep your information.


{list item} Your choices regarding your personal information.


{list item} Information specific to your region.


{list item} Questions and updates.


Except for the section on California below, this Policy applies to personal information that Briggs Stratton and our brands, which include but are not limited to Briggs Stratton, Simplicity, Snapper, Ferris, Vanguard, Allmand, Billy Goat, Murray, Branco and Victa (collectively, Briggs Stratton) collect through our websites and applications (Apps) (collectively, the Site).


The personal information collected through the Site is transferred to a server located in the United States and maintained by Briggs Stratton. Briggs Stratton will use your personal information and may transfer your personal information to third parties located in the United States and in third countries for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. These third countries may have data protection standards that are different from the standards in the country where you reside. By submitting your personal information to this Site and/or affirmatively indicating your consent through that process, you consent to the use, disclosure and transfer of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. Personal information is information that could reasonably be used to identify you individually, such as your name, e-mail address, and telephone number.


1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT.


a. Information You Give Us.


We collect information that you enter on our Site. For example, we collect information from you when you place an order, create an account, e-mail us with a question, create a Wish List, write a review, download and use one of our applications, or use any of our services. The information we collect from you may include:


{number list}.


{list item} Your name.


{list item} Your login credentials for your account.


{list item} Your mailing address.


{list item} Your email address.


{list item} Your phone number.


{list item} Your orders, credit card number and other payment information.


{list item} Your comments on blogs and forums on the Site.


{list item} Demographic and lifestyle information, such as age, personal interests and product preferences.


{list item} Information you provide about your use of our products or services.


b. Information You Provide About Third Parties.


If you provide personal information about third parties to the Site, it will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You are responsible for providing notice and obtaining consent to share the personal information of third parties as required by applicable law.


c. Information From Third Parties.


We may receive information about you from third parties who help us update, expand and analyze our records, and improve our website experience. We do not use this information to identify you individually, but it does reflect some of your activities on the Internet, such as the web sites you visited immediately before visiting the Site or links available at other websites that directed you to the Site. In addition, in order for this Site to enhance its ability to tailor the Site to an individuals preference, we may combine information about the purchasing habits of users with similar information from our merchant partners to create a personalized user profile. When a user makes a purchase from our merchant partners, the companies collect and share that purchase information with us so we can tailor the Site to our users preferences.


d. Information Collected Through Technology.


DO WE USE COOKIES?


Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.


We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits to our Site and compile aggregate data about Site traffic and Site interactions so that we can offer better Site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our Site visitors. These service providers are permitted to use the information collected on our behalf only to help us conduct and improve our business.


If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies by adjusting your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone or by contacting customer service.


We do not allow third parties to collect individually identifiable information about you or your online activities at this Site or across different sites over time by using cookies or by any other means.


You can find more information on how we use cookies in our {removed href} Cookie Policy.


LOG FILES.


The Site uses Internet Protocol (IP) addresses to analyze trends, administer the Site, track user movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. An Internet Service Provider (ISP) typically assigns a random dynamic IP address at the time of your dial-up. For local area network (LAN), DSL, or cable modem users, a static IP address may be permanently assigned to a particular computer. We may record the IP addresses of visitors to the Site. While an IP address may reveal your ISP or geographic area, we cannot determine your identity solely based upon your IP address. However, we may link IP addresses to personally identifiable information you provide through the Site.


e. Information You Provide To A Third Party.


The Site includes links from the Site to, and plug-ins (such as Twitter buttons) from, sites or applications operated by third parties (Third-Party Sites). Briggs Stratton does not control any Third-Party Sites and is not responsible for any information they may collect. The information collection practices of Third-Party Sites are governed by their privacy policies. It is your choice to enter any Third-Party Site. We recommend that you read the privacy policy if you choose to do so. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Site and welcome any feedback about these Third-Party Sites.


f. Data Collected From Product Monitoring Apps.


Briggs Stratton offers Apps that collect and display information about internet-connected Briggs Stratton products (Product Monitoring Apps). For example, Briggs Stratton might offer a Product Monitoring App that collects information from an internet-connected generator purchased from Briggs Stratton. If you download a Product Monitoring App and register on that App an internet-connected Briggs Stratton product that you use or that you have purchased, the Product Monitoring App may collect data about that product, such as usage data. For example, in the case of an internet-connected generator, the App might collect information about how many hours per week the generator runs. If you also provide personal information to the Product Monitoring App, e. g., your name or your address, then the App may link data collected from the product with your personal information. If the data from the product is linked to personal information, we will treat that data as personal information too.


Some Product Monitoring Apps may collect data about the physical location of your internet-connected Briggs Stratton products. Briggs Stratton will not combine location data with personal information without informing you under a separate policy or notice. As such, Briggs Stratton will not treat location data as personal information unless such location data is combined with personal information or unless required by applicable law.


In addition to the reasons described below, the purpose for which we collect information through the Product Monitoring Apps is to provide you information about your internet-connected Briggs Stratton products, and so that we can improve such products and related services. Briggs Stratton is the sole and exclusive owner of any information it collects, receives or creates relating to its Apps that is not personal information (e. g. such as technical data and analytics data), and it will use, store, process, share and disclose such information for any purposes, subject to applicable law.


The details of how a Product Monitoring App handles data may be more specifically described in policies or terms of use specific to that App. If the App or Briggs Stratton product you are using has a separate privacy policy or terms of use applicable to it, that privacy policy or terms of use shall control over the terms in this Privacy Policy.


2. THE PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT.


We use the information we collect to serve our customers and improve their experience at the Site. Some examples include:


{number list}.


{list item} Fulfilling orders and requests for products, services or information.


{list item} Tracking and confirming online orders.


{list item} Improving customer service.


{list item} Marketing and advertising products and services.


{list item} Conducting research and analysis.


{list item} Establishing and managing your accounts with us.


{list item} Communicating about special events, sweepstakes, promotions and surveys.


{list item} Identifying you on our Site and tailoring messages and offers to you based on your interactions with us online.


{list item} Facilitating interactions with Briggs Stratton and others, such as enabling you to email a link to a friend or post a link on Facebook.


{list item} Continuously evaluating and improving our online user experience.


{list item} Preventing, discovering and investigating violations of this Privacy Policy or any applicable privacy policy or terms of service or terms of use, and investigating fraud, chargebacks or other matters.


{list item} Compliance with the law or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Briggs Stratton, our users, or others, including to maintain network and information security, for fraud prevention, and to report suspected criminal acts.


Except as permitted by applicable law, Briggs Stratton will only use personal information that you provide to us as indicated at the time of disclosure (or was obvious at the time of disclosure), in addition to the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.


Surveys and Contests.


From time-to-time our Site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary, and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address) and demographic information (such as zip/post code or age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use of, and your satisfaction with, this Site.


3. HOW WE SHARE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT.


We do not sell, rent or trade your personal information to third parties. The following are some of the ways we share your personal data:


{number list}.


{list item} BRIGGS STRATTON ENTITIES: Briggs Stratton, or its subsidiaries or affiliates, are the owners of related brands, including but not limited to, Snapper, Simplicity, Brute, Murray, and Victa. As such, if you provide information on any of the websites owned or operated by Briggs Stratton, or its subsidiaries or affiliates, this information may be combined or shared among other current or future Briggs Stratton entities, including subsidiaries and affiliates.


{list item} THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS: We also may share your information with third-party service providers under contract with Briggs Stratton, or its subsidiaries or affiliates, to help us provide services to you. Such third-party service providers include, for example, credit card payment processors, email marketers, website analytics providers, and chat communications providers.


{list item} PARTNERS: We also may share your information with third parties who sell products or services that we believe might be of interest to you, such as independent dealers who sell our products and services, distributors who distribute our products to dealers, and other merchant partners who, for example, provide related products and services, such as gardening equipment or supplies.


{list item} CONSENT: We may disclose personal information with third parties if requested or consented to by you, or in the event the information is used in a form in which you are not identified.


{list item} REQUIRED DISCLOSURES: Sometimes we may be required to share personal information in a court proceeding, or in response to a court order, subpoena, civil discovery request, other legal process, or as otherwise required by law.


{list item} LEGAL COMPLIANCE AND PROTECTIONS: We may disclose account and other personal information when we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with the law or protect the rights, property, or safety of Briggs Stratton, its subsidiaries or affiliates, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.


{list item} CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS: We reserve the right to disclose and transfer your information, including your personal information:


{number list}.


{list item} To a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of the Site or successor database.


{list item} In connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, the sale of substantially all of our membership interests and/or assets or other corporate change, including to any prospective purchasers.


PUBLIC FORUMS.


Our Site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. In addition, your participation in any blog or community form through the Site is subject to the Terms of Use.


CHILDRENS ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION.


We do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our Site, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. If you are under the age of 13, you are not authorized to use this Site. If a country has a higher age for juvenile online privacy protections, we will not collect data from any minor in that country who is younger than the minimum age requirement.


4. HOW WE PROTECT THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT.


We work to secure your personal information from being lost, accessed, used, modified, or disclosed by/to unauthorized persons. During transmission of personal information between you and our Site, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software to encrypt information you input. During the order process, we reveal only the last four digits of your credit card number when confirming an order. The entire credit card number is, of course, submitted to the appropriate credit card company during order processing, but we do not store your credit card information on our servers.


All of our users information is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. All employees with access to personal information are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. After a new policy is added, these employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to enhance protection for our customers information. Finally, the servers that we use to store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure, restricted access area.


It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to close your browser after you have completed your visit to the Site.


Please note that despite our reasonable efforts, no security measure is ever perfect or impenetrable, so we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.


5. HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.


6. YOUR CHOICES REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


You may choose to:


{number list}.


{list item} Stop receiving marketing or promotional emails by clicking the unsubscribe link in the email.


{list item} Update, delete and correct personal information in your account or by contacting us. We will update, delete and correct your personal information as required by applicable law.


7. INFORMATION SPECIFIC TO YOUR REGION.


For the State of California, please read the information below.


ASSISTANCE FOR THE DISABLED.


Alternative formats of this Privacy Statement are available to individuals with a disability. Please contact us by {removed href} email for assistance.


SCOPE:


Whose personal information is covered by this California section?


This California section only applies to the personal information of residents of the U. S. state of California in their capacity as consumers (California consumers).


Consumer does not include Briggs Strattons employees, job applicants, owners, directors, officers, medical staff members, or contract workers (collectively, HR individuals), or the emergency contacts of HR individuals or the dependents or spouses who receive Briggs Stratton benefits by virtue of their relationship to an HR individual in their capacities as HR individuals or emergency contacts, dependents, or spouses.


Consumer also does not include employees or other agents of a business engaged in a transaction with Briggs Stratton in their capacities as employees or agents of that business.


What is personal information for the purposes of this California section?


For purposes of this California section, personal information means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular California consumer or household.


What personal information does this California section cover?


This California section applies to all personal information of California consumers collected by Briggs Stratton, disclosed by Briggs Stratton for business purposes, or sold by Briggs Stratton, regardless of whether the personal information is collected, disclosed or sold through Briggs Strattons website.


A. How We Collect The Personal Information Of California Consumers.


CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED IN THE LAST 12 MONTHS.


SOURCES OF THAT PERSONAL INFORMATION.


BUSINESS PURPOSES AND COMMERCIAL PURPOSES FOR COLLECTING THAT PERSONAL INFORMATION.


Identifiers, including: name; address; email address; IP address for website and online services users.


{number list}.


Provided directly by the California consumer.


Dealers and distributors of Briggs Stratton products and other merchant partners. For example, a dealer might provide the name of a technician to Briggs Strattons online training website or provide a consumers purchasing information;


Educational institutions, for example, when signing up a student to take training courses on Briggs Strattons online training website.


1. Auditing related to a current interaction with the consumer and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of impressions, and auditing compliance with the law.


2. Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity.


3. Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.


4. Short-term, transient use.


5. Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services, and providing analytic services.


6. Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.


7. Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by Briggs Stratton, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by Briggs Stratton.


8. Product and service training, for example, by providing training and information on using, servicing, selling, and displaying Briggs Strattons products and services.


9. Communications about promotions, for example, by communicating about special events, sweepstakes, promotions and surveys.


10. Facilitating communications, for example, by collecting and organizing contact information, establishing means of communications, and communicating with current and prospective customers, including regarding questions and feedback.


Non-public education information, in the form of test scores for technicians on the online training modules (Technicians/Dealers and Students of Tech Schools only).


Provided directly by the California consumer.


{number list}.


{list item} Purposes 6 and 8 from Identifiers above and.


{list item} Performing services in the form of training and evaluation of technicians.


Internet or other electronic network activity information, web pages visited; time on web page; buttons clicked. (Website Users and Consumers (IoT) only).


Automated technologies. For example, Briggs Stratton websites automatically collect frequency of login to personal accounts.


{number list}.


{list item} Purposes 2, 5, 9, and 10 from Identifiers above and.


{list item} Undertaking activities to maintain the quality of service to clients.


Geolocation data in the form of the GPS coordinates of an internet-connected Briggs Stratton product that allows location tracking. (Website users and Consumers (IoT) only).


Automated technologies.


{number list}.


{list item} Purpose 5 from Identifiers above and.


{list item} Undertaking activities to maintain quality and safety of Briggs Stratton products and to enhance the service of the products.


Professional or employment-related information, including: the name of the dealership where product technicians work (Technicians/Dealers and Students of Tech Schools only).


{number list}.


{list item} Provided directly by the California consumer.


{list item} Dealers and distributors of Briggs Stratton and other merchant partners.


{number list}.


{list item} Product and service training, for example, by providing training and information on servicing Briggs Strattons products and services.


{list item} Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.


{list item} Performing services in the form of training and evaluation of technicians.


Profile information, including: attitudes collected from open-ended comments left by users on Briggs Stratton website; purchasing patterns. (Website users only).


{number list}.


{list item} Provided directly by the California consumer.


{list item} Automated technologies.


{number list}.


{list item} Auditing related to interaction with consumer and concurrent transaction.


{list item} Undertaking internal research for technological development, and maintain quality of the service.


Commercial information, including: products and services purchased; product registration data; purchase, service, and installation dates.


{number list}.


{list item} Provided directly by the California consumer.


{list item} Automated technologies.


{list item} Dealers and distributors of Briggs Stratton products and other merchant partners.


{number list}.


{list item} The purposes listed for Identifiers, except for purposes 3 and 4.


Financial Information, in the form of payment information transmitted directly to Briggs Strattons payment processing service provider.


{number list}.


{list item} Provided directly by the California consumer.


{list item} Dealers and distributors of Briggs Stratton products and other merchant partners.


Purposes 4 and 5 from Identifiers above.


Product and service usage information: user reviews; account log-in frequency over time; if the user activates the internet-connected functionality of a Briggs Stratton product, details including equipment status, equipment model, job site, product expiration date and product run time.


{number list}.


{list item} Provided directly by the California consumer.


{list item} Automated technologies.


The purposes listed for Identifiers, except for purposes 2 and 3.


B. How We Share The Personal Information Of California consumers.


CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED IN THE LAST 12 MONTHS.


CATEGORIES OF THIRD PARTIES WITH WHICH BRIGGS STRATTON SHARED THAT PERSONAL INFORMATION.


For all categories: Briggs Stratton discloses personal information to government agencies, law enforcement, and other parties as required by law and as necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of Briggs Stratton, its subsidiaries or affiliates, employees, customers and users.


IDENTIFIERS.


{number list}.


{list item} Distributor for Company products/services (Power Distributors for orders/transactions).


{list item} Dealers for product registration information.


{list item} Provided directly by the California consumer.


NON-PUBLIC EDUCATION INFORMATION, in the form of test scores for technicians on the online training modules and students of tech schools only.


{number list}.


{list item} Distributor for Company products/services (Power Distributors for orders/transactions).


{list item} Dealers for product registration information.


{list item} Course instructors.


INTERNET OR OTHER ELECTRONIC NETWORK ACTIVITY INFORMATION web pages visited; time on web page; buttons clicked.


{number list}.


{list item} Service Providers, including analytics providers and web hosting services.


GEOLOCATION DATA in the form of the GPS coordinates of an internet-connected Briggs Stratton product that allows location tracking.


{number list}.


{list item} Service Providers, including InfoHub support providers.


PROFESSIONAL OR EMPLOYMENT-RELATED INFORMATION of technicians to the technicians dealership or distributor and students of tech schools only.


{number list}.


{list item} Distributor for Company products/services (Power Distributors for orders/transactions).


{list item} Dealers for product registration information.


{list item} Course instructors.


PROFILE INFORMATION.


{number list}.


{list item} Service Provider, including web hosting providers.


COMMERCIAL INFORMATION.


{number list}.


{list item} Service Providers, including providers of marketing and analytics services.


FINANCIAL INFORMATION.


{number list}.


{list item} Service Providers, including payment card processing providers.


PRODUCT AND SERVICE USAGE INFORMATION (Technicians only).


{number list}.


{list item} Distributor for Company products/services (Power Distributors for orders/transactions).


{list item} Dealers for product registration information.


Disclosure of Personal Information for a Business or Commercial Purpose:


Briggs Stratton discloses all categories of personal information for business or commercial purposes. Disclosures are primarily to service providers, e. g., to provide services to customers, for administrative and technical support and for assistance with operational functions.


Sale of Personal Information:


In the last 12 months, Briggs Stratton has NOT sold California consumers personal information and Briggs Stratton will not sell California consumers personal information in the future.


C. Your California Privacy Rights and How To Exercise Them.


i. Your California Privacy Rights.


{number list}.


{list item} Right to Know: California consumers have the right to submit a verifiable request to know what personal information Briggs Stratton collects, uses, discloses, and sells.


{list item} Right To Delete: California consumers have the right to submit a verifiable request for deletion of their personal information that Briggs Stratton has collected or maintains.


{list item} Right to Opt Out of Sale: California consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of their personal information. California consumers under the age of 16 must opt in to the sale of their personal information, or their parent or guardian must opt in on their behalf. As noted above, Briggs Stratton did not sell California consumers personal information during the past 12 months.


ii. How to Exercise Your Rights.


Briggs Stratton will respond to requests in accordance with applicable law if it can verify the identity of the individual submitting the request. California consumers can exercise their rights to know and to delete in the following ways:


{number list}.


{list item} Web form is available {removed href} here.


{list item} Call toll free at 1-888-914-9661; then enter PIN 599 157.


iii. How We Will Verify Your Request:


The processes that we follow to verify your identity when you make a request to know or a request to delete are described below. The relevant process depends on how and why the request is submitted.


1. REQUESTS THROUGH YOUR PASSWORD-PROTECTED ACCOUNT:


If you created a password-protected account with us before the date of your request, we will rely on the fact that your request has been submitted through your account as verification of your identity. We will require that you re-authenticate yourself before we disclose your personal information in response to a request to know and before we delete your personal information in response to a request to delete.


You are responsible for protecting the security of your log-in credentials for your account. Please do not share your log-in credentials with anyone. If we suspect fraudulent or malicious activity on or from your account, we will not respond to a request to know or a request to delete until we have been able to confirm, through further verification procedures, that you made the request.


2. REQUESTS OTHER THAN THROUGH A PASSWORD-PROTECTED ACCOUNT:


If you submit a request by any means other than through a password-protected account that you created before the date of your request, the verification process that we follow will depend on the nature of your request as described below:


{bullet list}.


{list item} Requests To Know Categories Of Personal Information: We will match at least two data points that you provide with your request to know, or in response to our request for verification information, against information about you we already have in our records and that we have determined to be reliable for purposes of verifying your identity. Examples of relevant data points include your mobile phone number, your zip code or information about products or services that you have purchased from us.


{list item} Requests To Know Specific Pieces Of Personal Information: We will match at least three data points that you provide with your request to know, or in response to our request for verification information, against information that we already have about you in our records and that we have determined to be reliable for purposes of verifying your identity. In addition, we will require you to sign a declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the California consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request.


{list item} Requests To Delete Personal Information: Our process for verifying your identity will depend on the sensitivity (as determined by Briggs Stratton) of the personal information that you ask us to delete. For less sensitive personal information, we will require a match of two data points as described in Point No. 1, above. For more sensitive personal information, we will require a match of three data points and a signed declaration as described in Point No. 2, above.


We have implemented the following additional procedures when verifying the identity of requestors:


{bullet list}.


{list item} If we cannot verify your identity based on the processes described above, we may ask you for additional verification information. If we do so, we will permanently delete the verification information that you provide promptly after we have completed the verification process. We will not use that information for any purpose other than verification.


{list item} If we cannot verify your identity to a sufficient level of certainty to respond to your request, we will let you know promptly and explain why we cannot verify your identity.


iv. Authorized Agents.


You may designate an authorized agent to exercise your right to know or your right to delete by submitting to us a completed Authorized Agent Designation form. You can obtain the designation form by contacting us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


If an authorized agent submits a request to know or a request to delete on your behalf, the authorized agent must submit with the request either (a) a power of attorney that is valid under California law or (b) a document signed by you that authorizes the authorized agent to submit the request on your behalf. In addition, we may ask you to follow the applicable process described above for verifying your identity.


v. Briggs Strattons Non-Discrimination Policy.


California consumers have the right not to be subject to discriminatory treatment by Briggs Stratton for exercising their privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, and Briggs Stratton will not discriminate on that basis. However, Briggs Stratton may charge a California consumer a different price or rate or provide a different level or quality of goods or services if the difference is reasonably related to the value provided to the California consumer by the consumers personal information. If Briggs Stratton does so, it will provide consumers with any legally required notice.


vi. Right To Information About Disclosures Of Personal Information For Direct Marketing Purposes:


California residents who use this Site may request that we provide certain information regarding our disclosure of the users personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. You can make such a request by {removed href} email or by mail to:


Briggs Stratton, LLC Headquarters.


P. O. Box 702.


Milwaukee, WI, 53201.


Your Do Not Track Browser Setting.


The Site collects personal information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services. The Site does not permit third parties to collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different sites.


We support the Do Not Track (DNT) browser setting. DNT is a preference you can set in your browsers settings to let the websites you visit, including the Site, know that you do not want the sites collecting your personally identifiable information.


FOR LOCATIONS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES, PLEASE READ THE INFORMATION BELOW.


The personal information collected through the Site is downloaded to a server maintained by Briggs Stratton. Briggs Stratton is located at 12301 W. Wirth Street, Wauwatosa, Wisconsin 53222 in the United States. Briggs Stratton may use your personal information for the purposes described in the section above titled The Purposes For Which We Use The Personal Information We Collect and disclose it to third parties as described in the section above titled How We Share The Information We Collect.


Briggs Stratton will comply with requests to exercise individual data rights in accordance with applicable law. You can {removed href} contact us to request to exercise your data rights.


FOR THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, PLEASE READ THE INFORMATION BELOW.


Individuals in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (EU Individuals) are not required by statute or by contract to provide any personal information to the Site. Briggs Stratton will not use EU Individuals personal information submitted through the Site for automated decision-making, including profiling, that produces legal effects or similarly significantly affects the EU Individual.


Briggs Stratton transfers EU Individuals personal information collected through the Site to the United States in reliance on the users consent.


Before July 16, 2020, Briggs Stratton also relied on the EU-U. S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss- U. S. Privacy Shield Framework to provide adequate protection for personal data transferred from the European Union, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, respectively, to the United States. As of July 16, 2020, the EU-U. S. Privacy-Shield Framework has been invalidated as a result of the decision by the Court of Justice of the European Union in Schrems II. On September 8, 2020, Switzerlands Federal Data Protection Information Commencer announced that the Swiss-U. S. Privacy Shield Framework no longer provides an adequate level of protection for transfers of personal data from Switzerland to the United States.


Briggs Stratton will continues to comply with the EU-U. S. Privacy Shield Framework and the SwissU. S. Privacy Shield Framework, as set forth by the U. S. Department of Commerce, regarding the use and retention of personal data transferred from the European Union and the United Kingdom to Briggs Stratton in the United States before July 16, 2020, and before September 8, 2020, for transfers from Switzerland. For transfers of personal data after July 16, 2020, from the European Union and the United Kingdom, and after September 8, 2020, from Switzerland to Briggs Stratton in the United States, Briggs Stratton will rely on (a) a data transfer mechanism deemed adequate by the relevant data protection authority, or (b) an applicable derogation from the general prohibition on cross-border data transfers under the relevant data protection law, such as the consent of the data subject.


Briggs Stratton processes your personal information with your consent and as required by law. In addition, Briggs Stratton processes your personal information as necessary for the performance of the sales or service contract, for example, when processing your orders and payments and to take steps, at your request, before entering into a contract with you, for example, by providing you with quotes for products and services. Briggs Stratton also processes personal information as necessary for its legitimate interests including the following:


{number list}.


{list item} Internal administration of the website and related functions.


{list item} Network and information security.


{list item} Fraud prevention.


{list item} Reporting suspected criminal acts.


{list item} Compliance with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of Briggs Stratton, our users or others.


Please note that Briggs Stratton does not sell products or services through the Site to individuals located in European Economic Area, Switzerland or the United Kingdom. Therefore, the Site does not collect orders, credit card number and other payment information from EU Individuals.


EU Individuals have the right to access their personal information collected by the Site and to request that Briggs Stratton update, correct or delete their personal information on the Site as provided by applicable law. EU Individuals also have the right to object to, or restrict, Briggs Strattons processing of their personal information.


RIGHT TO OBJECT TO PROCESSING FOR DIRECT MARKETING OR LEGITIMATE INTERESTS:


EU Individuals have the right to object to the processing of their personal information for purposes of Briggs Strattons direct marketing or legitimate interests.


EU individuals also have the right to data portability concerning their personal information. Subject to certain limitations, the right to data portability allows EU Individuals to obtain from Briggs Stratton, or to ask Briggs Stratton to send to a third party, a digital copy of the personal information that they provided to the Site. EU Individuals right to access their personal information includes their right to receive a copy of all, or a portion, of their personal information in Briggs Strattons possession as long as Briggs Strattons providing the personal information would not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.


EU Individuals can exercise these rights by {removed href} contacting us. Briggs Stratton will respond to such requests in accordance with applicable data protection law. EU Individuals also have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection authority if they believe that their personal information has been processed in violation of applicable data protection law.


EU Individuals may use the contact information above, at any time, to withdraw their consent for the processing of their personal information where Briggs Stratton requires their consent as a legal basis for processing their personal information. Any withdrawal will apply only prospectively, and Briggs Stratton will continue to retain the information that EU Individuals provided before they withdrew their consent for as long as allowed or required by applicable law.


FOR AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND, PLEASE FIND THE REGION-SPECIFIC INFORMATION BELOW.


CROSS-BORDER DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.


Briggs Stratton transfers personal information collected through the Site to the United States. Briggs Stratton may be considered a vendor in trade in certain jurisdictions or under certain applicable laws.


Briggs Stratton will take commercially reasonable steps to ensure that any recipient outside of Australia does not breach the Australian Privacy Principles (other than Australian Privacy Principle 1), contained in the Privacy Act 1988, or the Privacy Act of 1993 of New Zealand, in relation to the personal information. To Briggs Strattons knowledge, the collection of personal information described in this Privacy Policy is permitted by applicable laws. You are not required to provide Briggs Stratton personal information, but in the event you decline to do so, in certain circumstance Briggs Stratton may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. For example, certain Apps, accounts, services or products are not available to individuals that do not provide certain personal information to us.


DIRECT MARKETING.


You may request not to receive direct marketing communications from Briggs Stratton. You can do this by contacting us.


YOUR RIGHTS AND COMPLAINTS.


You may obtain confirmation as to whether Briggs Stratton holds any personal information about you and have access to such personal information, in accordance with applicable Australian and New Zealand laws. We will not charge you a fee for your access request, but we may recover from you our reasonable costs of supplying you with access to this information.


Briggs Stratton tries to verify that the personal information we hold about you is accurate, complete, up-to-date, relevant and not misleading, and we take reasonable steps to make such verification prior to using such personal information. If you believe that personal information Briggs Stratton holds about you is not accurate, complete or up-to-date, or is misleading, you may request to correct the personal information.


If there is some reason we cant provide you with access or correct the information, we will give you reasons for the refusal. If we do not or cannot correct information which you claim is incorrect, we will make reasonable efforts to attach a statement to that information showing that a correction was sought.


Briggs Stratton makes a reasonable effort to not keep the personal information of Australian and New Zealand residents longer than is necessary for the purpose for which it may lawfully be used.


If you have a complaint about privacy at Briggs Stratton, you may make a complaint to us by contacting us via our address or contact details set out below. Please clearly describe your concerns and include your preferred contact details. We will aim to respond as soon as we can. If you are not satisfied with our response, you may also contact a regulator such as the Australian Information Commissioner. As at the date of this Privacy Policy, the contact details are:


OFFICE OF THE AUSTRALIAN INFORMATION COMMISSIONER:


Mail: GPO Box 5218.


Sydney NSW 2001.


Phone: 1300 363 992.


Email: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Online: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


IN NEW ZEALAND, YOU MAY CONTACT THE PRIVACY COMMISSIONER AS FOLLOWS:


Mail: PO Box 10 094.


The Terrace.


Wellington 6143.


Phone: 0800 803 909.


Fax: (04) 474 7595.


Email: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Online: {removed href} {removed hyperref}/


8. Questions and Updates.


Have Questions?


If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, well do our best to answer them. Heres how to contact us:


Online: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Mailing Address:


Briggs Stratton, LLC.


12301 W. Wirth Street.


Wauwatosa, WI, 53222.


Privacy Policy Updates.


If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page and update the Privacy Policy modification date above. If we materially change this Privacy Policy in a way that affects how we use or disclose your personal information, we will notify you by prominently posting a notice of such changes before making them and by stating the effective date of the changes.


Email Newsletter Sign Up.


SIGN UP.


Sign-up not successful. Please refresh and try again.


Thank you for signing up.


Olark launch button clip pathEnvelope Iconenvelope to indicate the site is offlineSend us a message!


Privacy Preference Center.


When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to {removed hyperref} All.


Manage Consent Preferences.


Social Media Cookies.


These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.


Targeting Cookies.


These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.


Always Active Strictly Necessary Cookies.


These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.


Performance Cookies.


These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.


Functional Cookies.


These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.


Confirm My Choices Confirm My Choices.


