


Privacy policy.


PRIVACY POLICY.


This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for {removed hyperref}. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site.


INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE, AND SHARING.


We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.


We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e. g. to ship an order.


Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.


YOUR ACCESS TO AND CONTROL OVER INFORMATION.


You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:


{number list}.


{list item} See what data we have about you, if any.


{list item} Change/correct any data we have about you.


{list item} Have us delete any data we have about you.


{list item} Express any concern you have about our use of your data.


ORDERS.


We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, well use this information to contact you.


SHARING.


We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.


SECURITY.


We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.


Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for https at the beginning of the address of the web page.


While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.


LINKS.


This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.


UPDATES.


Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.


IF YOU FEEL THAT WE ARE NOT ABIDING BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU SHOULD CONTACT US IMMEDIATELY VIA TELEPHONE AT 408-8586826 OR VIA {removed hyperref}.


EDO Tech Supply does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others.


