


Who We Are.


Our website address is {removed hyperref}.


How Your Data is Collected.


GOOGLE ANALYTICS.


This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis tool by Google Inc. (Google) that allows us to optimize our website to your needs. Google Analytics uses cookies that can track your preferences when you visit our website. This provides functions such as facilitating navigation and allows us to make our services even more user-friendly. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. THE INFORMATION GENERATED FOR THIS PURPOSE (INCLUDING THE IP ADDRESS) IS ANONYMIZED BY DEFAULT SO THAT IT CANNOT BE USED TO IDENTIFY YOU. The data is only analyzed for reports after anonymization. The information generated by these cookies is generally transmitted to and stored on a Google server in the United States. As a user of our services, you may opt-out of the use of cookies by changing your browser settings at any time.


You can prevent the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) from being collected and processed by Google by downloading and installing a browser plug-in (IP anonymization). However, Google first truncates your IP address within Member States of the European Union or other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The current link is:


{removed href} {removed hyperref}? hlde.


More information on usage conditions and data protection in Google Analytics can be found here:


{removed href} {removed hyperref}. html.


For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: {removed href} {removed hyperref}/


MAIL CHIMP.


This website uses Mailchimp (The Rocket Science Group, LLC) to manage email subscriber lists for our extended warranty and to send emails to our subscribers. {removed href} Read their privacy policy.


We will not share your personal information with any other third-party unless we have your permission or the law requires us to.


