


{removed href} Skip to content.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} {removed href} Privacy Policy.


Privacy Policy.


Effective date: October 29th, 2020.


Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time. BY USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE.


Your privacy is important to MTM. Weve developed this Privacy Policy.


This Policy describes:


{number list}.


{list item} Information we collect and why we collect.


{list item} How We Use Your Information.


{list item} How We Use Cookies and Other Technologies.


{list item} Third Party Analytics Service.


{list item} Links to Third-Party Websites, Products, and Services.


{list item} Changes and Updates on This Policy.


{list item} Contact Us.


{removed hyperref} WE COLLECT AND WHY WE COLLECT IT.


MTM collects certain information to enable you to take full advantage of our offerings when you register at our Site, communicate with customer service representatives, participate in our contests, surveys, promotions, or activities, or otherwise communicate with us. If you choose, you can visit the Site without providing us with any information about yourself.


We seek to limit the collection and use of customer information required to deliver service to our customers, which includes advising our customers about our products, services and other opportunities, and to administer our business.


Non-personally Identifiable Information We Collect Automatically.


As is true with most websites, we collect certain non-personally identifiable information automatically as you use our Site, such as:


IP address.


Browser type.


Computer or device type.


Unique device identifiers for mobile devices or tablets.


Operating system version.


The website from where you navigated to our Site.


Time and date of using, accessing, or otherwise interacting with our Site.


The pages on our Site that you view.


The name of your Internet service provider (ISP).


2. HOW WE USE THE PERSONAL INFORMATION.


The purpose of collecting personal information is to provide you with products and/or services, and to ensure that we comply with applicable laws, regulations and other regulatory requirements. This involves:


Creating and maintaining your MTM Account: Personal information collected when you create a MTM Account on our websites, is used to create the personal MTM Account and profile page for you.


To send periodic emails: The email address you provide for your Account may be used to send you information and updates, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related Product or Services information, including sending you updates to our terms and policies and other important messages from time to time. We may also send you marketing and promotional communications we believe might be relevant to your interests. If you no longer wish to receive certain types of promotional materials, you may opt-out by the method provided in the message (such as the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the message) unless otherwise specified under applicable laws.


Our service: We operate and provide services, including providing customer support and improving, repairing, and customizing the Services. We use your information to understand how people use and to evaluate and improve the Services. Furthermore, we use your information to research, develop, and test new services, Products, and features, as well as perform troubleshooting activities. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us. We use cookies to operate, provide, improve, understand, and customize the Services.


Security and privacy: We use your information to verify Account details and activity. We also use your information to promote the security and privacy of the Services, such as investigating suspicious activities or violations of our terms.


Advertising and business information: We may show advertisements to you and others for our Products and third-party products based on the information we have collected from you, such as: what you have installed, accessed, used, and purchased.


Accessing Third-Party Accounts: We use your information, including Third-Party Account information, to permit your Products and the Services to access Third-Party Accounts. These Third-Party Accounts may allow you to share personal information through our Services, such as Facebook posts or pictures. Because this kind of information can be public, you should exercise care in what you choose to submit to Third-Party Accounts. Please adjust your Third-Party Account privacy settings appropriately.


Process pursuant to laws and regulations, e. g. tax, authority requests.


3. HOW WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES.


We analyze log file information and other data collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technology, to collect related data when you visit our Site or use our Products and Services, including information about your browsers or devices such as your IP address and language preferences, and actions you take such as what sites you visit, how and how often you use one of our applications and certain features. These technologies help us authenticate users, better understand user behavior, tell us which parts of our service people have used, and measure the effectiveness of advertisements.


In some of our email messages, we use a click-through URL linked to content on the Site. We track this click-through data to help us measure the effectiveness of our customer communications.


4. THIRD PARTY ANALYTICS SERVICE.


We use third-party analytics tool -- Google Analytics to assist us with analyzing and improving our service. Google provides some additional privacy options to protect businesss data. {removed href} Click here to learn more. Weve read and accept updated terms and contractual protections Google made to analytics tool weve used.


To prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on by {removed href} clicking here.


5. LINKS TO OTHER SITES OR HAVE THIRD PARTY SERVICES ON OUR SITE.


We may link to other sites or have third party services on our site that we dont control. If you click on a link to a third party site, you will be taken to websites we do not control. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of that website. Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for these third party sites.


6. CHANGES AND UPDATES ON THIS POLICY.


Please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes to this Policy, which we may update from time to time. Your continued use of MTM Products and Services after the revised Policy has become effective indicates that you have read, understood and agreed to the current version of this Policy.


7. CONTACT US.


For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by email at {removed hyperref}.


{removed href}.


