


Welcome smarteyegroup IP cameras, Cloud IP camera, plug and play IP camera, wireless ip cameras, network cameras.


Privacy Policy.


Last updated: October 2018, 11, 3.


When we receive personal information about you, it is our goal for you to trust us to treat your personal information in a transparent and secure way. It is therefore important for us that you take the time to read this Privacy Policy, which will inform you about our handling of your personal information.


{bullet list}.


{list item} COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION.


Information provided when installing and using iSmartviewPro products and apps are exclusively stored locally by the individual user. We do not have any access to collect and use this information. We do only collect and process the necessary information about you.


PERSONAL INFORMATION:


Personal data are all data that can be used to identify persons, including but not limited to, first, middle and last name, age, sex, position, private address or other physical address, email address or other contact information, whether they concern private residence or workplace.


When you use our services, for example, by submitting support requests and subscribing to newsletters, you can provide personal information to us. We use and process personal information in various ways, for example to provide service and improvements, including the following:


{number list}.


{list item} We use the information collected to service, maintain, improve and deliver all features of our services. To provide requested services and information, to respond to comments, questions and provide support for users.


{list item} We may use your email address or other information to contact you for administrative purposes such as customer service or communications, including updates, promotions, news and events regarding products and services offered by us and third parties we cooperate with. You have the option to opt out of receiving communication as described below under Your Rights.


{list item} We may also use personal information for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis and surveys, to improve iSmartviewPro applications, services, and customer communications.


{list item} Location information: When you use programme services or functions based on location information, we will collect the network information of your phone connection, for example, to identify your phone is connected to 2. 4Ghz WiFi and 5Ghz WiFi information.


{list item} Log information: When you visit to our server, our server will automatically record some log information. Such log information of server may contain following information: IP address, Device ID information, date/time identification and clickstream data.


{list item} Information Collected by Cookies and Other Technologies: website, online service, emails and advertisements may use cookies and other techniques such as program language tags and page headers to collect and store your information.


SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION:


Sensitive information includes information on racial or ethnic origin, political, religious or philosophical beliefs as well as the treatment of genetic and biometric data for the purpose of identifying a natural person and health information unambiguously. We do not collect and process sensitive personal information.


NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION:


We may collect data in a form that does not in itself allow direct association with a particular individual. We may collect, use, transfer and disclose non-personal information for any purpose.


For example, we can collect information about customer activities on our website and from our other products and services, as well as details on how you use our services, including searches. This information helps us provide useful information to our customers and to get an overview of which parts of our website, products and services are most interesting, as well as to improve our services.


{bullet list}.


{list item} DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION.


Except as described in this policy, we will not disclose your information to third parties without your consent. We may disclose information to third parties if you grant us permission and in the following cases:


{number list}.


{list item} We work with third party service providers providing website, application development, hosting, maintenance, payment processing and other services to us. These third parties may access or process your information as part of providing these services to us. In general, we limit the information provided to these service providers to what is reasonable and necessary to perform the work and we require that they agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information.


{list item} We may disclose your information if required by law or in good faith that such action is required to comply with state and federal laws in response to court orders, judicial or other public prosecutions, arrest warrant or cooperation with law enforcement agencies or other government agencies.


{list item} We also reserve the right to disclose information that we believe is appropriate or necessary in order to take account of liability, protection of us or others against fraud, abuse, and illegal use or activity. To investigate and defend us against any third partys charges or the protection of the services security, integrity and any facilities or equipment used to render the service available or to protect our property or other legal rights (including but not limited to the enforcement of our agreements) or rights, property and safety of others.


{list item} Information about our users, including personal information, may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to an acquirer, successor or acquirer in the context of merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets or similar transactions, and in case of insolvency, bankruptcy or remittance, where information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.


{bullet list}.


{list item} YOUR RIGHTS.


If you want to know about the information we have collected about you, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. Note that while any changes you make will be reflected in active user databases immediately or within a reasonable period of time, we may retain all information you send for backup, archiving, fraud prevention, and abuse, analysis, compliance with statutory obligations or where we otherwise within reasonable limits believe we have a legitimate reason to do so.


If you receive marketing email from us, you can opt out of this at any time by following the instructions given in the email, by sending an email request at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. or by writing to us at the address indicated at the end of this policy.


You will still be able to receive administrative messages from us even after you do not receive commercial inquiries from us.


If you want us to completely delete all collected data, this is also possible in accordance to the EU Data Regulations Right to be forgotten. If all data is deleted you will not be able to receive any information from us, either commercial or administrative.


{bullet list}.


{list item} THIRD PARTY SERVICES.


Our services may contain features or links to websites and services provided by third parties. Any information you provide on third party websites or services is provided directly to the operators of such services and is subject to these operators policies and, in case, also to regulatory policies, even though they have been accessed through the iSmartviewPro service. We are not responsible for the content or confidentiality, security practices, and policies for third party websites or services that are linked or accessed through the Service. We encourage you to review third party privacy and security policies before providing them any information.


{bullet list}.


{list item} DATA SECURITY.


We use physical, managerial and technical security measures designed to ensure and improve the integrity and security of the personal data we collect and maintain. When your personal data is stored by iSmartviewPro, we use computer systems with limited access and facilities with physical security measures. However, we cannot guarantee the security of the information you send to us or submit on the services, this is at your own risk. Nor can we guarantee that such information is unavailable, revealed, altered or destroyed in breach of our physical, technical or managerial precautions.


We take security breaches and data leakage very seriously. In case of suspicion of data leakage, a number of initiatives are being launched to secure our customers and users the best possible. This includes, among other things, coverage of the potential damage, communication to potentially affected customers and users, notification to the Data Inspectorate, and actions that will attempt to address the extent of the damage. If you suspect your data may be leaked, please contact us at any time.


When you use, share and post on iSmartviewPro applications or social networks, the personal information and content you share will be visible to other users and may be read, collected or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to share or submit in these cases. For example, if you enter your name and email address in a forum post, this information is public. Please use these features with caution.


{bullet list}.


{list item} CHANGES AND UPDATES FOR THIS POLICY.


It may be necessary to update and change this policy continuously, therefore we recommend you to visit this page on a regular basis. In the event of significant changes, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the change. For example, we may send a message to your email address if we have this in our system, or generate a popup or similar message that appears when you access the services. Your continued use of the Services after the revised policy has entered into force indicates that you have read, understood and accepted the current version of the policy.


{bullet list}.


{list item} OUR CONTACT INFORMATION.


Please contact us regarding any questions or comments about this policy, your personal information, our usage and information practices or your consent choices via email at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{removed href} Vers: 001.


