


{removed href} Home {removed href} Where to Buy {removed href} Contact PRIVACY POLICY.


This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for MiLocks This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following: What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information. Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.


We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e. g. to ship an order.


Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.


Your Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:


See what data we have about you, if any.


Change/correct any data we have about you.


Have us delete any data we have about you.


Express any concern you have about our use of your data.


Security.


We offer a third-party payment solution via Paypal. Paypal is one of the most popular and safe ways to transfer money online.


Updates.


Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.


If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via email at {removed hyperref}.


Orders:


We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, well use this information to contact you.


Cookies:


We use cookies on this site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitors hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.


Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, Paypal). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.


Sharing:


We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.


And/or:


We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.


And/or:


We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.


Links:


This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.


