


{removed href} Skip to content.


Privacy Policy.


La Crosse Technology Ltd. (La Crosse) is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information. This Privacy Policy was created to ensure the confidence of visitors (you or your) to the {removed hyperref} website (the Site) and to the La Crosse Viewtrade; App (iOS / Android) (the Apps). This Privacy Policy also demonstrates our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of your privacy.


TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED.


{number list}.


{list item} PERSONAL INFORMATION: If you register to use this Site or Apps, you will be requested to share personal information such as your name, company name, postal address, e-mail address, phone number, zip codes, and other personal information (Personal Information) in order to subscribe to, access and use this Site or these Apps and receive information. Our credit card processor will also request a credit card number from you for payment for products purchased on this Site or these Apps. Our credit card processor shall be solely responsible for collecting and processing your credit card number. La Crosse does not collect, store, or process any credit card {removed hyperref} you communicate with us by email or complete online forms, we will require Personal Information that personally identifies you. La Crosse will also request your email address, mailing address, and phone number to: (i) have someone contact you for additional information; or (ii) in response to your request for information from {removed hyperref} the exception of your primary email address, Personal Information can be updated at any time through your User Dashboard. If you need to amend your email address, you will need to create a new user account because each email identification serves as the unique identifier for that user.


{list item} INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN: La Crosse does not knowingly solicit or collect information from persons under 13 years of age (children). While there is no age limit to use the Site or the Apps, we ask that children not submit information to us without the consent of a parent or guardian. When we e-mail information to you, we will provide instructions that show you how to unsubscribe from receiving further e-mails. If your child requests to receive information from La Crosse without your knowledge, follow the instructions in our e-mail to cancel the request immediately. Parents can also contact La Crosse to access, change, or delete any personal information submitted by their child.


{list item} OTHER INFORMATION: COOKIES: La Crosse may collect information about you and your use of the Site or these Apps whenever you visit this Site or these Apps. This data helps us analyze and improve the usefulness of the information we provide at the Site or the Apps and the performance of the Site or the Apps. For example, we may collect various forms of information such as entry and exit points for the Site (i. e., referring URLs or domains) or the Apps, site traffic statistics, and operating system and browser type (collectively Traffic Data). Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on the Site or the Apps.


In addition, when you request pages on our Site or on the Apps, our servers may automatically log your IP address. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web. La Crosse may store some information on your computer in the form of a cookie or similar file to help us maintain and improve this Site or the Apps in many ways.


A cookie is a small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a Web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to {removed hyperref} functions as your identification card, recording such things as Internet addresses, passwords, and preferences. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. With most Internet browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Please refer to your browser instructions to learn more about these functions. Enabling cookies allows you to take full advantage of the features on the La Crosse Site and we recommend that you leave them turned on. If you elect to block the cookies, we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience on our Site.


USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED.


La Crosse may use Personal Information to contact you when necessary. We use your e-mail address only to the extent necessary send alerts and to follow up on specific questions requiring information from us. Visitors that give us their telephone numbers online will only receive telephone contact from us to send text message alerts or to respond to information requests. We may use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and apps and to share with service providers.


SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION La Crosse will not sell, rent, share, monitor, edit, or disclose any Personal Information, including its contents or your use of this Site or these Apps, without your prior consent. However, La Crosse may share your Personal Information for the following limited purposes:


{number list}.


{list item} THIRD PARTIES: La Crosse may share Personal Information with La Crosse business partners, service providers, or other La Crosse distributors in order to provide requested services, follow-up with you regarding opportunities, or additional requested information. La Crosse may also share Personal Information with other companies and individuals to perform functions such as sending postal mail, e-mail, and text messages, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, and providing marketing assistance.


{list item} LEGAL OBLIGATIONS: La Crosse may share your Personal Information if we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) comply with the legal process or other legal requirements of any governmental authority; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of La Crosse; (3) enforce this Agreement; (4) protect the interests of other users of the Site or the Apps or any other person; or (5) operate or conduct maintenance and repair of the Site, the Apps or equipment.


PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the Personal Information that we collect.


USER CHOICE REGARDING COLLECTION, USE, AND DISTRIBUTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION You may choose not to provide La Crosse with any Personal {removed hyperref} such an event, you can still access and use this Site or these Apps, but may not be able to participate in some of the Sites or the Apps capabilities or services.


LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES The Site may contain links to other {removed hyperref} Crosse is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We have no control over the use of such websites and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any Personal Information on or to the owners of these websites.


CHANGES, UPDATES, AND MODIFICATIONS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY La Crosse reserves the right, at any time and without notice, to change, update, or modify this Privacy Policy, by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site or the Apps. Any change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site or the Apps. Changes, updates, and modifications to the Privacy Policy will continue to govern your use of the La Crosse Site or Apps even if you do not receive notice of the change, update, or modification.


HOW TO CONTACT US: Should you have other questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please email us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Previous Next.


