


Browse Close menu.


Privacy Policy.


OUTDOOR TECHS PRIVACY POLICY.


This privacy policy sets out how {removed hyperref} uses and protects the personal information you provide on the Outdoor Tech website (hereinafter, the Website or Website).


Outdoor Tech maintains an ongoing commitment to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Accordingly, any personally identifiable information provided by you to us when you use this website shall be used in accordance with the conditions outlined in this agreement.


Outdoor Tech may change this policy periodically by updating this website. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with the terms of this agreement.


THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT.


This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Website. While using the Outdoor Tech family of Websites, you may have the opportunity to register for services, order products, make requests, and post content. Accordingly, depending on the process, you may be asked to provide the following types of Personally Identifiable Information:


{number list}.


{list item} Name.


{list item} Postal Address.


{list item} Email address.


{list item} Phone number.


{list item} Credit or Debit Card Information.


{list item} Age.


{list item} Gender or other demographic information.


{list item} Location information.


We may also retain the details of purchases and other transactions or payments made with us or with some of our business partners affiliated with our Website. However, we agree that we will only keep your payment source account number if we first obtain your consent.


USE OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.


Outdoor Tech takes your privacy very seriously. Accordingly, we agree that we will only use the information you provide for the following specific purposes: to effectuate a registration made by you; to customize the advertising and content you see; to mail or email you special offers; to fulfill your requests for products and services (including purchases); to improve the content and overall look and feel of our Website and services; and to contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients, when necessary.


We agree that we will not share, sell, rent or otherwise distribute your Personally Identifiable Information with outside parties, except to provide products or services youve requested through us, or in response to a validly-issued subpoena, court order, or other legal process, or when necessary to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims made by you or on your behalf.


From time to time, we may employ the use of your email addresses to answer the email we receive from you, to provide you with important notices and provide offers from Outdoor Tech. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.


Finally, we agree that we will never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us by you in any way that violates or is otherwise unrelated to the means described in this agreement, without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.


REGISTRATION.


In order to use some features of the Website, you must first complete the registration process. During registration, you are required to provide certain Personally Identifiable Information, including, but not limited to the information described above (see: The Information We Collect). This information will periodically be used by us to contact you about site news, updates and changes to this policy, and to enable you to retrieve your password, if necessary.


CORRECTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.


So that we may best serve you, you are responsible for ensuring that all Personally Identifiable Information you provide on this site is maintained and kept current.


COOKIES.


Outdoor Tech may use cookies to remember certain user information. This allows users of the Website to avoid logging in more than once, thereby saving time. You may, at any time, disable or refuse to accept cookies by changing the preferences or settings on your web browser. If you choose to disable cookies, you will still be able to use our Website. However, you will not be able to fully take advantage of certain automation and other functionality features available on this Website.


Please note: No personally identifiable information is collected with the cookies that we set. Accepting cookies while on the Website will not put the user at risk for marketing to other sites.


WEB STATISTICS SHARED DATA.


We collect and use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement, and gather broad aggregate demographic information for reporting and sponsorship purposes. IP addresses are not linked to Personally Identifiable Information.


From time to time, we may use non-identifiable aggregate information to better design our Website and to share with select advertising partners, sponsors, and/or affiliates. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our Website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to personally identify those individuals.


DATA SECURITY.


To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have established appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.


APPS.


Your data will be kept securely and never be sold to a third party. However, we will make your data searchable in a directory based system so that other members may find you and invite you into their chat groups. In order to identify your user name, an individual will need to already know your information and input it as an exact match into our database. Once an exact match of a name, username, phone number or email is made based upon the user input, that user will then be able to send you an invitation to be part of their chat group.


