


{removed href} Skip to main content Language English Svenska.


Privacy Center.


We value your privacy and trust. Here youll find information about our work on privacy and data protection, including how we collect and use your personal data.


Our approach to data protection and privacy.


ASSA ABLOY is committed to operating in compliance with data laws globally across its various divisions. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) requires us to meet principles of fairness, accountability and transparency in handling personal data. {removed href} Read more.


{removed href} Privacy notice {removed href} Code of Conduct - Privacy notice {removed href} Privacy notice - social media {removed href} Privacy notice - Subject Access Request.


Privacy Preference Center.


When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. {removed href} More information Allow All.


Manage Consent Preferences.


Always Active.


These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.


Social Media Cookies.


These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.


Functional Cookies.


These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.


Performance Cookies.


These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.


Marketing Cookies.


These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.


Confirm My Choices.


{number list}.


{list item}.


{number list}.


{list item} Namecookie nameHostcookie hostDurationcookie durationTypecookie typeCategorycookie categoryDescriptioncookie category.


{list item}.


Consent Purposes.


Location Based Ads.


Consent Allowed.


Legitimate Interest Purposes.


Personalize.


{removed href} Require Opt-Out.


Special Purposes.


Location Based Ads.


Features.


Location Based Ads.


Special Features.


Location Based Ads.


Confirm My Choices.


