


Privacy Policy - MAGIC Electric, Plumbing, Heating Air Knowledgeable Pros Transparent Pricing Fast Turnarounds Schedule Now.


{removed href} Home Privacy Policy.


Privacy Policy.


MAGIC Electric, Plumbing, Heating Air understands your concerns about privacy and security when using the Internet, and we are committed to protecting the privacy of our valued customers. MAGIC Electric, Plumbing, Heating Air does not sell, rent or exchange any information collected via the Internet. MAGIC Electric, Plumbing, Heating Air keeps all collected information confidential. We have implemented security policies and technical measures to protect your personal data from improper use or unauthorized access.


In order to fulfill your requests for our services and products, it is necessary to obtain your name, address, and phone number information. We use the information you provide to schedule the services and deliver the products you request. We may also use the information to contact you about our products, services, and events, to notify you about special offers or promotions, or to respond to your request for information from MAGIC Electric, Plumbing, Heating Air.


MAGIC Electric, Plumbing, Heating Air collects information as described to ensure personalized service to our customers. By using MAGIC Electric, Plumbing, Heating Air you consent to the collection and use of data for this purpose. Any changes to this policy will be posted on the Web site.


Its Easy to Work With Us!


Working with our courteous professionals means you always know exactly what to expect. Enjoy hassle-free scheduling, upfront pricing, and expert workmanship on every call.


1. Schedule an Appointment.


Give our customer care team a call to let us know what kind of issue you are experiencing so we can send the best technician to solve your problem.


2. Experience Amazing Service.


Well dispatch a licensed technician at a time that works best for YOU and get the job done as quickly and efficiently as possible. No more waiting around due to inconvenient appointment windows.


3. Get Back to Your Life.


Your time is valuable and we wont waste a minute of it so you can get back to doing what you love and stop worrying about things like that tripping breaker.


Upfront Pricing.


Dont be fooled by hidden fees and charges! At MAGIC Electric, Plumbing, Heating Air, we discuss pricing before any work is started so you know exactly what youre getting. What you see is what you get- not a penny more.


Hassle-Free Scheduling.


You have a busy life and cant afford any more distractions. We want to help you get back to the things you enjoy in life faster. Thats why we make scheduling service with us easy and convenient!


Award-Winning Service.


What sets us apart? We always make your needs a priority. Our exceptional customer service has earned us numerous awards including Top Rated Local Business 2019, Magic Valley Readers Choice Gold Award for Best Electrician, and Home Advisors Elite Service Pro award.


Schedule Service.


Contact Us - Twin Falls Name * Phone * Email * City * How Can We Help You? * reCAPTCHA If you are human, leave this field blank.


{removed href} 2021 MAGIC Electric, Plumbing, Heating Air - All Rights Reserved CLOSE COVID-19.


Amid global concern about COVID-19, we are still here to help you.


As people and companies all across Idaho take additional precautions to protect against the Coronavirus (COVID-19), we acknowledge that your home problems will likely not be taking a break. At this time, we remain open and will continue to service our customers with the same fast response times youve come to expect from us.


Due to the increasing number of reported cases in the U. S., we are continuously monitoring the situation. We are adhering to the Idaho Department of Health guidelines, and will continue to take steps to protect the health and safety of our customers, employees, and their families. We hope that you will join us in taking some basic but important measures, such as social distancing, frequent hand washing, and staying home if experiencing any symptoms of fever or cough, to keep communal risk low.


If youd like to know more about the specific steps were taking to protect our customers and employees, please feel free to reach out to our office for details.


CLOSE.


