


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} PRIVACY POLICY.


{removed href}.


1. 1 This Privacy Policy (Policy) applies to the processing of personal information collected from users of our websites (you) or that you provide to us, Stearn Electric Company Ltd. T/A Beam Group.


1. 2 For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016 (the GDPR, as may be amended from time to time) Stearn Electric Company Ltd. T/A Beam Group is a Data Controller. In this Policy references to we, us or our refer to Stearn Electric Company Ltd. T/A Beam Group.


1. 3 Our Company is incorporated in England with company number 0201097 and a registered office at Votec House, Hambridge Lane, Newbury, Berkshire, RG14 5TN.


1. 4 We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. The purpose of this Policy to explain how we collect, use and secure personal information collected on our network of websites or directly supplied by you.


2. 1 PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION (PII) means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, including an individuals name, contact information, professional title, and employer. For the purposes of the GDPR, an individuals internet protocol address (IP address) may be considered PII.


2. 2 TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES means cookies, web beacons, serving tracking technologies or other technology solutions performing similar functions. These technologies may include first party cookies (cookies referencing the domain of the website being visited) and third-party cookies (cookies referencing a domain other than the one of the website being visited) those placed by a website other than the one being visited), local shared objects (commonly referred to as Flash Cookies), HTML 5 Cookies and tracking pixels (including transparent or clear gifs).


2. 3 USER or YOU mean any individual who views or interacts with the Websites, whether or not they are a Customer or a Potential Customer.


3. 1 PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION (PII).


We collect and process PII limited to information necessary to achieve one or more legitimate business purpose as described in this Policy. PII may include:


{number list}.


{list item} Basic information such as your name, address, telephone number or email address.


{list item} Information that you provide by filling in forms on any of our websites in our network (our sites). We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our sites.


{list item} Records of any correspondence in the event that you contact us.


{list item} Details of your visits to our sites and the resources you access.


Except where you provide your PII to us in accordance with the above, we will not collect or store it without first asking you for it.


3. 2 INFORMATION THAT WE ACQUIRE INDIRECTLY.


{number list}.


{list item} We may collect information about your device including, where available, your IP address, operating system and browser type.


{list item} Analytical, Behavioural, and Log Data. We may gather certain information about your use of our sites, such as information about your visit and interaction with our Content.


3. 3 COOKIES.


One of the ways in which we collect this information is through Tracking Technologies such as cookies. Cookies are small text files containing information that is stored on your device. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us to:


{number list}.


{list item} Estimate our audience size and usage pattern.


{list item} Store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual interests.


{list item} Speed up your searches.


{list item} Recognise you when you return to our site.


We will seek your consent to use cookies the first time you visit our site (or on subsequent occasions if the cookie that records such acceptance is deleted). However, you may not be able to use all the interactive features of our site if consent is not given.


The cookies used by our site and their purpose are identified and described below:


COOKIE NAME.


DESCRIPTION.


EXPIRY.


ga.


A Google Analytics Tracking Cookie used to distinguish between users.


2 years.


gat.


A Google Analytics Tracking Cookie used to throttle request rates.


24 hours.


gid.


A Google Analytics Tracking Cookie used to distinguish between users.


1 minute.


MUIDB.


A Bing cookie to help determine the performance of Bing advertising campaigns.


2 weeks.


usertype.


A cookie to determine log-in status.


Per session.


cfduid.


Part of the Sucuri security suite used to protect the site. This cookie authorises you as a genuine user of the site.


Per session.


BVImplmainsite.


Used to build an advertising profile of users on the site.


2 weeks.


Most web browsers allow users to exercise control over which cookies are processed through adjustments to the settings built into them. For information on changing these settings, please look for a help function in the browser or contact the browser provider. However, you may not be able to use all the interactive features of our site if cookies are disabled.


3. 4 OTHER INFORMATION.


Our site may from time to time contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal information to these websites.


4. 1 We use the information that we collect about you to:


{number list}.


{list item} Provide you with products, services, publications, and information that you request, access, or which may be of interest to you.


{list item} Deliver or display content that matches your business interests and responsibilities.


{list item} Contact you with information about, and invitations for, products and services from us directed to your business interests and responsibilities.


{list item} Process your online order information, including order details, payment method and delivery address information.


4. 2 We may analyse information collected from you indirectly to:


{number list}.


{list item} Help us recognise your computer as a previous visitor and save/remember any preferences that you may have while you were visiting one of our sites.


{list item} Help us improve our content and our sites.


{list item} Identify trends, statistics and measurements that could contribute to the enhancement of our services.


{list item} Identify market sensitivities and relative market interest in specific product categories. We may also use the information that we collect to send you satisfaction questionnaires, surveys, and marketing information.


We collect information about you in order to improve our business relationship with you and to offer you opportunities to obtain our products and services relevant to your business interests. Collecting this information helps us tailor our products and services to you and therefore communicate with you more effectively. We are aware that many of our Customers make use of a range of media channels so we may also provide a mechanism through which you can express preferences about how you want us to communicate with you. Finally, collecting your information makes it possible to operate our business more effectively.


6. 1 Depending on the nature of the relationship and the purpose in each case, we rely upon consent, contract and legitimate business interests for processing PII. For example, we may process PII with a Users consent when they agree that we may place cookies on their devices, or that we can process information that they enter into a form on one of our sites.


6. 2 It is in our interest as a business to enhance the services that we provide which may include processing your information to enable us to:


{number list}.


{list item} Respond to User enquiries and to fulfil User requests.


{list item} Send Customers or Potential Customers relevant marketing information and offers.


{list item} Complete transactions.


{list item} Provide customer service.


{list item} Send administrative information.


{list item} Personalise Users experiences with the our sites.


{list item} Do so where we are required to by law.


6. 3 We may also process PII when it is in our or a Users legitimate interests to do so and when these interests are not overridden by an individuals data protection rights. These legitimate interests include providing services to enable us to provide Users of our sites with more relevant content.


7. 1 We may disclose your PII to any company in our group, which means our subsidiaries or our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in Section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006 (as amended).


7. 2 As the official distributor, your personal information will also be shared with Bissell International Trading Company B. V.


7. 3 We only share your PII with third parties:


{number list}.


{list item} If we are under a duty to disclose or share your PII in order to comply with any contract or legal obligation.


{list item} When they are hired by us or hired on our behalf, including our carries, digital agencies, customer service agencies, marketing agencies and Google Analytics who we use to gather statistics on portions of our site. These companies our suppliers are contractually bound to use personal information we share with them only to perform the services we have hired them to provide.


{list item} To protect the rights, property or safety of Stearn Electric Company Ltd. T/A Beam Group, our customers or others.


8. 1 We will retain the PII that you provide while you remain a Customer of ours or as needed to provide you with products and services.


8. 2 We will never retain PII about you for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was originally collected.


8. 3 We may retain your PII after you have cancelled any contract with us if retention is reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, meet regulatory requirements, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce this Policy and our Terms of Use. We may also retain PII for a limited period of time if requested by law enforcement agencies.


8. 4 If you would like more information about how long we retain your information please email {removed href} {removed hyperref} or {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


9. 1 We take the security of the data that we collect very seriously. We have implemented technical, organisational and administrative measures which are generally accepted to protect the PII in our possession and of the third parties who act on our behalf.


9. 2 By providing your PII you agree to us storing or processing it. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy.


9. 3 Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your PII, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.


10. 1 You have the right to access, rectify, erase, restrict, transfer, or object to the use of your information. If you wish to exercise any of these rights or have questions regarding this policy or how we use your information, please contact us at {removed hyperref}.


10. 2 You may change or update the information that we hold about you at any time and as often as necessary. In the first instance, you should submit a request for a copy of your information in our possession by sending an email to {removed hyperref}. We will respond to all such requests without undue delay, and in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR.


10. 3 If you do not believe that we have responded to your complaint appropriately or in a timely manner, you may contact our Director of Operations Development at {removed hyperref} or the Information Commissioners Office.


11. 1 Stearn Electric Company Ltd. T/A Beam Group reserve the right to modify or amend this Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your consent. If we change our Policy, we will post those changes on this page in addition to updating the Last Updated date at the bottom of this Policy. For these reasons, we encourage you to read this Policy regularly.


11. 2 Your continued use of the Website or accessing Content posted on the Website shall constitute your acceptance of the modified Policy. If there will be any changes made to the use of your PII in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify you by posting a notice on our site. If you object to any of the changes, or the overall Policy, please contact us via {removed hyperref}.


These Terms of Use govern your conduct associated with the Customer Ratings and Review service offered by the BISSELL DIRECT website (the CRR Service). To the extent of any conflict between the BISSELL DIRECT websites Privacy Policy and these Terms of Use, these Terms of Use shall control with respect to the CRR Service.


By submitting any content to the BISSELL DIRECT website, you represent and warrant that:


{number list}.


{list item} you are the sole author and owner of the intellectual property rights thereto;


{list item} all moral rights that you may have in such content have been voluntarily waived by you;


{list item} all content that you post is accurate;


{list item} you are at least 18 years old;


{list item} use of the content you supply does not violate these Terms of Use and will not cause injury to any person or entity.


You further agree and warrant that you shall not submit any content:


{number list}.


{list item} that is known by you to be false, inaccurate or misleading;


{list item} that infringes any third partys copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy;


{list item} that violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including, but not limited to, those governing export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising);


{list item} that is, or may reasonably be considered to be, defamatory, libellous, hateful, racially or religiously biased or offensive, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing to any individual, partnership or corporation;


{list item} for which you were compensated or granted any consideration by any third party;


{list item} that includes any information that references other websites, addresses, email addresses, contact information or phone numbers;


{list item} that contains any computer viruses, worms or other potentially damaging computer programs or files.


You agree to indemnify and hold BISSELL (and its officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, employees and third-party service providers, including but not limited to Bazaarvoice, Inc.), harmless from all claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown including reasonable attorneys fees, arising out of a breach of your representations and warranties set forth above, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.


For any content that you submit, you grant BISSELL a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable right and license to use, copy, modify, delete in its entirety, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and/or sell and/or distribute such content and/or incorporate such content into any form, medium or technology throughout the world without compensation to you.


All content that you submit may be used at BISSELLs sole discretion. BISSELL reserves the right to change, condense or delete any content on the BISSELL DIRECT website that BISSELL deems, in its sole discretion, to violate the content guidelines or any other provision of these Terms of Use. BISSELL does not guarantee that you will have any recourse through BISSELL to edit or delete any content you have submitted. Ratings and written comments are generally posted within two to four business days. However, BISSELL reserves the right to remove or to refuse to post any submission for any reason. You acknowledge that you, not BISSELL are responsible for the contents of your submission. None of the content that you submit shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of BISSELL, its agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners or third party service providers and their respective directors, officers and employees.


By submitting your email address in connection with your rating and review, you agree that BISSELL and its third party service providers may use your email address to contact you about the status of your review and other administrative purposes.


Your Privacy.


When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. If the toggle is Blue, cookies are active for the selected category. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.


Targeting Cookies.


These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.


{removed href} Cookies Details Always Active.


These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.


{removed href} Cookies Details Performance Cookies.


These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.


{removed href} Cookies Details.


{removed href} Back Button Back.


Vendor Search Filter ButtonConsent {removed hyperref} checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label.


{number list}.


{list item}.


33Across.


33Across {removed href} View Third Party Cookies.


{number list}.


{list item} Namecookie name.


