


{bullet list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} Privacy.


{removed href} About Us {removed href} Ozeri in the News.


This page explains our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.


Cookies.


Cookies are files with small amounts of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computers hard drive. Like many sites, we use cookies to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.


Log Data and IP Tracking.


Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (Log Data). This Log Data may include information such as your computers Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics. In order to monitor and analyze this Log Data, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics.


Policies for Children.


Generally, our website is not intended for children under the age of 13 and we do not intentionally collect information from children under this age; moreover, Ozeri urges parents and guardians to monitor and participate in their childrens online activities.


Linked Sites.


Please be advised that this website may contain links to third party websites. The linked sites are not under the control of Ozeri, and we are not in charge of the content, privacy practices, or other activities of any linked site or any link on a linked site.


Changes to the Privacy Policy.


Ozeri reserves the right to change or update its Privacy Policy at any time. Additionally, you are encouraged from time to time to review any updated versions of this policy, as indicated by the effective date of this policy set forth below. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to the Ozeri site. Your continued use of this website after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.


