


ZUORA PRIVACY STATEMENT.


In this Privacy Statement (Statement), we, Zuora, Inc. (Zuora), describe our data collection and usage practices with respect to personal data we collect through {removed href} {removed hyperref} and other publicly-available web pages that directly link to this Statement (collectively the Site). This Statement describes how Zuora collects, uses, and stores the personal information and other information you provide on the Site. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA) additional terms can be found in our EEA Supplemental Privacy Statement ({removed href} {removed hyperref}/). If you are a resident of California additional terms can be found in our California Consumer Privacy Act Supplemental Notice ({removed href} {removed hyperref}/). This Statement only covers information collected through the Site and not information that we collect offline, through other websites, or through our subscription services. Zuora will use data loaded by customers into our subscription services in accordance with the contractual agreement(s) between Zuora and that customer.


{removed href}.


INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE.


You may visit the Site without registering or actively submitting personal data to us. If you do not register, then we receive only information that your computer or other device sends to us in connection with access requests and via cookies and other technologies that we use to analyze and enhance your use of our Site.


When you request information about Zuoras subscription services, we may ask for personal information, such as your name, work e-mail, company, title, phone number, country, and industry. You can opt out of providing personal information by not entering it when asked.


We may also collect, from you, the following personal information about your referrals: [Name and email address], in order to refer our products or services to these referred persons.


When you provide us with personal information about your referred persons we will only use this information for the specific reason for which it is provided.


If you believe that one of your business contacts has provided us with your personal information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Technologies such as cookies, beacons or similar technologies are used by Zuora and our partners, affiliates, or analytics or service providers (e. g. marketing partners). These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the Site, tracking users movements around the Site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.


We also use cookies for advertising purposes. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Site may be limited.


We partner with third parties to display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partners may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this Site and other sites to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you do not wish to have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt out by clicking {removed href} here (or if you are located in the European Union click {removed href} here). Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.


For more information on how to manage cookies on the Site, see our Cookie Policy ({removed href} {removed hyperref}/).


As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you.


We use local storage, such as HTML5, to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our Site or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity also use HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5.


We may not recognize or take action in response to Do-Not-Track (DNT) signals from Web browsers. At this time there is not any universally accepted standard for a companys adoption for how to respond when a DNT signal is detected. In the event a final standard is established, we will determine how to appropriately respond to these signals.


INFORMATION WE SHARE.


We disclose your personal information only as follows:


With your consent.


Through the use of affiliated and unaffiliated service providers around the world that help us deliver our service and run our business, subject to confidentiality agreements.


We share aggregated usage statistics.


We will disclose data as required by law or to protect you, other users, us or third parties from harm, including fraud, data security breaches or where someones physical safety seems at risk.


In a reorganization or sale of our company or assets, your data may be transferred, subject to the acquirer accepting the commitments made in this Statement and compliance with applicable law.


WIDGETS.


Our Site includes social media features, such as the Facebook button and widgets, such as the Share button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing it.


LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES.


We may provide links on our Site to certain third-party websites or referrals to certain third-parties products or services. If you choose to visit a third partys website, or use its products or services, the third partys privacy statement, and not this Statement, will govern your activities and any information you disclose while interacting with the third party.


UNSUBSCRIBE/OPT-OUT.


You can opt out of receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the instructions at the bottom of each communication or at any time by e-mailing {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


SECURITY.


The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


DATA RETENTION.


We will retain your information for as long as needed to provide you services and fulfill the purposes described in this Statement. We will retain and use your information as required or permitted by applicable law, including to comply with our legal or business record keeping obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.


EU-U. S. SWISS- US PRIVACY SHIELD.


Zuora participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U. S. and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework ({removed href} {removed hyperref}) as further explained in our Privacy Shield Notice ({removed href} {removed hyperref}/).


CORRECTING, DELETING AND UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION.


If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our Service, you may correct, update, discontinue the use of our Service or delete it by making the change on our member information page or by emailing our Customer Support at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. We will respond to your request to access within 30 days.


STATEMENT CHANGES.


We may update this Statement periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices. If we make material changes to this Statement, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the change becoming effective. You should review the Statement each time you visit our Site to learn of any changes.


CONTACT INFORMATION.


If you have questions, concerns or suggestions related to our Statement or our privacy practices you may contact us at:


Zuora, Inc.


101 Redwood Shores Pkwy.


Redwood City, CA 94065.


(650) 779-4993.


{removed href} {removed hyperref}.


UPDATE EFFECTIVE DECEMBER 15TH, 2020.


{removed href}.


2021 Zuora Inc.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Sitemap.


{list item} {removed href} Privacy Statement.


{list item} {removed href} Terms and Conditions.


{list item} {removed href} International:


{list item} {removed href} Germany.


{list item} {removed href} France.


{list item} {removed href} Japan.


