


Last modified: July 2020.


Introduction.


Milwaukee Electric Tool Corporation (Company or We) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.


This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website {removed hyperref} (our Website), when you use and access the One-Key program from the Website, when you install, access or use the ONE-KEYTM Mobile Application or other mobile and desktop apps you download from this Website, or apps provided by or on behalf of Company through an online app store (the Apps), or when you use certain Milwaukee tools and equipment that are ONE-KEYTM ready (ONE-KEYTM Tool), and our practices for collecting, using, storing, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.


This policy applies to information we collect:


{number list}.


{list item} Via the Apps.


{list item} On this Website (including use of the ONE-KEYTM program through the Website).


{list item} By using ONE-KEYTM Tools.


{list item} In e-mail, text and other electronic messages sent through or in connection with the Website and/or the Apps.


Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use the Apps or our Website. By accessing or using the Apps and/or this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of the Apps and/or this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.


Children.


The Apps and our Website is not intended for children under the age of majority in their jurisdiction of residence. No one under the age of majority may provide any information to or on the Website or Apps. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you are a child, do not use or provide any information on or through the Apps; or on or through the Website. Additionally, do not make any purchases through the Apps or the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of the Apps or the Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child, please contact us at 1-800-SAWDUST (1-800-729-3878).


Information We Collect About You And How We Collect It.


{number list}.


{list item} Directly from you when you provide it to us.


{list item} Automatically when you use the Website, Apps and ONE-KEYTM Tools.


Information You Provide To Us.


{number list}.


{list item} When you use the Website and/or download, register with us or use the Apps, you may voluntarily provide information:


{list item} By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (personal information).


{list item} Tool inventory information.


{list item} Tool mode information.


Stored Information And Files.


The Apps also may access metadata and other personal information associated with other files stored on your device. This may include, for example, photographs, audio and video clips, personal contacts and address book information. You can manually decide to share such information and the Apps will access such stored information or files you select to use for various purposes in the Apps, including uploading such information to the Website.


Automatic Information Collection And Tracking.


As you navigate through and interact with our Website, or when you download, access and use the Apps, we may use automatic data collection technologies. These technologies do not identify you as an individual, but do collect information regarding your internet service provider, computer, mobile device and connected tools. An example of such technology would be the use of browser cookies.


The type of such automatically collected information includes:


{number list}.


{list item} Usage Details. When you access and use the Apps, Website, or ONE-KEYTM Tools we may automatically collect certain details of your access to and use of the Website, ONE-KEYTM Tools or Apps, including traffic data, location data, tool connection and performance data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on or through the Apps or Website.


{list item} Computer Information. Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type.


{list item} Device Information. We may collect information about your mobile device and internet connection, including the devices unique device identifier, IP address, operating system, browser type, mobile network information and the devices telephone number.


If you do not want us to collect this information do not use the Website and do not download the Apps or delete them from your device.


Collection Of Information And Geo-Location By ONE-KEYTM Tools.


The ONE-KEYTM Tools contain technology that identifies the serial number and type of the tool (saw, drill, etc.) and broadcasts this information as a Notification along with the tools geo-location to phones utilizing the ONE-KEYTM App in the surrounding area and to other internet enabled devices that the Company has authorized to be part of the ONE-KEYTM system (collectively ONE-KEYTM Devices). ONE-KEYTM Tools do not collect or store personally identifying information. Accordingly, Notifications do not contain personally identifying information. Instead, you can create an account and provide your personal information on our ONE-KEYTM App and link specific ONE-KEYTM Tools to your account on the ONE-KEYTM App. ONE-KEYTM App users may only access and view the Notification and geo-location information transmitted by those ONE-KEYTM Tools that they specifically link to their ONE-KEYTM App. All ONE-KEYTM Devices, however, monitor for and receive Notifications from any ONE-KEYTM Tool, even if the ONE-KEYTM Device is not specifically associated with that ONE-KEYTM Tool. The ONE-KEYTM Device will, from time to time, transmit any One Key Tools geo-location and Notification information that it has detected and received to Company. Furthermore, no information regarding the ONE-KEYTM Device is provided to the ONE-KEYTM Tool.


The detection and transmission of Notification data by the ONE-KEYTM App may be disabled at any time by a feature on the ONE-KEYTM App. When disabled, the ONE-KEYTM App will not transmit the location of your phone or any Notifications or geolocation from any ONE-KEYTM Tools. The broadcasting by ONE-KEYTM Tools or their Notifications and geo-location, however, cannot be disabled or turned off.


Additionally, users of the ONE-KEYTM App or ONE-KEYTM program on the Website can manually link a ONE-KEYTM Tool to their inventory in their ONE-KEYTM user account (User Inventoried ONE-KEYTM Tool). Information concerning this User Inventoried ONE-KEYTM Tool (tool settings, tool location, serial number and other information) will be collected and stored by the ONE-KEYTM App and uploaded to the users account on the Website where it will be accessible to the user. The ONE-KEYTM App or ONE-KEYTM program on the Website can control the settings of the User Inventoried ONE-KEYTM Tool. Furthermore, a user can create a guest account (Guest Account) on the ONE-KEYTM App or the Website. A user can allow or disallow a Guest account User using the ONE-KEYTM App or ONE-KEYTM program on the Website to: connect to a User Inventoried ONE-KEYTM Tool and change the tools settings; connect to a User Inventoried ONE-KEYTM Tool and lock or unlock the User Inventoried ONE-KEYTM Tool; access a listing of all the One Key Tools in a users inventory; add or edit ONE-KEYTM Tools to a users inventory. Note that the above features of the ONE-KEYTM App may not be available for all versions of the ONE-KEYTM App or for all ONE-KEYTM App tools.


How We Use Your Information.


We use information that we collect to:


{number list}.


{list item} Provide you with the Apps and its contents.


{list item} To present our Website and its contents to you.


{list item} Give you notices about your account.


{list item} To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us, including by electronic commercial messages.


{list item} In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.


{list item} For any other purpose with your consent.


Additionally, if you are a user of the Apps and decide to use the Apps to link to your tools, we can use the data to:


{number list}.


{list item} Track performance data of a particular tool or suite of tools owned by you and used with the Apps or Website.


{list item} Provide support and repair service to you regarding your tools.


{list item} Prepare reports and logs of tool use, performance, and track battery life of tool.


{list item} Unlock the tools on behalf of the user.


If you use a ONE-KEYTM Tool, the Notification and geo-location of the ONE-KEYTM Tool may be detected and transmitted by any ONE-KEYTM Device and sent to us. If that ONE-KEYTM Tool is associated with the ONE-KEYTM App, we will use this Notification information and geo-location to provide you information about your ONE-KEYTM Tool through your ONE-KEYTM App. If the Notification information and geo-location is not associated with a specific user, we will use that information for our analytical purposes, to develop and improve products and services, and internal business purposes.


Disclosure Of Your Information.


We may use and disclose aggregated or de-identified information about our users, and information that does not personally identify any individual, without restriction.


We will collect, store, use and disclose your personal information provided to us for the purposes it was provided for, or as otherwise set out in this policy. In addition, we may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide:


{number list}.


{list item} To our subsidiaries and affiliates.


{list item} To a buyer or other successor, including a potential buyer or successor in any proposed sale, assignment, merger, amalgamation, plan of arrangement or other transfer of our business.


{list item} For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.


{list item} To our third party service providers who may be located outside your country of residence for purposes related to supporting our business (e. g., fulfillment services, technical support, delivery services) and providing you with information.


{list item} With your consent.


{list item} To comply with any court order, law or legal process.


{list item} If the personal safety of members of the public are in jeopardy.


Some of these third parties, service providers, affiliates or subsidiaries may be located outside of your country of residence. As a result, your personal information may be transferred, stored, used and/or processed outside of your country of residence in connection with the purposes described in this policy. Contractual or other measures we may use to protect your personal information are subject to the legal requirements of the foreign jurisdictions where your personal information may be transferred, stored, used or processed (for example, lawful requirements to disclose personal information to government authorities in those countries).


Additionally, any material you voluntary provide on the Website or Apps for public comment, review, or otherwise provide outside your individual user account is provided on a non-confidential and non-proprietary basis and we can use, reproduce and publish the information without restriction.


If you post any information or comments on the Website or Apps, you grant the Company and its affiliates a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information.


Accessing Your Personal Information.


If you have a user account with us, you can log unto your user account to make any changes to your specific user account as provided in your account settings. You have the right to access, update and correct your personal information in the Companys custody and control, subject to certain legal and contractual constraints. If you have questions or concerns on any personal information you have provided to us or would like to make any changes to such information you contact us at 1-800-SAWDUST (1-800-729-3878) regarding your questions.


Your California Privacy Rights.


California Civil Code Section 1798. 83 permits users of our Website and Apps that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at 1-800-SAWDUST (1-800-729-3878).


This notice provides California residents with notice of our practices and notice of their specific rights regarding their personal information. This notice also describes such individuals rights and how to exercise those rights.


NOTICE OF CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED:


Without limiting the descriptions above regarding what information we may collect, we have collected the following categories of personal information about consumers in the last twelve (12) months via the means described above:


{number list}.


{list item} Identifiers.


{list item} Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code 1798. 80(e)).


{list item} Commercial information.


{list item} Internet or other similar network activity.


NOTICE OF PURPOSES FOR CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED:


Without limiting the description of our purposes for collection and use of information described elsewhere in this privacy policy, with respect to the categories of personal information identified above, we may also use such information for business or commercial purposes as follows:


CATEGORY.


PURPOSES.


Identifiers.


{number list}.


{list item} To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information.


{list item} To provide support, personalize, and develop our websites, products and services.


{list item} To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.


{list item} To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.


{list item} To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.


Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code 1798. 80(e)).


{number list}.


{list item} To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information.


{list item} To provide support, personalize, and develop our websites, products and services.


{list item} To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.


{list item} To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.


{list item} To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.


Commercial information.


{number list}.


{list item} To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information.


{list item} To provide support, personalize, and develop our websites, products and services.


{list item} To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.


{list item} To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.


{list item} To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.


Internet or other similar network activity.


{number list}.


{list item} To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information.


{list item} To provide support, personalize, and develop our websites, products and services.


{list item} To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.


{list item} To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.


{list item} To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.


We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.


NOTICE OF SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION:


We do not sell or share personal information with any third party. We may disclose your personal information to our subsidiaries and affiliates and service providers.


NOTICE OF YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES:


The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.


Right to Know:


You have the right to request that the Company disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:


{number list}.


{list item} The categories of personal information we collected about you.


{list item} The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.


{list item} Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling (if applicable) that personal information.


{list item} The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.


{list item} The disclosure for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.


Right to Delete:


You have the right to request that the Company delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.


We may deny your deletion request in whole or in part if retaining certain information is necessary for us or our service providers to:


{bullet list}.


{list item} Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.


{list item} Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.


{list item} Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.


{list item} Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.


{list item} Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.


{list item} Comply with a legal obligation.


{list item} Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.


Exercising Your Rights:


To exercise the right to know or the right to delete described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:


{number list}.


{list item} Calling us at 1-800-SAWDUST (1-800-729-3878).


{list item} Visiting the following web page link: {removed href} CCPA Request.


You may only make a verifiable consumer request to exercise your rights under the CCPA twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:


{number list}.


{list item} Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.


{list item} Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.


We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestors identity or authority to make the request.


Response Timing, Verification and Format:


We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer requests receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.


We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.


When you make a request, we will attempt to verify your request as follows to ensure that we provide your personal information only to you or your authorized representative:


{number list}.


{list item} Account Users: We will verify your identity using our standard authentication means associated with your account with us.


{list item} Users Without an Account: We will verify your identity via first name, last name, email address and phone number.


Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights.


If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the right to opt-out). We do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the right to opt-in) from either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time.


To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the following web page link:


{removed href} Do Not Sell My Personal Information.


You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.


Non-Discrimination:


We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:


{number list}.


{list item} Deny you goods or services.


{list item} Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.


{list item} Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.


{list item} Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.


Accessibility:


Alternative formats of this privacy policy may be obtained as follows.


{number list}.


{list item} Calling us at 1-800-SAWDUST (1-800-729-3878).


{list item} Contact us at: Milwaukee Tool, 13135 W. Lisbon Road, Brookfield, WI 53005.


Appointing an Agent:


You may designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf.


Other Third Party Sites And Materials.


From time to time, the Company may provide links to other third party websites or applications that it does not control or the Company may include functionality that allows certain kinds of interactions between the site or application and your account on a third-party website or application. The use of this functionality may involve us to provide information to a third-party website or application. These third parties may retain any information used or provided in any such communications or activities and these third parties practices are not subject to our Privacy Policy. We urge you to review the privacy policies posted in association with these third party websites and applications at the time you first access such websites or applications. We may not control or have access to your communications through these third parties. Further, when you use third-party sites or services, you are using their services and not our services and they, not we, are responsible for their practices. You should read the applicable third-party privacy policies before using such third-party tools on our Site.


The Company undertakes no obligation to review or ensure enforcement or compliance with the privacy policies of any website or applications to which it links.


Data Security.


We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure.


The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website and Apps, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.


Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet and mobile platforms is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted through our Website and Apps. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures we provide.


We keep personal information only as long as necessary to satisfy the purposes for which it was collected, however, some personal information is kept for a number of years to comply with legal requirements.


Changes To Our Privacy Policy.


It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.


Contact Information.


To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at: 1-800-SAWDUST (1-800-729-3878).


Get Connected.


Get Connected. Receive FREE Decal!


Claim your free Milwaukee decal by joining HEAVY DUTY NEWSTM, the trusted source of new Milwaukee solutions, events, contests and more.


Email Address Select a Trade Automotive/Transportation Civil Construction Carpentry Remodeling Drywall/Insulation/Paint Electrical-Inside Wireman Electrical-Low Voltage/Datacom Electrical-Residential Wireman Power-Outside Line Worker Power-Outside Ground Worker Power-Outside Telecom Power Gen-Coal/Gas/Nuclear Power Gen-Solar/Wind/Geo Plumbing Drain/Sewer Maintenance Pipe Steam Fitting Sprinkler Fire Protection Sheet Metal Welding Mechanical Contractor HVAC/R Facility Maintenance General Contracting Property Management Farm/Agriculture Landscaping Masonry/Concrete Metalworking Mining/Oil/Gas Manufacturing Distributor/Dealer DIY/Enthusiast Trade Select Country United States Afghanistan land Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote Divoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic Peoples Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Peoples Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U. S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Country Zip/Postal Code English Espaol Franais Language.


You have successfully signed up to receive an email about special offers, new products, and events!


We experienced a technical difficulty while processing your request. Your request may not have been correctly sent.


By signing up, you agree to receive emails from Milwaukee with news and other information. To unsubscribe at any time, go to {removed href} Privacy Policy. For more information regarding free Milwaukee decal giveaway, please visit {removed href} Terms Conditions. While supplies last. Please allow 4-5 weeks for delivery.


When you visit our website, we store cookies on your browser to collect information. The information collected might relate to you, your preferences, or your device. This information collected is primarily used to make the site work as you would expect it to, and to provide you with a more personalized web experience. However, you can choose not to allow certain types of cookies, which may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. To learn more about the cookies we use, and your options to manage them, click on the different cookie categories to the left. {removed href} More information.


{number list}.


{list item} Always Active.


These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in, or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but this will prevent some parts of the site from functioning properly. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.


{list item} Functional Cookies.


These cookies allow us to provide our website visitors with enhanced functionalities and a more personalized experience. These cookies may be set by us, or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. Deactivating these cookies may prevent some or all of these services from functioning properly.


{list item} Performance Cookies.


These cookies allow us to count visits and sources, which ultimately helps us improve the performance of our site. They help us understand which pages are more popular with our visitors, and how our visitors interact with the site. All information collected by these cookies is aggregated and anonymous. Deactivating these cookies prevents us from understanding how frequently users visit our site, and hinders our ability to monitor the sites performance.


{list item} Targeting Cookies.


These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but they are based on uniquely identifying the users browser and internet device. Deactivating these cookies will limit an advertisers ability to present users with more relevant ads on other sites.


Select All Vendors Select All Hosts.


Select All.


{number list}.


{list item}.


{number list}.


{list item} Namecookie nameHostcookie hostDurationcookie durationTypecookie typeCategorycookie categoryDescriptioncookie category.


{list item}.


Consent Purposes.


Location Based Ads.


Consent Allowed.


Legitimate Interest Purposes.


Personalize.


{removed href} Require Opt-Out.


Features.


Location Based Ads.


Allow All Confirm My Choices.


