


PRIVACY POLICY GDPR.


YOUR PERSONAL DATA.


Privacy Notice for customers, prospects, partners and suppliers.


Last updated: February 27, 2020.


USR cares about your privacy.


USR (a division of UNICOM Global) and its international subsidiary and branches (referred to herein as USR) are committed to protecting the personal information that you provide to USR, in adherence to Data Protection Legislation (defined below) and best business practice.


This Privacy Notice describes USRs practices in relation to the use of its websites, web portals and FTP servers (WEBSITES) and the related products, applications and services offered by USR. This Privacy Notice sets out how USR uses and protects any personal data that you provide to USR, including personal data provided through its Websites.


USR provides software products and services to its customers and as a result may collect and process personal data about individuals (SERVICES).


USR maintains the same practices with data that is collected off-line and this notice may be relied upon with respect to those methods of data collection and use.


USR may modify or update its Privacy Notice at any time without prior notice. You can check the Last updated date above to see when the notice was last changed.


How to contact us.


If you have any questions regarding your personal data and how USR may use it, including any queries relating to this Privacy Notice, please complete the {removed href} online form at the bottom of this page (for product compliance inquiries contact {removed href} {removed hyperref} or visit our {removed href} Regulatory Compliance and Export Control page), or write to the Privacy and Risk Management Committee at UNICOM Systems, Inc., 15535 San Fernando Mission Blvd, Mission Hills, CA 91345, United States or call 1 818. 838. 0606 and ask to speak with a member of our Privacy team.


It is important that the personal data USR holds about you is accurate and current. Please keep USR informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with USR.


Terminology used.


USRs data protection and privacy measures are governed by the (i) the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (GDPR) and any national implementing laws, regulations and secondary legislation, as amended or updated from time to time, in the UK and then (ii) any successor legislation to the GDPR or the Data Protection Act 1998 (DATA PROTECTION LEGISLATION).


For the purpose of Data Protection Legislation:


{bullet list}.


{list item} where personal data is provided directly to USR through use of its Websites, email, or other means where USR is determining the way in which that personal data is processed, then USR will be a data controller of such information; and.


{list item} where USR is provided personal data in its capacity of providing Services to its customers, then USR will only process that personal data in accordance with the instructions of its customers and USR will therefore act as a data processor in respect of such personal data; USRs customer will be the data controller of that personal data for that purpose.


Where USR acts as a data processor on behalf of its customers, USR will process that personal data on the instructions of the customer, who would have collected that personal data in accordance with that customers own privacy policy. The data subject should therefore check the customers own privacy policy, to ensure they understand how their personal data may be processed.


Information we collect.


Personal data means any data or information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).


USR will only collect basic personal data about you, such as your name, email address, business type, work address, job title (IDENTITY DATA) and any product/solution interests that you have shared (PREFERENCES DATA) and information relating to your use of USR Websites (USAGE DATA). Unless otherwise agreed with you, this information will not include any special categories of personal information (often known as SENSITIVE PERSONAL DATA).


When visiting a USR Website, information is captured using cookies. To find out more about USRs use of website cookies, please visit our {removed href} cookie policy.


USR uses different methods to collect personal data from and about you including through:


{number list}.


{list item} DIRECT INTERACTIONS. You may give USR your contact information by filling in forms or by corresponding with USR by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when USR provides its Services; or.


{list item} THIRD PARTIES OR PUBLICLY AVAILABLE SOURCES. USR may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources such as:


{number list}.


{list item} Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services including third party debt agencies; and.


{list item} Identity and Contact Data from publicly available sources such as Companies House.


If you fail to provide personal data.


Where USR needs to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract USR has with you (or our customer whom USR acts for) and you fail to provide that data when requested, USR may not be able to perform the contract it has or is trying to enter. In this case, USR may have to cancel the Services but it will notify you (or where appropriate, its customer) if this is the case at the time.


How we use information that we collect.


USR will only use your personal data when the law allows it to, i. e. if USR has a legal basis for doing so, as outlined in this Privacy Notice or as notified to you at the time in which USR collects your personal data, and for the purposes for which it was collected for, unless USR reasonably considers that it needs to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If USR needs to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, USR will notify you and will explain the legal basis which allows it to do this. Please note that USR may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, where this is required or permitted by law.


USR will use your personal data to carry out its contractual obligations and, in addition, to keep you up-to-date with its products and services that you have expressed an interest in. Where USR act as the data controller for customer contact information, it has set out below in the table a description of all the ways it plans to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases USR relies on to do so. USR has also identified what its legitimate interests are, where appropriate.


Note that USR may process your personal data for more than one lawful grounds depending on the specific purpose for which USR is using your data. Please contact USR if you need details about the specific legal ground that it is relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.


Purpose/ActivityType of dataLawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest To register you or the company that you are connected to as a new customer and verify your identity (where required) Identity / contact data Performance of a contract Consent (for use of special categories of data, if applicable) To perform credit checks Identity / contact data Legitimate interests To process and deliver the Services including:


(a) Manage accounts, payments, fees and charges.


(b) Contacting you and corresponding about the Services Identity / contact data Performance of a contract.


Necessary for USRs legitimate interests (to recover debts due to USR) To respond to queries and enquiries Identity / contact data Legitimate interests To undertake marketing to you Identity / contact / preferences data Legitimate interests.


Where USR acts as a data processor of personal data on behalf of its customers, in accordance with USRs customers instructions or in order to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.


How your personal data may be shared.


Where USR acts as the data controller for customer contact information, or where permitted by USRs data controller customers, personal data processed by USR may be shared as follows:


{number list}.


{list item} With any member of the USR group of companies (as detailed above);


{list item} With permitted third party contractors of USR for the purposes of performing its Services;


{list item} Where USR is under a duty to disclose your personal data to comply with any legal obligation, or to enforce or apply USRs terms and conditions and other agreements;


{list item} To protect the rights, property, or safety of USR, USRs customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and for compliance with laws; and.


{list item} With third parties to whom USR may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of its business or its assets. Alternatively, USR may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to USRs business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this Privacy Notice.


USR requires all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. USR does not allow its third party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with USRs instructions.


USR will not share your information for marketing purposes with third party companies outside of its group of companies.


You can choose to unsubscribe from USR marketing communications at any time using the unsubscribe option on any electronic communication sent from USR. You may continue to receive further communications where a contractual or legitimate interest exists.


USR may use third party companies when processing your personal information. If you would like to find out which third party processors are used by USR, please contact USR as outlined above.


How long we keep your information for.


Where USR acts as a data controller, it will not keep your personal information longer than is necessary for the purpose in which it was provided, unless required by law, or for other legitimate reasons that need it to be retained for longer (for example, if necessary for any legal proceedings). Where USR acts as a data processor on behalf of its customers, USR will only hold on to personal data for the period notified to USR by the data controller customer, or for the period required for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, regulatory or reporting requirements.


Your rights.


Under Data Protection Legislation, you have the following rights in certain circumstances:


{number list}.


{list item} The right to be informed this is information on USRs collection and use of your personal data.


{list item} The right of access you have the right to be provided with copies of the personal data of you that USR is processing as well as confirmation of the processing USR is doing. You can do this by sending a subject access request to the contact details noted above for USRs consideration.


{list item} The right to rectification if you think the personal data that USR holds on you is wrong, you can inform USR and USR will fix it.


{list item} The right to erasure (also known as the right to be forgotten) if you want USR to permanently delete the personal data it holds about you then you can ask USR to do so.


{list item} The right to restrict processing if you do not like how USR is using your personal data then you can let USR know and USR will stop processing it in that way.


{list item} The right to data portability if you want USR to pass on your personal data to someone else then please let USR know. This transfer should not affect the integrity or otherwise damage your personal data.


{list item} The right to withdraw your consent you can withdraw your consent for USR to process your personal data (if USR has relied on your consent to process your personal data) at any time by contacting USR. If USR has relied only on your consent as the basis to process your personal data then USR will stop processing your personal data at the point you withdraw your consent. Please note that if USR can also rely on other bases to process your personal data aside from consent then USR may do so even if you have withdrawn your consent.


{list item} Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling if USR use either automated decision making or profiling then you have a right to know. Also, USR needs your consent if either of these are used to make a decision that affects you. As with all consent, you can withdraw it at any time.


To exercise any of the above rights please complete the {removed href} online form at the bottom of this page. (NOTE: this email is for GDPR and Privacy related requests. For product compliance inquiries contact {removed href} {removed hyperref}).


Where you exercise your right to erasure or where information is deleted in accordance with USRs retention policy, please note that after the deletion of your personal data, it cannot be recovered, so if you require a copy of this personal data, please request this during the period USR retains the data.


Where you exercise your right to request access to the information USR processes about you, you will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, USR may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.


Alternatively, USR may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.


USR will try to respond to all legitimate access requests within one month. Occasionally it may take longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, USR will notify you and keep you updated.


Children.


USR Websites are not intended for children and USR will not knowingly collect any personal data from persons under the age of 18 and will immediately delete any such data subsequently so determined.


How to raise a concern about the use of your personal information.


If you have concerns about how USR has handled your personal data, including in relation to any of the rights contained herein, please please complete the {removed href} online form at the bottom of this page outlining the concerns that you have.


You may also make a complaint to the ICO (the UK supervisory authority). You can find further information about the ICO and their complaints procedure at: {removed href} {removed hyperref}/.


IP Addresses.


USR Websites may collect your Internet Protocol (IP) address. This information is collected for internal security and system administration purposes. This information may also be used to trace the computer used in cases of misuse or unlawful actions in connection with visits to or use of USRs Websites.


External websites.


USRs Websites may, from time to time, contain links to other websites. If you follow a link to another website, please note that the website will have its own privacy policy and that USR does not accept any responsibility or liability for such policies, or how such websites collect and use your data. Please check the associated privacy policy before you submit any personal data to these websites. {removed href}.


Contact Us.


NAME * EMAIL ADDRESS * COUNTRY * COMMENTS *


We use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. By continuing to use this site, you accept our use of cookies. To find out more about cookies on this website, see our {removed href} privacy policy.


{removed href} {removed href} {removed href}.


