


{removed href}.


{removed href} Privacy Policy.


You are here: {removed href} Home / Privacy Policy.


PRIVACY POLICY.


This privacy policy (Privacy Policy) discloses what information Edison Research (Edison, we or us) gathers about you through our website (the Website) all other online and mobile interfaces, including our applications (collectively, the App), and all other Edison software or skills running on interconnected devices or platforms, such as Amazon Alexa (collectively, the Skills), however accessed, and how that information is used. Edison owns and operates the Website, App, and Skills, and we use the personal information we receive from them as described below. We do not sell your personal information.


BY USING THE WEBSITE, APP, AND/OR SKILLS AND SHARING YOUR INFORMATION WITH US, YOU CONSENT TO AND ACCEPT THE PRIVACY PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.


ONLINE AND MOBILE INFORMATION PRACTICES.


We are committed to protecting your personal privacy as you visit or use our Website, App, and/or Skills. Accordingly, this Privacy Policy informs you how we collect and use your information on our Website and through our App and Skills.


INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT.


The information we collect varies depending on the type of activity you are performing on our Website, App, or Skills and helps us provide our service and/or personalize and continually improve your experience. In all instances where we collect personal information through the Website or App, we specifically indicate what information is required in order to provide you with the product or service you have requested. In addition, the Skills collect any information you provide to the Skills, and the Skills may obtain information you provide when you download and register the Skills through the Amazon Alexa skills website or any other licensed source. We collect information necessary for the activities on our Website, App, or Skills. We do not, however, collect personal information from children under 13 without verifiable consent. The personal information we collect may include:


Name.


User name.


Email address.


Age.


Ethnicity.


Education level.


Income level.


Other demographic information.


We may collect other information that does not reveal your specific identity, such as:


IP Address or other unique device identifier.


Information collected through cookies, pixel tags or other technologies.


Skills usage data.


Aggregated information.


User generated content.


The Skills may collect certain information automatically as part of the normal operation within the context of Amazon Alexa or any other licensed source, which may include, but is not limited to, your hardware device unique ID, a unique user ID, your previous usage of the Skills, and/or information about the manner in which you use the Skills. The Skills do not collect precise information about the location of your hardware device. For detailed information about the information collected by the underlying platform or licensed, please consult that platforms or sources relevant terms and conditions.


BROWSING.


When you visit our Website, we gather information including page requests (URL requests), time of your visit, your IP address, operating system, web browser software, and any cookies which were set during a previous visit to our site. IP address information is not distributed to third parties. We use this information to improve your overall experience. We use cookies to help with navigation through our web pages; they are not used to gather any personal information about users.


GATHERING INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN UNDER AGE 13.


We do not knowingly solicit or collect personally identifiable information on our Website, App, or Skills from children under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. If we learn that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personally identifiable information without parental consent, we will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from our databases and to not use such information for any purpose (except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or others as required or allowed by law). If you become aware of any personally identifiable information we have collected from children under 13, please contact us at [Link].


HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.


The information you provide to us is primarily used to provide our survey and research products and services and to create reports and analysis (collectively, the Reports). We do not share or disclose your personal information in any of the Reports. We may use and share de-identified and aggregated data with third parties for research, analytics, or other similar purposes. We may use your personal information to contact you to participate in surveys or polls or to follow up on surveys or polls in which you have participated, and/or to improve the quality of our Website, App, or Skills or our surveys or polls.


In addition, we may use your personal information to provide important information about products or services that you have or are using, including security risks and updates. If you do not want to receive communications from us about our products and services in the future, we will provide an Opt-out link or you can let us know by e-mailing or mailing us at the below respective addresses and telling us the name and addresses that you would like removed for those communications.


WHO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH.


We limit the release of information and we require privacy protections in our business relationships. We do not sell your information, nor do we share your information with third parties to market to you. In addition, we may share your personal information when required by law, or with third parties that perform functions on our behalf. We may share personal information with third party organizations or individuals if we have a good-faith believe that it is reasonably necessary to meet any applicable law, regulation, subpoena, legal process or enforceable government request; to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, misuse, or any security or technical issues; and/or to protect against harm to the rights, property, or safety of Edison, our users, or the public.


COOKIES.


A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which is then stored on your system. A cookie is useful for having the browser remember specific information across several pages or between visits to a website. A cookie does not store personally identifiable information or any sensitive information. Also, our site does not read any information stored in cookies given to you from other websites, except in cases where the other website is a provider of information or functionality within our website and that cookie is necessary to make our website function correctly.


Our website makes use of cookies for the following purposes:


Website administration.


Completing your request.


Analysis of page and website information that does not identify specific individuals.


You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. Browsers may also be set up to display a warning when a cookie is used. You may even disable your browser from accepting cookies. In order to provide you with the best possible experience while visiting our website, please enable cookies within your browser.


LEAVING OUR WEBSITE AND/OR LINKING TO THIRD PARTIES.


We strive to ensure that any information you send us is safe. When you leave this Website and go to another linked site, we are not responsible for the content or availability of the linked site. Please be advised that we do not represent either the third party or you, if you enter into a transaction on the third party site. Further, the privacy and security policies of the linked site may differ from those practiced by us.


CONTROL OVER AND ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION.


We enable you to have control over the accuracy of your personal information. You can delete or change your personal information with us at any time by contacting us via a method described under Contact Us below. You can stop collection of information by Skills by disabling the Skills on your Amazon Alexa account or equivalent licensed source account.


DO NOT TRACK.


Third parties may collect information about you across different web sites, including our website. We do not currently utilize the capability to respond to web browser do not track signals or other mechanisms that provide you with the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of this information.


CONTACT US.


If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:


MAIL:


Edison Research.


ATTN: Webmaster.


6 W Cliff St.


Somerville, NJ 08876.


EMAIL:


{removed hyperref}.


This Page was last modified on September 24, 2017.


{removed href}.


{removed href}.


{removed href}.


contact edison research.


6 W. Cliff St.


Somerville, NJ 08876.


phone: 1. 908. 707. 4707.


fax: 1. 908. 707. 4740.


Wed love to chat. If you have any questions about Edison, our services, custom research or just have a thorny consumer research problem to solve, were here to help.


{removed href} {removed href} {removed href}.


Recent Blog Posts.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} The Infinite Dial 2021March 11, 2021 - 7: 42 pm.


{list item} {removed href} Mobile device share of listening on track to surpass traditional radio receivers in the {removed hyperref} 4, 2021 - 4: 39 pm.


{list item} {removed href} Twitter Before and After TrumpFebruary 17, 2021 - 5: 47 pm.


{list item} {removed href} The Top 50 Most Listened to U. S. Podcasts of 2020February 9, 2021 - 7: 07 pm.


{removed href} Scroll to top.


