


PRIVACY POLICY.


Introduction.


Your privacy is important to Cadence Design Systems, Inc. and its affiliates, each acting as a data controller (collectively, Cadence, we, our, and us). This Privacy Policy describes Cadences information practices, and applies to all Cadence websites, products, and applications available for download through websites linked to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the Sites). A summary of the types of information Cadence gathers and how such information is used, shared, and/or sold is outlined below.


Types of Information We Collect.


For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, we use the terms personal data and personal information interchangeably to refer to any information that directly or indirectly relates to or could reasonably be linked to an identified or identifiable individual, consumer, or household. Below, we describe the information we may collect about you, and how we collect that information. Such information may be personal information.


Information that we process about you may include:


{number list}.


{list item} Your name;


{list item} Your place of employment and job title;


{list item} Your contact information such as physical address, email address, and phone number;


{list item} Your username, password, and other registration information;


{list item} Your demographic information, such as age and gender;


{list item} Information about your preferences, and interests;


{list item} Information you provide when submitting an employment application;


{list item} Transaction-related information (including payment details);


{list item} Online identifiers, such as your internet protocol address;


{list item} Information you provide when you make a request or otherwise contact us; and.


{list item} Any other information you choose to make public on the Sites (e. g., information shared with other members of our user community).


We may collect such information from you directly, including, but not limited to, when you:


{number list}.


{list item} Register for and/or attend a seminar, webinar, training course, or other event;


{list item} Create an account or a profile;


{list item} Participate in our user community or otherwise contribute content to the Sites, such as by authoring a post on our forums or commenting on a blog post;


{list item} Submit an employment application and/or resume, or fill out other employment documentation;


{list item} Make a purchase;


{list item} Provide feedback;


{list item} Request information from us, or otherwise communicate with us;


{list item} Download software;


{list item} Enter into a contract with us personally, or on behalf of a company that you represent;


{list item} Sign up to receive electronic newsletters, blog posts, and/or other materials; or.


{list item} Otherwise contact us with a question, comment, feedback, or request, including service requests.


We may also collect such information about you indirectly, including, but not limited to:


{number list}.


{list item} When a third party (e. g., our service providers) provides us information about you;


{list item} When your devices, such as smartphones, tablets, or computers, automatically submit information (e. g., see the Cookies and Analytics Information section below); and.


{list item} When such information is available from public sources.


Cookies Analytics Information.


As you navigate any of the Sites, we and our service providersincluding web analytics companiesmay use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to automatically collect certain information from your computer or mobile device over time and across different websites, as mentioned above.


A cookie is a small text file that many websites save on your computers hard drive when you visit a site. The Sites use both session cookies and persistent cookies to maintain your session state and to obtain information about your use of the Sites. Session cookies expire once you close your browser. Persistent cookies stay on your computer until you delete them. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Site.


The Sites also use web analytics services to analyze your Site use. The web analytics services, including Google Analytics, use cookies to evaluate your Site use by providing services about Site activity and internet usage to the website providers. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit: {removed href} {removed hyperref}/. You can prevent Googles collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under {removed href} {removed hyperref}? hlen-GB.


For purposes of improving and customizing the content or layout of the Sites, using the means described, we and our service providers may automatically collect the following information about you:


{number list}.


{list item} IP address;


{list item} Browser type and operating system;


{list item} Webpages you view on the Sites;


{list item} Clickstream data;


{list item} Time and length of your visit to the Sites;


{list item} Search terms you enter on the Sites;


{list item} Domain name;


{list item} E-mail address (to the extent that our servers automatically recognize it); and.


{list item} Information viewed and/or downloaded on the Sites.


This information helps us improve and customize the content or layout of the Sites.


You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You may also set your browser to turn off cookies. If you do so, however, some areas of the Sites may not function properly. For more information about cookies and how to manage them, visit {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


You may opt-out of our collection of analytics information through Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using Googles {removed href} Ads Preference Manager or at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. The Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on can be accessed here: {removed href} {removed hyperref}/. For further details on the use of Google Analytics, please see above chapters Information Collected Automatically and Google Analytics.


Use of Information.


We process personal data where the processing is necessary to perform a contract between you and Cadence, to take steps at your request prior to entering into such contract, to comply with our legal obligations, or to exercise our legal rights. We also may process your information when the processing is otherwise in Cadences or a third partys legitimate interests in accordance with applicable law. In particular, we and service providers working on our behalf, may use the information we collect for a number of purposes, including, but not limited to:


{number list}.


{list item} Providing you with the information that you request, or otherwise communicating with you;


{list item} Managing your account and providing you with information about the Sites, such as changing your user profile, notifying you of recent updates to the Sites, and providing you with patch releases or warranty information;


{list item} Processing any transactions or providing any services you have authorized, such as a purchase or service request, and maintaining and supporting our products to the extent necessary for the provision of the services;


{list item} Delivering marketing communications, promotional materials, or advertisements as well as product news or notifications;


{list item} Allowing us to improve the Sites and the products and services we provide, such as by better tailoring our content to our users needs and interests and improving site navigation;


{list item} Generating and analyzing statistics about your use of the Sites; and.


{list item} Detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of our Terms of Use, violations of law, or other misuse of the Sites, Cadence systems or assets.


We and service providers working on our behalf also may combine or aggregate any of the information we collect through the Sites or elsewhere for any of these purposes.


You are not obligated to provide us any personal information. However, if you do not, you may not be able to access certain product or service offerings. For example, certain areas of the Sites require user registration, which requires that you provide us with certain personal information.


Disclosure of Information.


We may disclose each of the types of information described in the Types of Information We Collect to third parties, as described in this Privacy Policy, with other individuals or entities in situations such as the following:


{number list}.


{list item} When we have your permission;


{list item} When you choose to make information public on the Sites, such as when you contribute a post to our Cadence Technology Forums;


{list item} To service providers who work on our behalf and have agreed to use the information solely to provide the services requested by Cadence, including, but not limited to, service providers that process payments, provide support services, or provide shipping services;


{list item} To service providers, advisors, and other third parties to the extent reasonably necessary to proceed with the negotiation or completion of a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, provided that any third party that acquires our company will assume the rights and obligations regarding your information as described in this Privacy Policy; or.


{list item} When we believe in good faith that such disclosure is to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to court orders or other legal process served on Cadence, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Cadence or users of the Sites; or (c) detect, prevent, or respond to fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of our Terms of Use, violations of law, or other misuse of the Sites.


In particular, depending on the products and/or services you use, the following are categories of information that are disclosed, and the steps we take to limit the manner in which your personal information is used:


{number list}.


{list item} We may provide contact information, to direct mail organizations, for the purposes of sending you information that you have agreed to receive. These companies may only use your information to perform functions on behalf of Cadence, as defined by the relevant service agreements.


{list item} We may provide contact and employment information of registered users, to business partners, for identifying user interest in particular products and services. Business partners will only use such information as described in our agreement with them, and will only contact you with your permission.


{list item} We may provide contact information, software usage, employment information, browsing history, and referral information, to business partners, so they may fulfil customer requests. In certain cases, we may contact users annually to confirm your desire to continue receiving information, and you may otherwise opt out as described further below.


{list item} We may provide contact information, employment information, and license privileges of users of certain tools, to business customers, for purposes of identifying to whom software products should be distributed. Information is only shared with those customers to whom you have licensed their software product, and Cadence is under a contractual obligation to provide the list of users to those business partners, for use of the software.


Sale of Information.


In limited circumstances, we may disclose your informationwith your express consentin ways that may be considered a sale in certain jurisdictions, including as follows:


{number list}.


{list item} Cadence may receive payment from business partners that are authorized to sell Cadence products, should a sale result from our disclosure of your contact information to that partner, pursuant to the section above regarding Disclosure of Information.


{list item} Under certain circumstances, our partners may also offer payment for provision of your contact information and interests (based on your browsing history), also pursuant to the section above regarding Disclosure of Information.


Other than the limited instances identified above, Cadence does not sell your personal information to third parties.


Security of Your Information.


We maintain reasonable physical, technical, and administrative procedures and practices to safeguard the information that we collect, and as is appropriate for the nature of the information. However, we cannot ensure the absolute security of your information, particularly of information you transmit to the Sites over networks that we do not control, including the Internet and wireless networks. As a result, we suggest that you help us by protecting your passwords, not using the same password for different applications or sites on the Internet, and notifying us if you suspect that your credit card, user name, or password is lost, stolen, or used without permission.


Childrens Privacy.


The Sites are not directed to, nor do we knowingly collect information from, anyone under 13 years of age. If you learn that your child provided us with information without your consent, please contact us at the contact information listed below.


Location of Your Information.


Information covered by this Privacy Policy will be transferred to, stored at, and processed in the United States and other countries in which Cadence offices are located (as indicated on the {removed href} {removed hyperref} website) or where Cadence does business, which may not provide the same level of protection for your personal information as your home country. Before transferring your personal information, we will take steps to ensure that such data will be afforded the level of protection required under applicable data protection laws. For such data transfers, we may use the standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission and will make available a copy to you upon request. In addition, we may further transfer your information to our affiliates and service providers located in other countries, or as otherwise permitted or required by applicable law.


Retention Period.


We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. The criteria used to determine such retention periods include: (i) the length of time.


we have an ongoing relationship with you; (ii) whether there is a legal or business obligation to which we are subject; or (iii) whether a longer retention period is required or permitted by law, for example to maintain certain contractual or tax records.


Your Choices and Rights.


Your Rights.


Every visitor to our Sites has the following rights:


ACCESS. You have the right to request that Cadence provide you with copies of your personal information.


RECTIFICATION. You have the right to request that Cadence correct any information that you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that Cadence complete information about you that you believe is incomplete.


ERASURE. You have the right to request that Cadence erase your personal data, under certain conditions.


RESTRICT PROCESSING. You have the right to request that Cadence restrict the processing of your personal information, under certain conditions.


OBJECT TO PROCESSING. You have the right to object to Cadences processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.


DATA PORTABILITY. You have the right to request that Cadence transfer the data that we collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.


You also have the right to file a complaint with a competent supervisory authority.


You may make any of the above requests by contacting us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}, or calling us at 1-833-926-0704. We will respond to your request as soon as reasonably practicable and in accordance with applicable law. To the extent required under legal obligations or local laws, or if it is subject to certain defined exceptions, some of your information may remain within our systems and other records.


California Residents.


California residents additionally have specific rights to:


OPT OUT OF THE SALE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. You have the right to object to Cadences sale of your personal information, by clicking this link: {removed href} {removed hyperref}. html.


NON-DISCRIMINATION. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of the rights described in this Privacy Policy. Unless otherwise permitted by law, we will not:


{number list}.


{list item} Deny you goods or services;


{list item} Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;


{list item} Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or.


{list item} Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.


Nonetheless, as described above, use or purchase of certain products or services may require the collection and/or maintenance of person information.


Additional User Choice.


In some cases, we provide a means to create an account or a profile of information on the Sites. In such cases, you may access and correct certain information by accessing your account or profile. For example, to change your contact information on {removed href} {removed hyperref}, log in to your account and select the My Account link found on the top of the webpage.


If we have obtained your e-mail address in connection with your purchase of our goods or services, we may send you promotional or marketing e-mails in relation to similar goods or services. You may opt-out from receiving these e-mails by notifying us at the address specified at the bottom of any unwanted e-mail. These opt-out procedures may not be available for transactional or relationship messages, such as e-mails that are necessary to provide you with confirmation of a completed transaction (such as a purchase, service request, or change in your user profile), to provide you with warranty information regarding a particular product you purchased, to provide notification of changes of terms of service, or to provide you with important information about the use of a product that you have purchased or software that you have downloaded.


Links to Other Sites.


The Sites may contain links to third-party websites and applications. Our provision of a link to any other website or application is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other website or application or its contents. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for these third-party websites and applications or their content. Please be aware that the terms of our Privacy Policy do not apply to these third-party websites and applications.


Contact Information.


Cadence welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy. Please contact Cadence Design Systems, Inc., the data controller, at {removed href} {removed hyperref} or call us at 1-833- 926-0704.


A list of Cadences offices and contacts is available at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. aspx.


Privacy Policy Updates.


Cadence may supplement or amend this policy from time to time, and will post a revised Policy on our Sites, and update the Last Revised date below. If we make material changes to the way we collect, use, or disclose your personal information, we will notify you by any additional means that are appropriate.


EFFECTIVE: SEPTEMBER 2005 LAST REVISED: DECEMBER 2019.


