


ams and OSRAM ams and OSRAM.


{removed href}.


{removed href} {removed href} {removed href} {removed href}.


{removed href} {removed href}.


{removed href} {removed href} {removed href} {removed href} {removed href} {removed href} {removed href} {removed href} {removed href} {removed href} Home {removed href} OSRAM SYLVANIA {removed href} Privacy Policy... {removed href}.


Privacy Policy.


Important Disclaimers and Legal Information.


Last Updated: November 22, 2019.


This Privacy Policy governs the collection, use and disclosure of your information through the OSRAM SYLVANIA website: {removed href} {removed hyperref}. By using this website, you are consenting to the collection and processing of personal and other information described in this Privacy Policy, now and as amended. When you visit external websites through links provided by {removed href} {removed hyperref}. us, your use and collection of data is not covered under this Privacy Policy.


PERSONAL INFORMATION.


In general, you can visit this website without giving any personal information about yourself. There are times when we or our business partners may need to obtain personal information from you, such as your name, address, email address, phone number, social media user name, your companys name, or your job title. We may also collect information about your interest in our products and services or other transactions.


WHAT WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT.


The following describes in more detail when and why OSRAM SYLVANIA may collect your personal information, how we may use it, and with whom it may be shared.


OUR SERVICE PROVIDERS.


OSRAM SYLVANIA uses service providers to collect, use, analyze and otherwise process information on our behalf. We expect our service providers to handle personal information in a manner consistent with our policies and legal obligations.


FULFILLING YOUR REQUEST.


If you conduct a transaction or request information from this website (e. g., a product or service, application, a callback, or specific marketing materials), we will use the information you provide to fulfill your request. We may share information with others, such as affiliates, service providers, financial institutions, shipping companies, or government authorities as may be necessary to complete the transaction.


MARKETING.


The information you provide to OSRAM SYLVANIA on this website may also be used by OSRAM SYLVANIA and its business partners for marketing purposes. You will have the opportunity to choose whether or not to have your information used for this purpose by providing consent or objecting to the further use of your data. We do not sell personal data.


CONTESTS.


From time to time you may be able to participate in contests, giveaways, sweepstakes or similar promotions on this web site. You may be required to share certain personal information with us or third parties to participate. In addition, as a condition to receiving any reward or prize, you may be required to provide additional information, sign a release, or authorize the use of your information in marketing materials. It is the contestants responsibility to check the specific contest rules to determine how your information may be used and shared.


QUESTIONNAIRES AND SURVEYS.


We may ask visitors to this website to complete surveys. The results of these surveys help us improve this website, as well as the products and services we offer. We may ask you for your name and email address. Some surveys may request more background information, such as age range and income categories this information will not be used to identify any individual.


OUR GLOBAL COLLEAGUES.


OSRAM SYLVANIA is a member of the {removed href} OSRAM group of companies, a global provider of efficient lighting solutions. We may share your personal information within the OSRAM group both domestically and internally, and in accordance to local data privacy laws.


MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS.


OSRAM SYLVANIA may decide to sell, merge or reorganize its businesses. As part of the transaction, we may need to disclose personal information to prospective or actual purchasers. OSRAM SYLVANIA will endeavor to offer the appropriate protection for information in these transactions.


WEBSITE-TRACKING.


Certain types of information are collected and stored automatically, using information that your browser sends whenever you visit a web site. This may include your Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. We also log and track which pages are visited to measure site traffic.


We use third party services for marketing and optimization purposes. Our service providers collect data and use web analytics tools to provide us with information about this web site usage. We may transfer the data we collect about you when you visit this web site, including personal information, to our service providers or they may gather this data directly. Our service providers use this information to create anonymous usage profiles.


When you visit this web site either we or our service providers may store data on your computer in the form of a cookie, web beacons (also known as tracking pixels), or similar tracking technology to automatically recognize your device the next time you visit. Cookies can help us in many ways, such as allowing us to tailor a Site to better match your interests or to store your password to save you from having to re-enter it each time. If you do not wish to receive cookies, you can configure your Internet browser to erase all cookies from your computer, block all cookies or to receive a warning before a cookie is stored. As a user of this web site, you do have the option to stop tracking and use of cookies. Information and instructions about cookies can be found {removed href} here.


DISCLOSURES REQUIRED BY LAW.


In certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information pursuant to legal, regulatory, judicial or other governmental requirements, requests, subpoenas, warrants, or orders. We may also disclose your information if we believe it is necessary or appropriate to prevent injury, property damage or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.


INFORMATION SECURITY.


OSRAM SYLVANIA implements reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. Although our goal is to protect your information, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches. The security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to our web site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We recommend using a new password for each site, ensure it contains complexity and its changed periodically.


CHILDREN.


We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time following confirmation.


OTHER PORTALS AND SERVICES.


You may connect to other OSRAM SYLVANIA or affiliated portals or services for specific purposes (e. g. suppliers, e-commerce, and employment application) through this website. These portals or services may have separate registration requirements, terms of use and privacy policies. In the event of any conflict between this policy and a policy for that portal or service, the portal or service policy will govern.


THIRD PARTY SITES.


This web site may contain links to non-affiliated web sites. Your use of any third party site, including the submission of personal information, will be governed by the terms and conditions of the site operator. OSRAM SYLVANIA IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PRACTICES OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY SITE, EVEN IF WE PROVIDE A LINK FROM OUR WEB SITE.


CHANGES.


We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy without any additional notice. Please check the Privacy Policy page regularly to keep up-to-date. Your continued use of this web site following any change indicates your acceptance of any revisions to the Privacy Policy.


QUESTIONS AND CONCERNS.


You have the right to request a copy of the personal information we have about you. If you have requests or questions about this Privacy Policy, please send an email to: {removed href} {removed hyperref} or OSRAM Sylvania, 200 Ballardvale Street, Wilmington, MA. 01887, attention Data Privacy Officer.


{removed href}.


