


Privacy Policy.


WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?


We collect information from you when you leave a message on our site.


When leave a message on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.


WHAT DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR?


Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:


TO PROCESS TRANSACTIONS.


Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.


TO SEND PERIODIC EMAILS.


The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.


NOTE: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.


HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?


We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.


We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment Gateway Providers Database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, who are required to keep the information confidential.


After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.


DO WE DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?


We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.


CHILDRENS ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE.


We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), and we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.


ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY ONLY.


This online Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to any information collected offline.


By using our website, you (the visitor) agree to allow third parties to process your IP address, in order to determine your location for the purpose of currency conversion. You also agree to have that currency stored in a session cookie in your browser (a temporary cookie which gets automatically removed when you close your browser). We do this in order for the selected currency to remain.


TERMS OF USE.


Please also read our Terms of Use, which explains proper use of our website at {removed hyperref}.


YOUR CONSENT.


By using our site, you consent to our website Privacy Policy.


CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY.


If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.


Last modified: 24/11/2016.


