


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Skip to Main Content.


{list item} {removed href} Skip to Department Navigation.


{removed href}.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Returns Policy.


{list item} {removed href} Pricing Policy.


{list item} {removed href} Privacy Policy.


{list item} {removed href} Accessibility Policy.


{list item} {removed href} Terms Conditions.


{list item} {removed href} Installation Services Agreement and Terms Conditions.


{list item} {removed href} Canadian Tire Auto Text Messaging Terms Conditions.


{list item} {removed href} Multi-Year Accessibility Plan.


{list item} {removed href} Canadian Tire Auto Service Terms and Conditions.


{removed href} Unopened items, with a receipt, in original packaging and returned within 90 days of purchase will receive a refund to the original method of payment** or will receive an exchange. Items that are opened, damaged and/or not in resalable condition may not be eligible for a refund or exchange. Click on the tabs below for a list of exceptions and exclusions to our returns policy.


Valid photo ID may be required. {removed href} {removed href} Price consistency.


Price consistency.


Canadian Tire attempts to match online prices to those in store. However, online prices, product and service selection and availability, as well as sale effective dates, may differ from those in store and may vary by geographic region. {removed href} Regional differences.


Regional differences.


Due to differences in sale effective dates across the country, items may be available online at the sale price before they are available in store. Dealers are under no obligation to make promotional products available, or to match online prices until the sale begins in their region. {removed href} Flyer differences.


Flyer differences.


The prices found in the online version of the {removed href} Canadian Tire flyer may be different to the ones appearing on the website. Market conditions and competitive pressures may cause prices and availability to change without further notice. Canadian Tire Associate Dealers may sell for less. {removed href} Pricing, typographical or illustrative errors.


Pricing, typographical or illustrative errors.


Although great care is taken in the production of the {removed hyperref} website, typographical, illustrative or pricing errors may occur. We reserve the right to correct errors at any {removed hyperref} prices quoted are payable in Canadian Dollars and, unless otherwise stated, do not include shipping charges, GST, PST, QST or {removed hyperref} {removed href} e-FLYER and {removed hyperref} each offer limited-time sales values, special buys and items at Canadian Tires everyday low prices. Regular prices shown reflect the prices at which the products have been sold by Canadian Tire as of the date of issuance indicated. {removed href} Price Match Guarantee.


Price Match Guarantee.


Visit our {removed href} Price Match Guarantee page to learn more. {removed href} Rounding Guidelines.


Rounding Guidelines.


As of February 4, 2013, Canadian Tire has adopted the fair rounding approach for CASH transactions. When proper change is not available, the amount owing after tax will be rounded to the nearest. 05. Rounded down: If the last digit of the amount is 1, 2, 6 or 7. Rounded up: If the last digit of the amount is 3, 4, 8 or 9. Rounding does not apply to Debit, Credit or Gift Card payments, unless it is a split payment, in which case, split payment rules apply. On split payment transactions, if cash is the last method of payment used, the amount owing will be subjected to rounding. If cash is not the last payment type tendered, no rounding will take effect. You can still pay the unrounded total in cash if you have the correct change. For example, if the amount owing after tax is 10. 03, and you have 3 pennies, you can pay the unrounded total. These rules apply to U. S. currency as well. Canadian Tire Money will be issued on the pre-rounded amount. Rounding will also be applied to refunds paid out in cash. Purchases made with Gift Cards will be settled to the exact amount. Auto Work orders are also subject to rounding, which is done at the register. Therefore, the total on the work order may not match the total being paid at the register. {removed href} Returns.


Returns.


For items that have been delivered and are being returned, the portion of the shipping cost applicable to the item(s) being returned will not be refunded. {removed href} {removed href} Your Privacy Is Important to Us.


Your Privacy Is Important to Us.


Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited and its family of companies including Canadian Tire Financial Services Limited, Canadian Tire Bank, Canadian Tire Real Estate Limited, Marks Work Wearhouse Limited (Marks), The Forzani Group Ltd. (FGL), Canadian Tire Petroleum and PartSource are committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information obtained by reason of your doing business with {removed hyperref} Privacy Charter explains the types of customer personal information we collect, how it is used and the steps we take to ensure your personal information is handled {removed hyperref} Tire stores and certain Marks, FGL and PartSource stores are owned and operated by independent dealers or franchisees. Canadian Tire gas bars are operated under license by independent retailers. As independent businesses, these dealers, franchisees, and retailers are responsible under applicable laws for adopting their own privacy policies to protect your personal information in a manner consistent with this Privacy {removed hyperref} member of the Canadian Tire family of companies collects information necessary to do business with you. Please review the below sections for more specific details on what information each company may collect and how we use it. {removed href} The Privacy Charter is our commitment to you. It is our organization-wide policy on how all companies in the Canadian Tire family protect your personal information. {removed href} Policy on Privacy of Customer Personal Information.


Policy on Privacy of Customer Personal Information.


Canadian Tire is committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information obtained by reason of your customer relationship with Canadian Tire. The Canadian Tire Privacy Charter (PRIVACY CHARTER) explains the types of customer personal information we collect, how it is used, and the steps we take to ensure your personal information is handled appropriately. This Privacy Charter applies to our customer personal information practices in our stores, on our websites, mobile applications and through other interactions with {removed hyperref} policies and practices have been designed to comply with the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) and provincial private sector privacy acts. Our Privacy Charter may be amended from time to time. A copy of the most current version of our Privacy Charter may be obtained on our website or by contacting us (See Contact Information, below). We encourage you to review the current Privacy Charter from time to time. A list of frequently asked privacy questions (FAQS) is also available on our website to provide you with examples of how your personal information may be collected, used and disclosed. {removed href} Who is Canadian Tire?


Who is Canadian Tire?


For purposes of this Privacy Charter, Canadian Tire means Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited and its family of companies including Canadian Tire Financial Services Limited, Canadian Tire Bank, Canadian Tire Real Estate Limited, Marks, FGL Sports Ltd., Canadian Tire Petroleum and PartSource. Canadian Tire also includes any successors or subsidiaries of the above-listed companies. Canadian Tire stores and certain Marks and FGL stores are owned and operated by independent dealers or franchisees. Canadian Tire gas bars are operated under license by independent retailers. As independent businesses within the Canadian Tire family of companies, these dealers, franchisees, and retailers are responsible under applicable laws for adopting their own privacy policies to protect your personal information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Charter. {removed href} What is personal information?


What is personal information?


Personal information is information about an identifiable individual. Personal information includes your name, address, age, income, date of birth, gender, financial information and credit records, as well as your opinions, preferences and purchase patterns. {removed href} Privacy Principles:


Privacy Principles:


1. WE ARE ACCOUNTABLE TO YOU Canadian Tire is responsible for all personal information in its custody and under its control, including any personal information that is transferred to third parties for processing, storage or other purposes. To achieve this objective, Canadian Tire has developed and implemented this Privacy Charter as part of our overall privacy framework. 2. WHY WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION Canadian Tire identifies the purpose for which your personal information is collected. We do this before or at the time the information is being collected. We may collect, use and disclose your personal information in order to: process and administer your payment for the purchase of products or services, if you purchase online or use a debit or credit card for the purchase in one of our stores; process your application for a product, provide a service, or administer the Canadian Tire loyalty reward program or other loyalty or preferred customer programs that may exist from time to time (each a LOYALTY PROGRAM); better understand your product and services needs and to offer relevant information, products, services, rewards and programs to meet those needs, including sending you (and others on your behalf) communications by way of postal mail, e-mail, facsimile, telephone, text message, or other type of electronic message; support business purposes and programs for you and other customers; solicit feedback to provide product insights including to other customers, product reviews, improve our products and services, and generate content for our website; determine your interest and eligibility for, and where appropriate provide you with, products, services, rewards and programs; administer the delivery, return or exchange of products, services, rewards and programs to you; track and analyze your purchases, other transactions, shopping patterns, account activity, and payment history for marketing analysis purposes or tailoring promotional offers to you; track and analyze website use to provide a better customer experience such as customized offers and advertisements; conduct surveys and analysis for research, statistical and product development purposes (information will be de-identified to the extent possible); verify your identity and protect against error and fraud; manage and assess our risk; assess and update your credit-worthiness on an ongoing basis; process, service, analyze and audit your relationship with us, including collecting any money you owe us; support promotions and contest administration; perform tests to implement or modify systems; comply with applicable legal, regulatory and self-regulatory requirements; process and respond to your application for employment; respond to your questions, comments or requests to customer service; and achieve other purposes as may, from time to time, be permitted or required by {removed hyperref} may also collect contact information about your friends and family members when you participate in one of our refer-a-friend programs. In these instances, we may send a message to your friend or family member on your behalf. Please ensure that you only submit email addresses of individuals with whom you have a personal or family relationship and who would want to receive the message from you. BY PROVIDING YOUR INFORMATION TO CANADIAN TIRE, YOU CONSENT TO CANADIAN TIRE USING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES OUTLINED ABOVE. Withdrawal of consent to collect, use and disclose your personal information may restrict our ability to provide you with some products and services, such as the privileges and opportunities of being a member of a Loyalty Program. 3. WE OBTAIN YOUR CONSENT TO COLLECT, USE OR DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION Canadian Tire obtains your consent to collect, use or disclose your personal information, except as otherwise permitted by law. The method of obtaining consent may depend on the circumstances and the sensitivity of the information. Consent may be oral or written, express or implied. Your express consent (verbal, written or electronic agreement) is generally obtained to collect, use or disclose sensitive personal information. BENEFITS YOU RECEIVE THROUGH CONSENT Canadian Tire is a growing network of interrelated businesses offering a unique mix of products and services. We want to give you exceptional customer service and additional value which is facilitated by sharing your information within Canadian Tire and across our various businesses. This sharing enables us to better understand our customers, notify current and new customers of products, services, rewards and special offers they might enjoy. We may also provide your personal information to Canadian Tire affiliates or other third-party marketing partners (MARKETING PARTNERS), including under a Loyalty Program, so that they can notify you directly of products, services, rewards and special offers that may be of interest to you. These notices may be given to you by postal mail, e-mail, facsimile, telephone, text message or other form of electronic message using the contact information that you provide to us. OPTING-OUT OR WITHDRAWING YOUR CONSENT If you decide that you do not want to receive marketing offers for products and services, you may always withdraw or refuse your consent by clicking on the unsubscribe link in our email communications or by contacting us as set out in Section 10 below. Your request will be promptly processed but may not be in time to remove you from promotions already in progress. Please note that even if you have opted out of receiving marketing communications, we may still contact you for purposes of administering your account and sending you transactional or operational messages. THE CONSEQUENCES OF WITHDRAWING OR REFUSING CONSENT If you decide to withdraw or refuse your consent, our ability to communicate with you may be diminished. For example, we will generally not be able to tell you about price discounts, rewards, customized balance transfer offers, contests, or other products and services that may be of value to you. 4. WE LIMIT COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION Canadian Tire collects the information required to provide products and services to you and as otherwise outlined in this Privacy Charter. If the personal information we require is collected for a reason other than as outlined in this Privacy Charter, your consent will be obtained before or at the time the information is collected or as otherwise permitted by applicable law. Canadian Tire will collect personal information by clear, fair and lawful means. 5. WE LIMIT USE, DISCLOSURE AND RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION Canadian Tire uses and discloses your personal information for the purposes for which it was collected, except with your consent or as otherwise required or permitted by applicable law. We do not sell or rent personal information. We may transfer your personal information to entities outside Canadian Tire, such as our vendors, suppliers and agents (SERVICE PROVIDER) who require the information in order to perform a service for us. When your personal information is transferred to a Service Provider, we require them to protect the information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Charter. Our Service Providers may be located outside of Canada and may be required to disclose your personal information under the laws of their jurisdiction. You may contact us for information about our policies and practices regarding Service Providers to whom we have transferred your personal information and their locations (see Contact Information, below). Canadian Tire retains your personal information as long as it is required for our business relationship or as required by {removed hyperref} the event that Canadian Tire, any of its affiliated companies, brands or substantially all of their assets are acquired by an unrelated third party, your personal information may be one of the transferred assets. By providing your personal information to us, you agree that we may disclose your personal information, on a confidential basis, to any prospective transferee and its professional advisors for the purposes of their due diligence investigations, the completion of any such transaction and the continued operation of the acquired {removed hyperref} Tire, our various businesses within the Canadian Tire family of companies and Service Providers may provide your personal information in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry or order, or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law, or as otherwise required or permitted by applicable Canadian or other law. We may also disclose personal information where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims and to investigate or prevent actual or suspected loss or harm to persons or property. 6. WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION ACCURATE We want to keep your personal information up-to-date, accurate and relevant for its intended use. We rely on you to let us know if your address, telephone number or other information you provide us changes, so that we may provide you with the best possible service. 7. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION The security of your personal information is important to us. We have implemented appropriate technical, physical and administrative safeguards and security measures designed to protect your personal information. All of our Service Providers are required under their contracts with us to maintain your confidentiality and may not use your information for any unauthorized purpose. When we are required by law to provide information, we take reasonable steps to verify the lawful authority for the collection and we disclose only the information that is legally required. We review our procedures and security measures regularly to ensure that they are properly administered and remain effective and appropriate for the sensitivity of the information. 8. WE ARE OPEN ABOUT OUR PRIVACY PRACTICES We are committed to providing you with understandable and easily available information about our policies and practices related to management of your personal information. 9. YOU CAN ACCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED BY US You have the right to access, update and correct inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody or control. To access your personal information, a request must be submitted in writing to us (see Contact Information below). We will respond to your request for access or information in a reasonable time. There may be times when we are unable to fulfill your request - for example, if providing access to your personal information would reveal confidential commercial or proprietary information or personal information about someone else (and we are unable to separate your data), or if we are prohibited by law from disclosing the information. We may request certain personal information for the purposes of verifying the identity of the individual seeking access to their personal information records. 10. WE RESPOND TO YOUR QUESTIONS, CONCERNS AND COMPLAINTS ABOUT PRIVACY Canadian Tire responds in a reasonable time to your questions, concerns and complaints about the privacy of your personal information and our privacy policies and procedures. We will investigate and respond to any concern you have regarding the handling of your personal information. In most cases, an issue can be resolved simply by telling us about it and discussing any issues. {removed href} Contact Us.


Contact Us.


CONTACT INFORMATION.


You may contact us: by calling our Customer Relationship Contact Centre at 1-866-846-5841 by e-mail at {removed hyperref} by mail at 3475 Superior Court, Oakville, ON L6L 0C6 - Re: Privacy Inquiries If your questions, concerns and complaints have not been resolved to your satisfaction or if you have further questions, you can contact Canadian Tires Chief Privacy Officer by mail at: Chief Privacy Officer c/o Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited, 2180 Yonge Street, P. O. Box 770, Station K, Toronto, ON M4P 2V8 or by email at {removed hyperref}. {removed href} Our privacy statement provides a quick reference to the key privacy points of the Privacy Charter. It also provides you information on your choices and important contact information. {removed href} Scope.


Scope.


Canadian Tire is committed to protecting and caring for your personal information that we obtain through your customer relationship with us. This statement highlights how Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited and its family of companies collects, uses and discloses your personal information. Canadian Tire means Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited and its family of companies including Canadian Tire Financial Services Limited, Canadian Tire Bank, Canadian Tire Real Estate Limited, Marks, FGL Sports Ltd., Canadian Tire Petroleum and PartSource. Canadian Tire also includes any successors or subsidiaries of these companies.


This statement applies to our customer personal information practices in our stores, on our websites, mobile applications and through other interactions with you. {removed href} Personal Information Collected.


Personal Information Collected.


Personal Information includes your name, address, email address, age, income, date of birth, gender, financial information and credit records, as well as your opinions, preferences and purchase patterns.


We obtain information directly from you from when you apply for or purchase a product or a service or enroll in the Canadian Tire loyalty reward program or other loyalty or preferred customer programs that may exist from time to time (each a Loyalty Program). We also obtain information through your other interactions with us, such as surveys, websites activities, call monitoring and contests.


We may obtain information with your consent from third parties, such as your credit history which is obtained from credit bureaus. {removed href} Uses.


Uses.


Your personal information is only used or disclosed for the purpose for which it was collected or as otherwise permitted or required by law, for example with credit bureaus, regulators and law enforcement agencies.


We do not sell or rent personal information. We only transfer your personal information within Canadian Tire and to current or future Partners in the Loyalty Program or other loyalty or preferred customer programs.


We use your personal information in order to process your application for a product, service or Loyalty Program and administer delivery of products, services and loyalty rewards. We also use your information to better understand your product and service needs and to offer relevant information, products, services and rewards to meet those needs, as well as to improve our products, services and website. Your purchases and other transactions, shopping patterns, account activity and payment history is tracked and analyzed for marketing purposes and for making promotional offers to you. For a full list of why we collect your personal information, see our Privacy Charter and FAQ.


We may transfer your Personal Information within Canadian Tire and to third party service providers who assist us in serving you, such as vendors, suppliers and agents; however, we require them to protect your information in a manner consistent with our Privacy Charter. Our service providers may be located outside of Canada and may be required to disclose personal information under the laws of their jurisdiction. {removed href} Choices.


Choices.


You may access, update or correct your personal information that we have in our custody or control by submitting a written request to us.


If you decide that you do not want your personal information used or shared for marketing products and services to you, you may opt out of receiving promotional offers and contests at any time by calling us toll-free at 1-866-846-5841. {removed href} Important Information.


Important Information.


For full details of Canadian Tires privacy policy, go to {removed href} {removed hyperref} to view our Privacy Charter. For frequently asked questions concerning our privacy policy, go to {removed href} {removed hyperref}. {removed href} How to Reach Us.


How to Reach Us.


By calling our Customer Relationship Contact Centre at 1-866-846-5841 By e-mail at {removed href} {removed hyperref} By mail at 3475 Superior Court, Oakville, ON L6L 0C6 Re: Privacy Inquiries.


If your questions, concerns and complaints have not been resolved to your satisfaction or if you have further questions, you can contact: Canadian Tires Chief Privacy Officer by mail at Chief Privacy Officer c/o Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited, 2180 Yonge Street, P. O. Box 770, Station K, Toronto, ON M4P 2V8 or by email at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. {removed href} Canadian Tire knows that our customers trust us with their personal information and we intend to continually earn that trust by treating your personal information with care. Canadian Tire has a Privacy Charter which explains how we collect, use and disclose the personal information of our customers. The Privacy Charter and these frequently asked questions are available on our website, {removed href} {removed hyperref} under PRIVACY AND SECURITY or on request.


TABLE OF CONTENTS 1. Who is Canadian Tire? 2. What is personal information? 3. Why do we need your personal information? 4. Why do we ask for your Social Insurance Number (SIN)? 5. When do we need a credit bureau report? 6. How do we obtain your consent to use your personal information? 7. What information do we need from you? 8. Why do we record our calls? 9. Why do we use video surveillance? 10. What are cookies and what information is collected online? 11. Why do we share your information? 12. How can you opt-out of receiving marketing? 13. Why do we contact you for feedback and reviews? 14. How can you review and/or obtain copies of the personal information we have about you? 15. How can you ask further questions?


{removed href} Who is Canadian Tire?


Who is Canadian Tire?


Canadian Tire is Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited and its family of companies including Canadian Tire Financial Services Limited, Canadian Tire Bank, Canadian Tire Real Estate Limited, Marks, FGL Sports Ltd., Canadian Tire Petroleum and PartSource. Canadian Tire also includes any successors or subsidiaries of the above-listed companies. Canadian Tire stores and certain Marks and FGL stores are owned and operated by independent dealers or franchisees. Canadian Tire gas bars are operated under license by independent retailers. As independent businesses, these dealers, franchisees, and retailers are responsible under applicable laws for adopting their own privacy policies to protect your personal information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Charter. {removed href} What is personal information?


What is personal information?


Personal information means information about an identifiable individual. Personal information includes name, address, email address, age, income, date of birth, financial information and credit records, as well as your opinions, preferences and purchase patterns. {removed href} Why do we need your personal information?


Why do we need your personal information?


You do not have to provide us with personal information to purchase merchandise, but in certain instances, we need your personal information in order to do business with you. Following are some examples of the personal information that our Retail Services, Financial Services and the Canadian Tire loyalty reward program or other loyalty or preferred customer programs (each Loyalty Program) need and why.


Retail Services Most of the information collected about you for retail services is very basic information that we need to complete a purchase, provide you with a refund or exchange or process and keep track of transactions. Examples of information that may be collected to complete an in-person purchase, or refund may include things such as your name, address, telephone number, and a description of the item requested or purchased.


Generally, we request your address and phone number only if the item you purchased will be sent to you at a later date, or if you are receiving a refund.


You may visit one of Canadian Tires websites just to browse, or make an online purchase. If you make a purchase, we collect personal information such as your name, address, email address, phone number, and credit card information. For details about the information we collect on our Website, see the section below on Cookies.


Financial ServicesBanks and financial institutions require certain information in order to open credit-related accounts and deposit accounts. For example, name, address and date of birth are required to identify you and process your application; information about your background (for example, occupation) and financial circumstances like assets, income, other financial commitments, to determine if you are eligible for products and services; credit reports and other information to assess and update your credit worthiness; transactional and payment patterns to identify credit risk, fraud risk, and suspicious activities and to fulfill regulatory obligations such as anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing {removed hyperref} on the financial product, some information is required by law. For example, your name, address, date of birth, employment information and details of government issued identification documents are required under anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing regulations, and your social insurance number (SIN) is required for reporting purposes under the Income Tax Act.


Demographic {removed hyperref} may use personal information in an aggregated, de-identified form about our customers to improve our services, to study trends, for statistical analysis, to develop products and programs, for marketing purposes and/or for industry reporting purposes. We may share such aggregated, de-identified information with members of the Canadian Tire family of companies, our partners, our agents, service providers and advertisers. {removed href} When do we ask for your Social Insurance Number (SIN)?


When do we ask for your Social Insurance Number (SIN)?


Financial Services.


When you apply for products such as a deposit account or GIC, we are required to collect your SIN for reporting purposes under the Income Tax Act.


We may also ask for your SIN for other purposes, however, providing your SIN for other purposes is optional. Your SIN is used by credit bureaus/consumer reporting agencies to distinguish you from others with a similar name and your SIN provides us with more accurate credit bureau/consumer reporting agency information. We do not treat you differently because you choose not to disclose your SIN for these other purposes. If you do provide it to us, it makes the exchange of information with credit bureaus/consumer reporting agencies more timely and accurate. {removed href} When do we need a credit bureau report.


When do we need a credit bureau report.


Financial ServicesIf you are applying for a credit-related product or service, we need a credit bureau report on you to determine your credit-worthiness and the appropriateness of granting you credit and we will continue to obtain credit reports, from time to time, to update your credit-worthiness in order to administer the credit facility or loan. The credit/consumer reporting system relies on the accuracy and completeness of the information provided to credit bureaus/consumer reporting agencies. As such, during the term of a credit facility or loan, we will collect, use, or share your personal information with the credit bureaus/consumer reporting agencies to support and maintain the integrity of the credit/consumer reporting system. However, if an account is closed voluntarily with no balance remaining on the account, we will stop providing the related account information to the credit bureaus. {removed href} How do we obtain your consent to use your personal information?


How do we obtain your consent to use your personal information?


We obtain your consent in different ways depending on the circumstances and the sensitivity of the information. Consent may be oral or written, express or implied. Your express consent (verbal, written or electronic agreement) will generally be obtained to collect, use or disclose sensitive personal information such as your personal financial information. We may rely on implied consent to collect, use or disclose your personal information in circumstances where a customer relationship already exists or the purpose of using the personal information is reasonably apparent to you.


In certain circumstances, the law permits or requires that we collect, use or share your personal information without your consent. For example, we may provide your personal information in response to a search warrant, or other legally valid inquiry, or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or a contravention of law, to realize on security pledged for a loan, or to investigate or prevent loss or harm to persons or property. {removed href} What information do we need from you?


What information do we need from you?


In order to provide you with products or services, administer your account and provide you with exceptional customer service, there is certain personal information that our Retail Services (for example, Canadian Tire retail, Marks, Canadian Tire Petroleum, FGL and Partsource), Financial Services (for example, Canadian Tire Financial Services Limited and Canadian Tire Bank) and Loyalty Program may need from you. The following are some examples of the information that we may need from you and why.


Retail Services Marks has created an online database on {removed hyperref}. Customers may register on the database to enable tracking of on-line purchases at {removed hyperref}. Registration is entirely voluntary and customers may correct their information or remove themselves from the database at any time. Marks may also collect personal information about employees of various companies who are Marks corporate clients. For example, a company may contract with Marks to supply all of its employee uniforms. When the employee makes his or her purchase, Marks collects information about the nature of that employees purchases, and may provide that information to the employer.


Sometimes you may voluntarily provide information to Marks. For example, this occurs when you fill out Marks Customer Satisfaction Survey. The goal of this program is to gauge customer feedback via both an Internet and telephone survey. The survey will ask customers a variety of questions regarding their most recent experience at the store and will help ensure that we consistently deliver an excellent customer experience. Marks uses that information to respond to your query, and to keep track of customer feedback, which enables us to continuously improve.


Canadian Tire online may collect your name, email, postal code, country and phone number in order to provide you with information on upcoming sales. Marks may collect your email address, name, address, city, province, country, postal code, gender, household income and age range in order to provide you with advance notice of upcoming promotions and exclusive offers, news of on-line and in-store special event, information on products and services and notices of contests. PartSource may collect your name, email and postal code in order to send you a monthly e-newsletter and money saving coupon offers.


Financial ServicesWe need your name and address in order to prepare and send you a monthly statement for your card account.


Canadian Tire Bank is also required by law to know its customers and to verify the identity of its customers before entering into a business relationship or opening an account. Canadian Tire Bank uses third parties including credit bureaus/consumer reporting agencies for these purposes and we need your consent to do this. If you do not provide us with your consent, we cannot enter into a business relationship with you or open an account for you. {removed href} Why do we record our calls?


Why do we record our calls?


Your customer experience is important to us which is why we train our customer service representatives on an ongoing basis. It is important for us to understand how our representatives are handling your questions and concerns. As such, if you have a telephone conversation with our representatives, we may monitor the call for training and quality control purposes. Please be aware, certain calls may be recorded for record keeping purposes. For example, your call may be recorded when you apply for a product or service, or authorize us to activate or enrol you in a product or service by phone. We will inform you before proceeding with the call if it will be monitored or recorded for these purposes. {removed href} Why do we use video surveillance?


Why do we use video surveillance?


Many of our retail stores, including Canadian Tire, Marks, PartSource, FGL and Canadian Tire Gas Bars are equipped with surveillance cameras. These cameras are in place for your safety as a customer, as well as for the safety of our own employees and to protect us against shoplifting or vandalism. If a store has a camera, there will be signs posted alerting you to that. The information on our video systems that record your image are typically kept for a short period of time before they are overwritten with new information or deleted. They are only shared with appropriate third parties under circumstances where Canadian Tire is required or authorized by law to do so. See question 6 above for further information. {removed href} What are cookies and what information is collected online?


What are cookies and what information is collected online?


In general, you can visit our websites without telling us who you are or submitting any personal information. However, we collect the IP (Internet protocol) addresses of all visitors to our websites and other related information such as page requests, browser type, operating system and average time spent on our websites. We use this information to help us understand our website activity, and to monitor and improve our websites.


Cookies are small text files that contain a unique identifier which is placed on your computer when you visit a website. When you visit a website, the website saves the file with a matching identifier. When you revisit the site days or weeks later, the site can recognize you by matching the cookie on your computer with the matching identifier in its database. We use cookies on the pages on our websites where you are prompted to log in or that are customizable. These cookies may let us know who you are and will provide us and our service providers with information (such as your language choice) that we use to personalize our websites in accordance with your preferences. You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to not accept certain cookies. However, if you decide not to accept cookies from our websites, you may not be able to take advantage of all of the features of our websites.


We may also use a technology called tracer tags or Web Beacons. This technology allows us to understand which pages you visit on our website or what email communications you receive and open. For example, the information we collect through this technology may include the first date and time you open our email, and whether you click any links included in our email, This information helps us optimize and tailor our websites and marketing communications for you and others. We may offer you the opportunity to engage with our content on or through third-party social networking websites, plug-ins and applications. When you engage with our content on or through third-party social networking websites, plug-ins and applications, you may allow us to have access to certain information associated with your social media account (e. g., name, username, email address, profile picture, gender) to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the website, plug-in or application. When you provide information from your social media account, we may use this information to personalize your experience on our websites and on the third-party social networking websites, plug-ins and applications, and to provide you with other products or services you may request. {removed href} Why do we share your information?


Why do we share your information?


We may need to transfer your personal information in order to provide you with the products and services you have requested. The following are examples of why our Retail Services (Canadian Tire stores, Marks, FGL and PartSource), Financial Services (Canadian Tire Financial Services Limited and Canadian Tire Bank) and Loyalty Program need to share your information.


We may need to share your personal information with affiliates and/or service providers such as credit bureaus/consumer reporting agencies, data storage providers, data and payment processors, credit card printers, cheque printers, claims processors, collection agencies, statement producers and mailing houses (i. e., to mail your statement; to provide any necessary legal communications) in order to provide certain services to you. We limit the information we share to only what is required to perform the service. We do not necessarily share your personal information with each and every type of company listed above. The personal information we share with other companies will naturally depend on the products and services you are receiving.


Designated employees may collect, use, and exchange personal information with other financial institutions and other entities as permitted by law, such as investigative bodies and law enforcement.


There is a close relationship between Canadian Tire Financial Services Limited and Canadian Tire Bank, as such sharing is necessary between the entities in order to provide services to you, eg. Canadian Tire Financial Services Limited operates a call centre that provides call centre services to Canadian Tire Bank. {removed href} How can you opt-out of receiving marketing?


How can you opt-out of receiving marketing?


You may decide that you do not want your personal information used or shared for marketing purposes. If this is the case, you may always withdraw or refuse your consent at any time by contacting us using the information set out in Section 15 below. We will process your request as soon as possible but it may not be in time to remove you from promotions already in progress. Please remember that even if you have opted out of receiving marketing communications, we may still contact you for non-marketing purposes such as fraud, collections, account maintenance and transactional and/or operational purposes. {removed href} Why do we contact you for feedback and reviews?


Why do we contact you for feedback and reviews?


We may occasionally contact you to request feedback on our performance. For example, you may be contacted with a request to complete a customer satisfaction survey, provide a product review or rate an experience.


There may also be circumstances where we might ask you to assist us and our community of customers by contributing content for our websites. This can include writing a product review, answering a product question asked by another customer or allowing us to share a photo from a social media post that uses one of our hashtags or tags us or our products. These requests are voluntary, you never have to provide feedback, answer questions or allow us to re-post a photo if you dont want to. {removed href} How can you review and/or obtain copies of the personal information we have about you?


How can you review and/or obtain copies of the personal information we have about you?


Once we receive your written request, our goal is to respond to your request within thirty (30) days of receipt. If, for some reason, we are unable to respond to your request within this time frame, we will contact you and explain the reason for delay.


There may be times where the law permits us to refuse your request to access your personal information. For example, if providing access to your personal information would reveal confidential commercial or proprietary information or personal information about someone else (and we are unable to separate your data), we may be unable to fulfill your request.


If we refuse access to your personal information, we will contact you directly. If you wish, you may then choose to file a complaint with the Privacy Commissioner of Canada.


You can request access to your personal information stored by us. Your request must be submitted in writing to:


Canadian Tire 3475 Superior Court, Oakville, ON L6L 0C6 Re: Privacy Inquiries {removed href} How can you ask further questions?


How can you ask further questions?


If you have further questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies or procedures, or if you would like to review, verify or amend your personal information, please do not hesitate to contact us. You may contact us: by calling our Customer Relationship Contact Centre at 1-866-846-5841 by email at {removed hyperref} by mail at 3475 Superior Court, Oakville, ON L6L 0C6 - Re: Privacy Inquiries.


If your questions, concerns and complaints have not been resolved to your satisfaction or if you have further questions, you can contact Canadian Tires Chief Privacy Officer by mail at: Chief Privacy Officer c/o Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited, 2180 Yonge Street, P. O. Box 770, Station K, Toronto, ON M4P 2V8 or by email at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. {removed href} PROVIDING GOODS AND SERVICES TO PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES {removed href} Who is Canadian Tire?


Who is Canadian Tire?


For purposes of this Customer Service Accessibility Policy, Canadian Tire means Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited and its family of companies including Canadian Tire Bank, Canadian Tire Services Limited, Canadian Tire Real Estate Limited, Marks Work Wearhouse Ltd. (Marks), FGL Sports Ltd. (FGL), Canadian Tire Petroleum, PartSource and Padinox Inc. Canadian Tire also includes any successors or subsidiaries of the above-listed companies. 1.


{removed href} Our Commitment.


Our Commitment.


We are committed to eliminating barriers and improving accessibility for persons with disabilities and to providing goods and services in a way that respects the dignity and independence of people with disabilities. People with disabilities will be given the same opportunity to access and benefit from our goods and services, in the same place and in a similar way as other customers. {removed href} Communication.


Communication.


When communicating with a person who has a disability, we will communicate in a manner that takes into account the persons {removed hyperref} will train employees who communicate with customers on how to interact and communicate with people with various types of disabilities. {removed href} Telephone Services.


Telephone Services.


We are committed to providing fully accessible telephone services to our customers. We will train employees to communicate with customers over the telephone in clear and plain language. {removed href} Assistive Devices.


Assistive Devices.


We are committed to serving persons with disabilities who use assistive devices to obtain, use or benefit from our goods and services. We will ensure that our employees are trained and familiar with various assistive devices that may be used by customers with disabilities while accessing our goods or {removed hyperref} will also ensure that our employees know how to use assistive devices that are available in various locations for customers use. {removed href} Service Animals.


Service Animals.


We welcome persons with disabilities who are accompanied by service animals. Service animals are allowed on the parts of our premises that are open to the {removed hyperref} a service animal is legally excluded from some parts of the premises, we will provide alternative measures to enable the person to obtain, use or benefit from our {removed hyperref} will ensure that all employees are properly trained on how to interact with people with disabilities who are accompanied by a service animal. {removed href} Support Persons.


Support Persons.


Any person with a disability who is accompanied by a support person will be allowed to enter our premises with his or her support person. At no time will a person with a disability who is accompanied by a support person be prevented from having access to his or her support person while on our premises. {removed href} Notice of Temporary Disruption in Service.


Notice of Temporary Disruption in Service.


We will provide customers with notice in the event of a planned or unexpected disruption in the facilities or services usually used by persons with disabilities. This notice will include information about the reason for the disruption, its anticipated duration, and a description of alternative facilities or services, if {removed hyperref} notice will be placed at all public entrances and at the point of disruption. This notice will be provided in accessible formats as required. {removed href} Training.


Training.


We will provide training to all employees, volunteers and others who deal with the public or other third parties on behalf of CTC, and to all individuals who are involved in the development and approval of the customer service policies, practices and {removed hyperref} must be completed during the employee orientation {removed hyperref} will include: A review of the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 and the requirements of the Customer Service Standard. How to interact and communicate with people with various types of disabilities. How to interact with people with disabilities who use an assistive device or require the assistance of a service animal or support person. How to use the equipment or assistive devices that are available on our premises or that we otherwise provide that may help with the provision of goods and services to people with disabilities. What to do if a person with a disability is having difficulty in accessing our goods and services. Canadian Tires policies, practices and procedures governing the provision of goods or services to people with {removed hyperref} records will be kept, including the dates when the training is delivered the number of employees to whom the training was provided and their names. {removed href} Feedback Process.


Feedback Process.


The ultimate goal of Canadian Tire is to meet and surpass customer expectations while serving customers with disabilities. Comments on our services regarding how well those expectations are being met are welcome and {removed hyperref} regarding the way Canadian Tire provides goods and services to people with disabilities can be made by completing the feedback form, sending an e-mail to the store (form and address details available through customer service desk) or by speaking directly with a manager on duty. All feedback will be directed to the store manager. We will make all reasonable efforts to address concerns or complaints promptly. {removed href} Click here to obtain a copy of the Customer Feedback Form. {removed href} Availability of Accessible Customer Service Documents.


Availability of Accessible Customer Service Documents.


We shall, upon request, give a copy of this policy to any person. Requests for accessible customer service documents should be made to the store manager or supervisor on duty. If a person with a disability requests a copy of this policy, we will provide the policy, or the information contained within the policy, in a format which takes into account the persons disability. {removed href} Scope.


Scope.


This policy applies to the provision of goods and services at all Canadian Tire locations and addresses the Customer Service requirements. As a reflection of our commitment to the principles of accessible customer service, all efforts will be made to apply these accessible customer service principles to the provision of goods and services in other Canadian Jurisdictions. {removed href} Modifications to This or Other Policies.


Modifications to This or Other Policies.


We are committed to developing customer service policies that respect and promote the dignity and independence of people with disabilities. Therefore no change will be made to this policy before considering the impact on people with {removed hyperref} policy of Canadian Tire that does not respect and promote the dignity and independence of people with disabilities will be modified or removed. {removed href} Questions About This Policy.


Questions About This Policy.


This policy exists to achieve service excellence to customers with disabilities. If anyone has a question about the policy, or if the purpose of a policy is not understood, please speak to the store manager or supervisor on duty, who will escalate your question or concern accordingly. 1 Canadian Tire stores and certain Marks, FGL and PartSource stores are owned and operated by independent dealers or franchisees. Canadian Tire gas bars are operated under license by independent retailers. As independent businesses, these dealers, franchisees, and retailers are responsible under applicable laws for adopting their own customer service accessibility policies that are consistent with this Policy.


Some businesses within the Canadian Tire family may have developed their own retail specific customer service accessibility policy. Should there be a conflict between a retail specific customer service accessibility policy and the Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited Customer Service Accessibility Policy, the one which offers the greater accommodation to our customers shall govern. {removed href} PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEB SITE. Your use of {removed hyperref} is expressly conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the following terms and conditions (the Terms and Conditions). By using {removed hyperref}, you signify your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions. CANADIAN TIRE CORPORATION, LIMITED (Canadian Tire) may, in its sole discretion and for any reason, modify, supplement or amend these Terms and Conditions without any notice or liability to you or any other person, by posting revised Terms and Conditions on the {removed hyperref} web site. Your continued use of the {removed hyperref} web site signifies your acceptance of such revised Terms and Conditions, so check back frequently to read the most recent version. {removed href} Ownership.


Ownership.


The {removed hyperref} web site, its design, all text, graphics, content, video, audio and the selection and arrangement thereof are the property of Canadian Tire, and/or its various subsidiaries, affiliates, Canadian Tire Associate Dealers, third party providers and distributors (Third Parties), and are protected under the copyright laws of Canada and other countries. None of the content found on {removed hyperref} may be reproduced, republished, distributed, displayed, sold, transferred, or modified without the express written permission of Canadian Tire and/or the applicable Third {removed hyperref} Tire, {removed hyperref}, and all other Canadian Tire related trademarks and design marks displayed on {removed hyperref} (collectively, the Trademarks) are registered and common law trademarks of Canadian Tire. Other trademarks and design marks appearing on this web site are trademarks of their respective owners. The trademarks of MasterCard International Incorporated are used under license. Nothing contained on {removed hyperref} should be construed as granting, by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademarks, including the Trademarks, except with the express written permission of Canadian Tire or such other party that may own the applicable trademarks. {removed href} Use of Site.


Use of Site.


Neither the {removed hyperref} web site nor its content may be, in whole or in part, copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed without the written permission of Canadian Tire, except that you may download, display and print the content presented on {removed hyperref} for your personal, non-commercial use only. Unauthorized use of {removed hyperref} and/or the content contained on {removed hyperref} may violate applicable copyright, trademark or other intellectual property laws or other laws. You must retain all copyright and trademark notices, including any other proprietary notices, contained within the content on this web site. The use of such content on any other web site or in any environment of networked computers is {removed hyperref} are prohibited from contributing, posting or transmitting to this web site any infringing, unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, indecent, inflammatory, pornographic or profane content or any content that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any {removed hyperref} {removed hyperref} website is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. Use of the {removed hyperref} website is void where prohibited by applicable {removed hyperref} its sole discretion, in addition to any other rights or remedies available to Canadian Tire and without any liability whatsoever, Canadian Tire at any time and without notice may terminate or restrict your access to any component of {removed hyperref}. {removed href} User Name and Password.


User Name and Password.


Your {removed hyperref} website account may be accessed only by use of your login name and password. You are solely responsible and liable for any use and misuse of your login name and password and for all activities that occur under your login name and password. For security reasons, you must keep your login name and password confidential and not disclose them to any person or permit any other person to use them, except an authorized Canadian Tire representative. Canadian Tire recommends that you choose a password that is unique to you and not easily guessed by others. You should change your password on a regular basis, and you must log out at the end of each {removed hyperref} login names and passwords remain the property of Canadian Tire, and may be cancelled or suspended at any time by Canadian Tire without any notice or liability to you or any other person. Canadian Tire is not under any obligation to verify the actual identity or authority of the user of any login name or {removed hyperref} must immediately notify Canadian Tire of any unauthorized use of your login name or password, or if you know or suspect that your login name or password has been lost or stolen, has become known to any other person, or has been otherwise compromised. {removed href} Privacy.


Privacy.


You have read the {removed href} Canadian Tire Privacy Charter, the terms of which appear on {removed hyperref} and are incorporated into these Terms and Conditions, and agree that the terms of such policy are reasonable. You consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information by Canadian Tire and/or Third Parties in accordance with the terms of and for the purposes set forth in the Canadian Tire Privacy Policy. {removed href} Consumer Generated Content Guidelines.


Consumer Generated Content Guidelines.


{removed hyperref} is a public site; therefore, we ask that you follow some basic rules. We moderate all reviews before posting them and reserve the right to deny any review at our absolute discretion. Your review should describe your experience using the product and include details about what you liked or {removed hyperref} are some examples of the type of content that can cause a review to be denied: Offensive, abusive or prejudicial language Reviews that are not relevant to the product being reviewed Reviews that exceed 100 words Reviews that contain a price reference Reviews that attempt to solicit responses from others (creating a forum) Reviews that contain content about competitors Mentions of personally identifiable information Customer service issues, shipping issues, return policies or safety concerns. If you have concerns about the safety of a product, please contact us directly with the information provided below. Do not submit this feedback through a product {removed hyperref} Customer Relations: English: 1-800-387-8803French: 1-800-565-3356We reserve the right not to publish your review should these Guidelines or Terms and Conditions be violated, or for any other reasons in our entire discretion. It is not possible for you to edit/remove your review after submission. However, if you wish to have your review removed, you can contact our Customer Relations team at EN: 1-800-387-8803 or FR: {removed hyperref} approved, your review will appear in its entirety. We will not edit any content. {removed href} eFLYER.


eFLYER.


The products and services advertised in the eFLYER are available at Canadian Tire Associate Stores in Canada. Canadian Tire Associate Stores are independently owned and operated by Canadian Tire Associate Dealers. {removed href} Pricing Policy.


Pricing Policy.


Canadian Tire has attempted to match online prices to those in store; however online prices, product and service selection and availability, and sale effective dates may differ from those in store and may vary by geographic region. Due to differences in sale effective dates across the country, items may be available online at the sale price before they are available in store. Dealers are under no obligation to make promotional products available, or to match online prices until the sale begins in their region. Market conditions and competitive pressures may cause prices and availability to change without further notice. Canadian Tire Associate Dealers may sell for less. Additionally, although great care is taken in the production of the {removed hyperref} web site, typographical, illustrative or pricing errors may occur. We reserve the right to correct errors at any {removed hyperref} prices quoted are payable in Canadian Dollars and, unless otherwise stated, do not include GST, PST, QST or {removed hyperref} Gift Card purchases, prices quoted are payable in Canadian Dollars and, unless otherwise stated, do not include shipping charges. Please see Canadian Tires Shipping Policy for shipping and handling of Gift Card {removed hyperref} e-FLYER and {removed hyperref} each offer limited-time sales values, special buys and items at Canadian Tires everyday low price. Regular prices shown are the prices at which the products have been sold by Canadian Tire as of the date of issuance indicated. A correctly completed Review and Submit page delivered by you to Canadian Tire constitutes your offer to purchase gift cards listed in your order. Your order shall be deemed to be accepted only at the point when Canadian Tire sends a shipping confirmation email to the email address you provided. If you would like to change your order, call Customer Service toll-free at 1-866-746-7287. Please have your order number ready when you place your call. Do not email us with a request, as emails may not be processed in sufficient time to effect a change to an order during high volume {removed hyperref} advertisements on the {removed hyperref} website are merely invitations for you to purchase goods or services from a Canadian Tire Associate Store, and are not offers to sell by Canadian {removed hyperref} Tire reserves the right to limit quantities; reject, correct, cancel or refuse orders, and to terminate accounts, in its discretion, including, without limitation, if Canadian Tire believes that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to the interests of Canadian Tire or any Third {removed hyperref} sizes quoted are approximate. Some items shown may require assembly. {removed href} Liability Disclaimer.


Liability Disclaimer.


Except as explicitly provided in these Terms and Conditions as amended from time to time, Canadian Tire and the Third Parties make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, regarding {removed hyperref} and/or any content provided on {removed hyperref}, all of which are provided on an as is and as available basis. Canadian Tire and the Third Parties do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, currency, reliability or suitability of the operation of {removed hyperref}, or any of the content or data found on {removed hyperref}, and expressly disclaim all warranties and conditions in respect of {removed hyperref}, its content or data, including implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, and those arising by statute or otherwise in law or from a course of dealing or usage of {removed hyperref} Tire and the Third Parties are not responsible for late, lost, incomplete, illegible, misdirected or stolen messages or mail, unavailable network connections, failed, incomplete, garbled or delayed computer transmissions, on-line failures, hardware, software or other technical malfunctions or disturbances or any other communications failures or circumstances affecting, disrupting or corrupting {removed hyperref} Tire and the Third Parties assume no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or any viruses affecting your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing on {removed hyperref} or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from {removed hyperref} no event shall Canadian Tire or any of the Third Parties be liable for any injury, loss, claim, damage, or any special, exemplary, punitive, direct, indirect, incidental or consequential damages of any kind (including, but not limited to lost profits or lost savings), whether based in contract, tort, strict liability, or otherwise, which arises out of or is in any way connected with any use of {removed hyperref} or content found herein, the operation of the web site, or any failure or delay in the operation of the website (including, but not limited to the inability to use any component of {removed hyperref} for purchases) even if advised of the possibility of {removed hyperref} are subject to the Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of Service (including the Google Privacy Policy), located at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. html, and {removed href} {removed hyperref}. html, respectively.


{removed href} Maximum Liability.


Maximum Liability.


If, notwithstanding the foregoing, Canadian Tire or any of the Third Parties should be found liable for any loss or damage which arises out of or is in any way connected with any of the functions or uses of {removed hyperref} or its content, the liability of Canadian Tire and the Third Parties shall in no event exceed in the aggregate 250 CAD. {removed href} Indemnification.


Indemnification.


You shall indemnify and save harmless Canadian Tire and the Third Parties and their respective officers, directors, employees, consultants, representatives and agents from and against any claim, cause of action or demand, including without limitation reasonable legal, accounting and other professional fees, brought as a result of your use of {removed hyperref}. {removed href} Links.


Links.


The {removed hyperref} web site contains links to web sites owned or operated by other entities which are not associated or affiliated with Canadian Tire or the Third Parties. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement, investigation or verification by Canadian Tire or the Third Parties of the linked web site or information contained therein or of their security or privacy practices. Canadian Tire and the Third Parties shall not be responsible for the content of any other linked web sites and makes no representation or warranty regarding any other web sites or the contents on such web sites. If you decide to access other web sites, you do so at your own risk. Framing of the {removed hyperref} web site or any of its content in any form and by any method is strictly prohibited. {removed href} Relationships.


Relationships.


The relationship between Canadian Tire and you will be that of independent contractors, and neither of us nor any of our respective officers, agents or employees will be held or construed to be partners, joint ventures, fiduciaries, employees or agents of the other as a result of these Terms and Conditions or your use of {removed hyperref}. {removed href} Governing Laws.


Governing Laws.


This Agreement and its performance shall be governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada. You consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in the City of Toronto, in the Province of Ontario, Canada, in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of {removed hyperref} and these Terms and Conditions. {removed href} Additional Terms.


Additional Terms.


Additional terms and conditions apply to purchases of products and services. Additional terms and conditions may also apply to specific web site functions available on {removed hyperref}. {removed href} Severability.


Severability.


These Terms and Conditions shall be deemed severable. In the event that any provision is determined to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision shall nonetheless be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions. {removed href} Headings.


Headings.


The headings used in these Terms and Conditions are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms and Conditions. {removed href} Entire Agreement.


Entire Agreement.


These Terms and Conditions, together with those incorporated or referred to herein, constitute the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter hereof, and supersede any prior understandings or agreements (whether electronic, oral or written) regarding the subject matter, and may not be amended or modified except by Canadian Tire as set forth above. {removed href} English Language.


English Language.


The parties have requested that these Terms and Conditions and all documents contemplated hereby be drawn up in English. Les parties aux prsentes ont exig que cette entente et tous autres documents envisags par les prsentes soient rdigs en anglais. {removed href} Triangle Rewards.


Triangle Rewards.


This page sets out important information about the Triangle Rewards program (the Program) the program that rewards you with electronic Canadian Tire Money when you shop at participating Canadian Tire stores, on-line at {removed hyperref} and at Canadian Tire gas bars. The Program is made available by Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited (referred to as Canadian Tire or we) on the following terms and conditions. Participating in the Program In order to collect and redeem electronic Canadian Tire Money (eCTM), you must become a member (a Member). Membership is open to you if you are an individual, you reside in Canada and you are of the age of majority in the province in which you reside. You can become a Member by (i) completing the registration process online at {removed hyperref} (the Program Website) or (ii) by downloading the Program application to your mobile phone or device (the Program App) which you can receive information on by calling Program customer service at 1-800-226-8473 or by visiting the Program Website, or (iii) by applying for a credit card issued by Canadian Tire Bank that is designated as being linked to the Program or by being issued a debit card connected to a bank account from Canadian Tire Bank that is designated as being linked to the Program (a Program Payment Card), or (iv) by calling customer service at 1-800-226-8473 after you have picked up a Triangle Rewards Card in store. If you apply for a credit card that is a Program Payment Card and are not approved you will still become a Member of the Triangle Rewards Program if you provided all of the necessary information unless, at time of application for such credit card, you were advised that you would have to enroll separately in the Triangle Rewards Program in the event your credit card application was declined or unless we otherwise notify you in writing. Triangle Rewards Cards Each Member may receive a Triangle Rewards Program card (a Triangle Rewards Card) that is linked to a Triangle Rewards Account. Your eCTM will be stored in that account. If you do not receive a Triangle Rewards Card you will need to use a Cardless Method (see below) when you collect or redeem eCTM. Any Program Payment Cards that are issued to a Member will also be linked to that Members Triangle Rewards Account. If a Member has multiple Program Payment Cards they cannot be linked to the same Triangle Rewards Account. A Member can request the issuance of additional Triangle Rewards Cards that have the same account number as that Members Triangle Rewards Account. Collecting electronic Canadian Tire Money eCTM can be collected when you purchase Eligible Merchandise (see below) at participating Canadian Tire stores or on-line at {removed hyperref} (or such other web site as may be designated by Canadian Tire from time to time). eCTM is calculated on the pre-tax, purchase amount (or eligible portion thereof) and is rounded to the nearest cent. To collect eCTM you must present a Triangle Rewards Card (or use a Cardless Method described below). You can also collect eCTM on that portion of a purchase charged to a Program Payment Card. The Program Payment Card must be linked to a Triangle Rewards Account at the time the purchase is made in order to collect eCTM. eCTM can also be collected when you purchase fuel (gasoline or diesel) at participating Canadian Tire gas bars and present a Triangle Rewards Card (or use a Cardless Method described below) and use a qualifying form of tender or if you pay for the purchase with a Program Payment Card. The amount of eCTM collected on fuel purchases depends on the number of litres purchased. A minimum fuel purchase may be required before eCTM can be collected. The rate of collection may vary from time to time and by location and by type of tender used for payment so check at your local Canadian Tire gas bar. eCTM can only be collected at Canadian Tire gas bars on fuel purchases. You can also collect eCTM on purchases that you make at other merchants that are charged to a Program Payment Card. eCTM that you collect at other merchants will also be rounded to the nearest cent. The rate at which eCTM can be collected may vary from time to time and by location and is subject to change by Canadian Tire without notice. In addition, you may collect eCTM at a different rate if you pay with a Program Payment Card than you would if you use a Triangle Rewards Card (or Cardless Method) or based on the type of Program Payment Card that you use. Please call 1-800-226-8473 for current rates. When shopping at Canadian Tire stores or gas bars, if you forget your Triangle Rewards Card or choose not to use it, you may still be able to collect eCTM on a qualifying purchase if you provide the telephone number that you gave when you enrolled as a Member or you scan at a compatible point of sale device your mobile phone or other mobile device on which you have downloaded the Program App (each of these is a Cardless Method). Purchases made in a foreign currency with a Program Payment Card are first converted into Canadian currency (as set out in the cardmember agreement) prior to calculating the amount of eCTM that you have collected. eCTM can only be collected on one Triangle Rewards Account for each purchase transaction. If you use a Triangle Rewards Card or Cardless Method, it must be swiped or scanned or your phone number provided, as the case may be, before you make your purchase. When shopping online at {removed hyperref} (or other website as designated by Canadian Tire), you must enter your Triangle Rewards Account number at check out to collect eCTM. Members are also eligible to collect bonus eCTM, or to collect eCTM at a promotional rate offered from time to time on the purchase of select items, upon the occurrence of certain events or as part of a promotion or offer, but unless otherwise indicated, bonus eCTM or eCTM awarded at a promotional rate is awarded only once for a transaction, or for the occurrence of an event, as the case may be. You cannot use a Triangle Rewards Card (or Cardless Method) together with a Program Payment Card. If you charge a purchase to a Program Payment Card, you will only earn eCTM at the applicable Program Payment Card rate then in effect, even if you also present your Triangle Rewards Card (or Cardless Method). However, if you redeem eCTM to pay for part of a transaction and pay for the balance of the transaction with a Program Payment Card that is linked to a different Triangle Rewards Account than the account from which the redemption is occurring, all eCTM collected in respect of that transaction will be credited to the Triangle Rewards Account from which redemption is occurring. You will not be able to collect eCTM on that portion of a transaction in respect of which you redeemed eCTM. However, we may, from time to time and at our discretion, have special offers or promotions that would allow you to collect eCTM on that portion of a transaction in respect of which you redeemed eCTM. If you use more than one Program Payment Card to make a purchase (e. g. split the cost between two or more cards), all eCTM collected on that purchase will be credited only to the Triangle Rewards Account linked to the first Program Payment Card that is presented. If you make payment using a Program Payment Card in combination with some other form of tender, only that portion of the purchase charged to the Program Payment Card will earn eCTM at the then applicable Program Payment Card rate. That portion of the purchases made with the other form of tender may be eligible to earn eCTM at a different rate. Delays may occur in recording eCTM to a Triangle Rewards Account. You cannot collect paper Canadian Tire Money and eCTM on the same transaction. If you are the holder of a Program Payment Card and you fail to keep your credit card account, or bank account to which your debit card is linked, in good standing, any eCTM that you might have collected as a result of transactions with that Program Payment Card, may, in Canadian Tires sole discretion, be cancelled. Eligible Merchandise All merchandise sold at Canadian Tire stores, or on-line at {removed hyperref}, is Eligible Merchandise except the following: gift cards, lottery tickets, hunting and fishing licences, tire disposal fees, tire taxes, Rug Doctor rental charges, refundable deposits, environmental fees, repair charges, delivery or assembly charges, other store services (other than automobile service), inter-store sales, other store labour (other than labour for automobile repairs), donations at a discount, house account charges, towing charges, prepaid cards, phone cards, tobacco products or alcohol, Pit Stop parts/labour charges, Canadian Tire Roadside Assistance memberships that are purchased over the phone or on-line, premiums for credit card balance insurance or for insurance or extended warranties on items purchased with a Canadian Tire branded credit card, premiums for other Canadian Tire branded insurance products, cash advances, transactions using a convenience cheque, balance transfers and other cash transactions, any fees charged on a Program Payment Card, payments made to a credit card account, the value of any part or item traded-in in connection with a purchase, any item that we are legally precluded from awarding eCTM in respect of and such other goods or services as we may determine from time to time in our sole discretion. In addition, individual Canadian Tire stores may exclude additional items sold in that store from being Eligible Merchandise. We reserve the right, at any time without notice, to change what constitutes Eligible Merchandise. Redeeming electronic Canadian Tire Money eCTM can only be redeemed for merchandise (including applicable taxes) at participating Canadian Tire stores or at other locations designated by Canadian Tire. eCTM cannot be redeemed for alcohol, tobacco, gift cards, pre-paid cards, other stored value cards or products, items that we designate on the Program Website and those items which the law does not permit to be purchased this way, or used to make a payment on any Canadian Tire Bank issued credit cards or on loans or for financial or insurance products or in respect of fees or overdraft on any Canadian Tire Bank provided bank account. To redeem your eCTM you must present your Triangle Rewards Card (or Cardless Method) or Program Payment Card to the cashier with your purchase. Please note that in some Canadian Tire stores it may not be possible to simply provide your phone number when redeeming eCTM; presentation of your Triangle Rewards Card or Program Payment Card or scanning of the Program App may be required instead. eCTM can be used in combination with paper Canadian Tire Money and/or in combination with any other form of tender. eCTM collected on a purchase transaction cannot be redeemed on the same transaction. You may not redeem eCTM from more than one Triangle Rewards Account for the same transaction. You must have enrolled in the Program, or have activated your Program Payment Card, in order to redeem eCTM. What Happens When an Item is Returned? If you return an item for a refund and had received eCTM when you purchased such item, such amount of eCTM will be deducted from your Triangle Rewards Account. Merchandise that was purchased either in whole or in part by redeeming eCTM may not be returned for cash, rather, the connected Triangle Rewards Account will be credited with the same amount of eCTM used to make the original purchase. Expiration of Electronic Canadian Tire MoneyWe may expire the eCTM in your Triangle Rewards Account in the event that there has been a period of inactivity of 18 months or more. For the purposes of this section, inactivity means that there has been neither a transaction in which you have collected eCTM, nor a transaction in which you have redeemed eCTM during the period in {removed hyperref} of Membership and Cancellation of the Program Membership may be terminated by Canadian Tire if any of the following events occur: (A) the Member has failed to comply with any of these terms and conditions, or Canadian Tire determines that the Member has abused the Program or has made any misrepresentation or false statement to Canadian Tire; (B) the Member dies; (C) the Member becomes bankrupt or insolvent or any bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings are commenced by or against the Member, (D) the Member is charged with a designated offence (as defined in the Criminal Code (Canada)), (E) the Members Program Payment Card is terminated by Canadian Tire Bank, or (F) Canadian Tire suspects the Member of any fraudulent activity in connection with the Program or the use of a Program Payment Card. A Member may choose to cancel his or her membership by written notice sent to the address below or by calling Program customer service. Termination or cancellation of membership in the Program will result in the immediate closing of the Members Triangle Rewards Account and the cancellation of all eCTM in such Triangle Rewards Account without any compensation or other liability to the Member. Termination of a Members Triangle Rewards Account will also result in the Member no longer being able to use a Program Payment Card linked to the {removed hyperref} Tire may, in its sole discretion and at any time without prior notice either (i) cancel the Program or (ii) except if you are a Member residing in Quebec, Ontario or such other province where prohibited by law, establish a date upon which eCTM will expire and may no longer be used. Merging Triangle Rewards Accounts At Canadian Tires discretion, Members may be able to merge their Triangle Rewards Accounts into a single account. That merged account will bear the Triangle Rewards Account number of one of the accounts being merged and one Member will be designated as the holder of that account with full power and authority to deal with the account, including closing it, and will become the Member hereunder. All Members wishing to merge their Triangle Rewards Accounts will need to consent to the merger and agree on which account number will be designated as the number for the newly merged Triangle Rewards Account and who the accountholder will be. All remaining Triangle Rewards Account numbers will be cancelled and the persons who are not designated as the accountholder will no longer be Members in the Program. Donating electronic Canadian Tire Money Members may be able to donate their eCTM to select charities or community groups. Please visit the Program Website for details about donating eCTM. Lost or Stolen Triangle Rewards Cards If a Triangle Rewards Card is lost, stolen or destroyed, Canadian Tire will issue a new card on presentation of proper identification, and the balance in the Members Triangle Rewards Account will be transferred to a new Triangle Rewards Account. Canadian Tire assumes no responsibility if eCTM has been used by anyone who presents a lost or stolen Triangle Rewards Card, Cardless Method or Program Payment Card before Canadian Tire is notified of such loss or theft. Partner Locations We may, from time to time, designate certain other merchants as locations at which you can collect or redeem eCTM (a Partner). The names of Partners, the rates at which eCTM can be collected and redeemed and any items that will not be considered eligible for collecting eCTM or in respect of which you will not be able to redeem eCTM will be designated by us and will be posted on the Program Website and may be amended by us from time to time. eCTM that you collect at a Partner may not be recorded, or, if recorded, may be cancelled or may not be redeemed by us if that Partner does not provide all necessary information to us, if we cannot confirm that the eCTM was properly collected, or if that Partner is in default under its agreement with us respecting the eCTM. If you redeem eCTM at a Partner we are not responsible for any loss, damage, injury, death or expense as a result of any item or service you acquired at such Partner. General e-CTM is not exchangeable and cannot be redeemed for cash or made subject to any security interest. eCTM cannot be transferred from a Member to any other Member or other person without the consent of Canadian Tire. These terms and conditions, as amended by Canadian Tire from time to time, constitute the entire agreement between the Member and Canadian Tire with respect to eCTM. On occasion, Canadian Tire, our various businesses within the Canadian Tire family of companies and any Partners may communicate special offers, information and services to Members by email, text message (standard text messaging and data rates may apply) or other communication preferences selected by you using the contact information you have provided. Any Member who does not wish to receive these offers may so indicate on the Program Website or by calling Program customer service at 1-800-226-8473. Please note that even if you have opted out of receiving marketing communications, we may still contact you for the purposes of administering your account and sending you transactional or operational messages. Any waiver by Canadian Tire of any of these terms and conditions at any time does not mean that Canadian Tire cannot rely on these terms and conditions at any subsequent time. No delay or omission by Canadian Tire in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as waiver thereof or of any other right or remedy. All Triangle Rewards Cards remain the sole property of Canadian Tire and, if requested by Canadian Tire, must be returned to Canadian Tire upon the cancellation of a Members membership in the Program. The Member is responsible for informing Canadian Tire of any change to his or her personal information (e. g. name, address, email, etc.), by visiting the Program Website or by calling Program customer service. Canadian Tire reserves the right to terminate a Members participation in the Program or to block a Members ability to use the Members eCTM if Canadian Tire has inaccurate or incomplete information respecting the Member. Enrolment in the Program constitutes acceptance of these terms and conditions and each applicant for membership in the Program consents to the collection and use of personal information in accordance with the Canadian Tire Privacy Charter, as amended from time to time. If any provision of these terms and conditions is invalid or unenforceable, such provision will not affect the validity and enforceability of any of the remaining terms and conditions. Participants are responsible for any taxes, duties or other charges associated with their participation in the Program. Any written notice to Canadian Tire may be sent by ordinary mail to: Triangle Rewards ProgramPO BOX 2000, Station Main Welland, ONL3B 5S3 We may cancel any eCTM that has not been properly issued or that we believe has been issued due to fraudulent conduct or conduct that is inconsistent with these terms and conditions or the spirit of the Program. For Members resident outside of Quebec only: Canadian Tire may amend these terms and conditions at any time without notice. The version of the terms and conditions that is posted from time to time on the Program Website will govern the Program. These terms and conditions are governed by the laws of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable in Ontario. For Members resident in Quebec only: Canadian Tire may unilaterally amend any of these terms and conditions and, subject to the following paragraph, the version of the terms and conditions that is posted from time to time on the Program Website will govern the Program. You will be provided with written notice of any amendment to these terms and conditions (setting out the new clause only or the amended clause and how it read formerly and the date that the amendment will take effect) at least 60 days, but not more than 90 days, before it is to take effect. Upon receipt of the notice, you may choose to reject the amendment and rescind these terms and conditions. These terms and conditions are governed by the laws of Quebec and the federal laws of Canada applicable in Quebec. It is your express wish that these Program terms and conditions be written in the English language. Cest votre demande expresse que les modalits du Programme sont rdiges en anglais. PRIVACY Canadian Tire is committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information. All Canadian Tire companies have adopted the Canadian Tire Privacy Charter ({removed href} Privacy Charter). A list of frequently asked privacy questions ({removed href} FAQs) is available to provide you with examples and instances of how your personal information may be collected, used and disclosed. Our policies and practices have been designed to comply with the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act and provincial private sector privacy acts. Our {removed href} Privacy Charter may be amended from time to time. A copy of the most current version of our {removed href} Privacy Charter and our {removed href} FAQs can be obtained online at {removed hyperref} or by calling 1-800-226-8473. The {removed href} Privacy Charter describes how we collect, use and disclose personal information in order to: (i) process and administer your payment for the purchase of products or services, if you purchase online or use a debit or credit card for the purchase in one of our stores; (ii) process your application for a product, provide a service or administer the Canadian Tire loyalty reward program or other loyalty or preferred customer programs that may exist from time to time (each a Loyalty Program); (iii) better understand your needs and offer you relevant information, products, services, rewards and programs, including sending you (and others on your behalf) communications by way of postal mail, email, facsimile, telephone, text message or other type of electronic message; (iv) determine your interest and eligibility for, and where appropriate provide you with, products, services, rewards and programs; (v) track and analyze your purchases, other transactions, shopping patterns, account activity, and payment history for marketing analysis purposes or tailoring promotional offers to you; (vi) track and analyze website use to provide a better customer experience such as customized offers and advertisements; (vii) verify your identity and protect against error and fraud; (viii) manage and assess our risk; (ix) assess and update your credit worthiness on an ongoing basis; (x) conduct research and analysis (de-identified to the extent possible); (xi) process, service, analyze and audit your relationship with us, including collecting any money you owe us; (xii) comply with applicable legal, regulatory and self-regulatory requirements; (xiii) respond to your questions, comments or requests to customer service; and (xiv) achieve other purposes as may, from time to time, be permitted by law. We may provide your personal information to Canadian Tire affiliates or to other third party Marketing Partners, including under a Loyalty Program, so that they can notify you directly of products, services, rewards and special offers that may be of interest to you. These notices may be given to you by postal mail, e-mail, facsimile, telephone, text message or other form of electronic messaging using the contact information that you provide to {removed hyperref} providing your information to Canadian Tire, you consent to Canadian Tire using your personal information for the uses described above. Withdrawal of consent to collect, use and disclose your personal information may restrict our ability to provide you with some products and services, such as the privileges and opportunities of being a member of the Loyalty Program. You may always withdraw or refuse your consent by clicking on the unsubscribe link in our email communications or by contacting us at 1-800-226-8473. Your request will be promptly processed but may not be in time to remove you from promotions already in progress. Please note that even if you have opted out of receiving marketing communications, we may still contact you for the purposes of administering your account and sending you transactional or operational emails. We do not sell or rent personal information. We may transfer your personal information to entities outside Canadian Tire, such as our vendors, suppliers and agents who assist us in serving you (Service Provider). Our Service Providers may be located in or outside of Canada and may be required to disclose your information under the laws of their {removed hyperref} complete details as to how we collect, use and disclose your personal information, please see our {removed href} Privacy Charter and {removed href} FAQs. {removed href} Your installation agreement with us is for the service and the product you have selected (hereinafter referred to as: the PRODUCT).


The following information, the Terms and Conditions below, and the specific information for your Product listed below AND LOCATED AT {removed href} {removed hyperref}. html IN PRICING TAB OF YOUR SELECTED PRODUCT, the Addendum (if applicable) and the Certificate of Completion form your agreement with us for the assembly/installation services described below (collectively, the AGREEMENT).


WHO WE ARE: Canadian Tire Services Limited (WE, US or OUR), holder of license 5654-7714-01 issued under the building Act. We can be reached by phone at 1-855-682-HOME (4663) or you can write to us c/o Canadian Tire Home Services, 3475 Superior Court, Oakville, Ontario L6L 0C6.


1. The type of basic installation service and any additional services that you have contracted for are indicated on your email confirmation and more fully described in the What does the basic assembly/installation package include? section below and located at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. html IN PRICING TAB OF YOUR SELECTED PRODUCT (THE INSTALLATION SERVICES). See the PRODUCT SPECIFIC LINKS below for the direct link your Product specific information.


2. The Installation Services will be provided by one of our Authorized Installers (as defined below). The installation will occur at the location indicated as your billing address unless you provide us with an alternative to the Authorized Installer upon scheduling your assembly/installation. (the INSTALLATION LOCATION).


3. You are responsible for confirming compliance with any applicable building code requirements, local zoning bylaws and other applicable laws, rules and regulations which may regulate and restrict the location and size of the Product or that may be in place by the property owner, property management and/or condominium board for your property when installing your Product. You also are responsible for obtaining all required permits.


4. If you have instructed to install the Product at the wrong location or if the Product is not permitted in your municipality, you will have to assume the costs involved in moving or removing your Product.


5. Should our Authorized Installer, upon inspection of the Installation Location, determine that additional work is required to properly and safely complete the installation, you will be advised of any additional charges before the work is done and you will be asked to authorize the additional charges by signing an Addendum. If you decide that, as a result of the additional work and charges required to complete the installation, you do not want to go ahead with the installation, you can cancel this Agreement and we will give you a full refund in accordance with paragraph 9 below. Any additional charges, once authorized, are your sole responsibility. The Authorized Installer does not have the authority to contract on our behalf. Some issues that might cause additional installation costs are outlined in the WHAT COULD LEAD TO ADDITIONAL COSTS? section below and located at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. html IN PRICING TAB OF YOUR SELECTED PRODUCT. See the Product Specific Links below for the direct link your Product specific information.


6. Our Authorized installer will refuse to assemble and/or install the Product not in accordance with the product and/or manufacturers instructions. You will assume all liability in the event you modify the installation after it has been completed and that the Product does not function properly as a result thereof. You will also be responsible for any defects in, or damages to, the Product that are attributable to it not being assembled and installed in accordance with the product and/or manufacturers instructions.


7. Once the product has been located and payment has been processed, an authorized Installer will contact you by the phone number given during checkout to schedule your assembly and installation. Should you need to make any changes to your scheduled appointment after it was made or to cancel your scheduled appointment please call us at 1-855-682-HOME (4663) to. Then one of our Authorized Installers will contact you within two (2) business days to arrange a specific time for assembly/installation that is convenient to you.


8. The cost of your Installation Services is set out on your checkout page, on your confirmation email and in your receipt upon pick up or delivery of your Product. Payment must be received in full prior to the Installation Services commencing.


9. You can cancel this Agreement at any time prior to the Installation Services commencing by calling 1-855-682-HOME (4663) and we will give you a full refund.


10. By making payment and clicking the ACCEPT button below, you confirm that you have read, understood, consent to and accept the Terms and Conditions set out in this Agreement.


11. This Agreement is entered into at your home address as indicated on your email confirmation.


12. GENERAL DESCRIPTION. You agree to purchase and we agree to provide the Installation Services described in this Agreement in or on the Installation Location for the stated total cash price and according to the specifications and other provisions set out in this Agreement.


13. INSTALLATION LOCATION. The Installation Location shall be within fifty (50) km of a Canadian Tire store. If the Installation Location is more than fifty (50) km from a Canadian Tire store we may at our discretion decline to perform the Installation Services and will provide you with a full refund.


14. INSTALLATION SERVICES. You authorize us (a) to arrange for the Installation Services to be performed by an experienced installer (licensed when legally required) (the AUTHORIZED INSTALLER), (b) to issue a work order to the Authorized Installer to perform the Installation Services, (c) to inspect the Authorized Installers work, and (d) to pay the Authorized Installer after completion of the work and after receipt of a certificate, signed and dated by you, that the work has been satisfactorily completed (the CERTIFICATE OF COMPLETION). You agree that we will rely upon the Certificate of Completion in paying the Authorized Installer for the Installation Services.


15. PRICE. The price owed by you to us covers the Installation Services, and applicable taxes (the PRICE). The Price assumes sound existing substructures, superstructure and points of attachments. The Price shall be increased should additional services or materials be required as a result of defective substructures, superstructures, or points of attachments. To the extent required in order to properly and safely install the Product, all such associated charges will be disclosed to you and itemized prior to installation. You will be asked to authorize the additional charges and the total additional installation costs will be set out in the Addendum, which will be part of your agreement with us.


16. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement accurately states the entire agreement between you and us concerning this sale of Installation Services and replaces or supersedes all prior agreements and understandings relating thereto, both oral and written. Any additions or changes to this Agreement, other than any additional Installation Services required as set out in the Addendum, must be in writing signed by you and us.


17. WARRANTY FOR INSTALLATION SERVICES.


The Installation Services provided in connection with the following Products (Garden Shed, Play Centre, Trampoline, Garage Door Opener, Toilet/Faucet, Central Vacuum, Electric Fireplace, Flat Screen TV and Window Air Conditioner) will be covered by a one (1) year warranty (the WARRANTY PERIOD) that the Installation Services will be performed by the Authorized Installer in a good and workmanlike manner (the WARRANTY).


The Installation Services provided in connection with the following Products (Temporary Shelter/Canopy, Gazebo and Awning) will be covered by a ninety (90) day warranty (the WARRANTY PERIOD) that the Installation Services will be performed by the Authorized Installer in a good and workmanlike manner (the WARRANTY).


You must give us written notice within the relevant Warranty Period of any Warranty claim relating to the Installation Services. You agree that your sole and exclusive remedy against us for a Warranty claim is reinstallation of the Product in a good and workmanlike manner, including the repair or replacement of any of the items originally installed if and to the extent reasonably necessary to correct the defective Installation Services. In connection with any Warranty claim, you agree, at no cost to us, to prepare the Installation Location, including the removal and replacement of fixtures incident to the repair area, so that we, or our designee, including the Authorized Installer, can correct the defective Installation Services without undue delay.


18. INDEMNITY. To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify us from all losses, claims, costs, expenses, damages, actions and liabilities whatsoever that we may incur, and you agree to hold us harmless from any lawsuits and any claims that may be made against us in connection with this Agreement or the use and operation of the Product.


19. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be interpreted under and governed by the laws of the province of the Installation Location and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein.


20. MISCELLANEOUS. You acknowledge that we may assign, pledge or transfer this Agreement without your consent. Except as specifically provided for herein, you may not assign this Agreement without our consent. If we do consent, the provisions of this Agreement will be imposed on your assignee. All of your obligations under this Agreement will survive the termination of this Agreement to the extent required for their full observance and performance. Any provision of this Agreement that is unenforceable in any jurisdiction will, with respect to such jurisdiction, be ineffective only to the extent of such enforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Agreement. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and will not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.


21. PRIVACY. You agree that we can collect, use and share your Personal Information in accordance with our Privacy Charter, a copy of which is available on-line at {removed hyperref} or by calling us at 1-855-682-HOME (4663). This includes collecting, using and sharing your Personal Information to arrange for the Installation Services and to administer our Agreement with you. Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, identification information and billing information. We may release your Personal Information to entities outside the Canadian Tire family of companies, such as our suppliers and agents who assist us in serving you (SERVICE PROVIDERS). When your Personal Information is provided to a Service Provider, we require them to protect the information in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Charter. Our Service Providers may be located in or outside of Canada and may be required to disclose your Personal Information under the laws of their jurisdiction. Subject to your withdrawal, this consent is valid for the time required to fulfill the identified purposes, Canadian Tires legitimate business purposes and to conform to all applicable legislative requirements.


PRODUCT SPECIFIC INFORMATION.


WHAT DOES THE BASIC ASSEMBLY/INSTALLATION PACKAGE INCLUDE?


Unpack and inspect the Product to ensure there are no missing or damaged pieces. Where applicable, prepare the Installation Location by performing Product specific preparation work (Several visits may be required depending on the Product). Arrange for a utilities (gas/electric/water) locate (if required). Assemble, Install and anchor (if required) the Product according to the manufacturers instructions. Disconnect selected existing Product to install a new Product (for example, ceiling light, ceiling fan, range hoods etc.) Ask the Authorized Installer in advance if your Product is eligible for disassembly. Test the assembled/installed Product to ensure it meets the manufacturers requirements. Clean up the work area. Prepare the Products packaging for disposal by the customer. See the HELPFUL PRODUCT SPECIFIC INFORMATION below for more of what we will do for you on selected services.


WHAT COULD LEAD TO ADDITIONAL COSTS?


If the Installation Location is not suitable for the Product, requires excessive levelling or there are structural issues that need to be corrected to ensure a proper and safe assembly/installation. Discuss the Installation Location with the Authorized Installer BEFORE the scheduled site visit. If there is not sufficient space free from clutter/obstructions where the Product is to be assembled/installed. Building a new or repairing an existing base at the Installation Location. Delivery and/or disposal of the new or existing Product (if purchased). If you have purchased the wrong type/size of Product for the Installation Location. If any additional accessories or hardware required for the installation. For example, extension/support brackets, wall mounts, window sleeves etc. Make sure to purchase any required accessories or hardware in advance to ensure theyre available on the date of your installation. If youre unsure of what is needed for your Product, please ask the Authorized Installer prior to the date of your installation. If the location of the assembly requires access to an elevator or a secured area, it is your responsibility to reserve the elevator before our Authorized Installers arrive. If the dwelling is higher than three (3) stories and no elevator is available to transport the Product to your residence, an additional charge may apply to deliver and/or remove the Product. For Products that require direct access to an electrical outlet, ensure the Installation Location is in close proximity to a suitable power source. Note: Some manufacturers do not recommend the use of extension cords for certain Products. Please speak to the Authorized Installer about power outlet requirements for the Product being installed. The Product assembly/installation prices are determined by the size, type, complexity, materials and time required to safely assemble and install your Product.


WHAT INSTALLATION DOES NOT COVER:


Repairs or modifications related to existing structural problems, any structural impact to property that was necessary for the installation, such as but not limited to: drywall patching, painting, landscaping, replacing tiles, moving existing ducts/vents or alterations to electrical work. Any type of analysis associated with ground, water or air quality. We are not responsible for the cost involved in moving or removing the Product if you have selected the wrong location or it is not permitted in your municipality. We will not be held liable (financially or otherwise) for costs incurred if Products installed are not in compliance with local bylaws or other applicable laws, nor for removal of Products that are not in compliance with bylaws.


HELPFUL PRODUCT SPECIFIC INFORMATION.


Sheds:


o A minimum of 30 clearance to fences or other structures will be required to allow assembly/installation of the garden shed.


o A garden shed that is assembled/installed and anchored to a proper base helps to ensure it will function as it should and prolongs its useful service. If you have a cement pad, a concrete slab area, or a pre-assembled wooden base of an appropriate size that would accommodate the garden shed, our Authorized Installer will anchor the garden shed to that. While it remains your choice, we recommend that if a pre-existing base is not available, one should be purchased along with the garden shed installation.


If you purchase a base, our Authorized Installer will:


o Prepare the site for installation.


o Construct a pressure-treated wood and plywood base to support the structure where applicable.


o Place the base on cement stones at the corner and across the foundation to provide a solid foundation (All materials are included in the cost of the base installation.).


o See the WHAT COULD LEAD TO ADDITIONAL COSTS? section above for more information.


Water-associated Products: (toilets, faucets, water softeners, water filters, water heaters).


o Where applicable, we will replace wax seals, connect the Product to existing drainage system/plumbing (no modifications), and connect the Product to an existing water supply line. o Water Softeners, Heaters and Filtration Systems we include miscellaneous fittings as required, and up to one (1) foot of piping to connect the existing piping to the new Product, plus shut-off valves and up to ten (10) feet of line to the nearest drain. o The Authorized Installer will apply for the gas or electrical permit and inform you of the cost prior to obtaining the permit (if required). The fee for a gas or electrical permit can vary according to the type of work being performed.


o WHAT COULD LEAD TO ADDITIONAL COSTS?


Installation of water line valve cut-off. If converting from an electric hot water heater to a gas hot water heater, you will require a pre-site inspection to measure the Installation Location. You must purchase a New Installation Quotation before the Authorized Installer will attend at the service location to conduct a pre-site inspection. However, if you proceed with the installation, the New Installation Quotation service price that was prepaid will be applied as a credit towards the final service fee. See the WHAT COULD LEAD TO ADDITIONAL COSTS? section above for more information.


Hard-wired Electrical Products (Range hoods, bathroom exhaust fans, light fixtures, ceiling fans, pot lights):


o We will disconnect electrical service from your existing Product and center (if possible), mount and secure support bracket(s) as required by manufacturers specifications and connect the new Product to the existing electrical box [Note: the existing electrical box must be equipped with power, must be connected to a control device (switch/dimmer) and must be in a location that is sufficiently reinforced to support the weight of any new Product]. For Products secured to ceilings, please note maximum ceiling height is 10 feet. o If you wish to install a product in a new location where new wiring is required, this typically requires a permit. The Authorized Installer will apply for the permit and inform you of the cost (varies with work) prior to obtaining the permit. If you require a new installation, a New Installation Quote must be purchased before the Authorized Installer will attend at the service location to conduct a pre-site inspection. However, if you proceed with the installation, the New Installation Quotation service price that was prepaid will be applied as a credit towards the final service fee. o See the WHAT COULD LEAD TO ADDITIONAL COSTS? section above for more information.


TVs:


o We will connect the flat panel television to a maximum of 3 video sources (DVD player, VCR, Satellite receiver and/or video game console). o We will set-up non-learning, universal remote system and provide an equipment tutorial and demonstration (up to 30 minutes). o We can install this on: 1) an existing wall mount, 2) a TV stand (either one that came with the TV or one that you purchased at Canadian Tire) 3) install a new wall mount you purchased at Canadian Tire. Pricing is dependent on which of the three options you choose. o You are also responsible for ensuring there is an assembled power outlet within six (6) feet of where the flat panel television is to be installed. Our Authorized Installers will not move or install a power outlet.


o WHAT COULD LEAD TO ADDITIONAL COSTS?


If the wall where the flat panel television is to be installed is constructed of material other than drywall (for example: brick or concrete) or if the wall studs are a material other than wood or metal. If the wires where the flat panel television is to be installed are asked to be concealed. See the WHAT COULD LEAD TO ADDITIONAL COSTS? section above for more information.


Garage Door Opener Basic assembly/installation package:


o We will remove an existing garage door opener. o We will mount new garage door opener (up to 10 high) according to product requirements. o We will install and adjust safety sensors, as well as any monitors or lasers, outdoor coded key pads and/or battery packs. o We will mount wood framing (if necessary) to top of garage door opener to support header bracket. o We will plug in and test garage door opener (providing there is a receptacle within three (3) feet of the garage door opener). o Well test remote(s) and control pad(s) to ensure proper and safe operation.


Garage Door Opener Premium Assembly:


o Everything as stated in the Basic assembly/installation package above, plus we will:


Check and adjust door hinges (does not include replacing the hinges). Lubricate all moving parts of garage door. Check door rails and clear them of debris. Check door balance and make adjustments to tension spring if necessary.


o WHAT COULD LEAD TO ADDITIONAL COSTS?


If the garage door is higher than 8 tall and an extension rail is required, you will need to purchase an extension rail from a Canadian Tire store. NOTE: the garage door opener must be matched to the correct extension rail. If the garage ceiling is higher than 10 and extension brackets are required, you may purchase the extension brackets from the Authorized Installer. If the garage ceiling has less than 5 clearance from the garage door and quick-turn brackets are required, you may purchase the quick-turn brackets from the Authorized Installer. If the garage door does not open freely and an adjustment is required. See the WHAT COULD LEAD TO ADDITIONAL COSTS? section above for more information.


Holiday Lighting:


o We can install and remove holiday lighting on: Rooflines, Dormers, Peaks, Trees and Shrubs. Central Vacuum Systems:


o We will hang the power unit canister and connect power source. o We will connect the last section of tubing to the canister, and attach muffler (if required). o WHAT COULD LEAD TO ADDITIONAL COSTS? You must ensure that the electrical source near the canister has the proper amperage and there is enough free space around the unit for proper motor air cooling circulation. Please speak to the Authorized Installer about power outlet requirements for the Product being installed. If mounting brackets are required to support the proper weight of the canister. If additional inlets are required or if there are accessories requiring installation (such as a dust pan). Inlet installations are not included in the Basic assembly/installation package; however, they can be purchased at an additional cost. If you require a new installation one of our Authorized Installers will come to your home and give you a customized quote based on your homes individualized needs. If the home has not been roughed in or is only partially roughed in, there will need to be additional piping added to the home to complete the central vacuum installation. The amount of piping and cost of this work will depend of the extent of the work necessary to make the system operational. Some roughed in homes only have the pipes installed as far as the basement, and the pipe connecting to the unit is still required. The installation kit includes this piping but there is additional work needed to complete the installation. If there are additional charges for work outside of the original quote and installation agreement to make the installation safe and operational, you will be advised of those charges by the Authorized Installer prior to beginning the work. See the WHAT COULD LEAD TO ADDITIONAL COSTS? section above for more information. PRODUCT SPECIFIC LINKS.


Garage Door Openers - {removed href} {removed hyperref}. html.


Gazebos and Garden Sheds - {removed href} {removed hyperref}. html.


Temporary Shelters Canopies - {removed href} {removed hyperref}. html.


Play sets and Trampolines - {removed href} {removed hyperref}. html.


Toilets and Faucets - {removed href} {removed hyperref}. html.


Window Air Conditioners - {removed href} {removed hyperref}. html.


Electric Fireplaces - {removed href} {removed hyperref}. html.


Ceiling Fans and Lights - {removed href} {removed hyperref}. html.


TVs - {removed href} {removed hyperref}. html.


Range Hoods and Bathroom Fans - {removed href} {removed hyperref}. html.


Water Softening, Heating Filtration - {removed href} {removed hyperref}. html.


Central Vacuum Systems - {removed href} {removed hyperref}. html {removed href} {removed href} Terms Conditions.


Terms Conditions.


Canadian Tire Auto text messaging program offers you special offers and tips on Canadian Tire Auto; you can receive up to 3 messages per week. These messages are sent to your mobile device via text message.


Users opt-in and register for the service by texting a designated keyword to 38667. Opt-In keyword can vary based on campaigns. Users can opt-out of receiving Canadian Tire Auto text messages at any time by texting STOP to 38667. Users can get help at any time by texting HELP to 38667.


Canadian Tire Auto does not charge you to participate in the program, however standard message and data rates may apply based on your existing wireless plan for sending and receiving text messages.


For additional questions, please send an email with your mobile phone number (so that we can identify the account you are contacting us about) to {removed href} {removed hyperref} or contact us at PO Box 2000, Station Main, Welland, ON L3B 5S3.


Canadian Tire Auto provides short message service alerts. Try it out by texting the opt-in keyword JOIN to 38667 Please note that to process requests for this program, standard message and data rates may apply to receive SMS messages based on the terms of your wireless service agreement with your wireless service provider. If any charges apply, they are billed by and payable to your wireless service provider by you. Check your wireless service provider if you have questions about your service plan. Canadian Tire Auto will not be liable for any delays in the receipt of any SMS messages connected with this program, as delivery of SMS messages is subject to effective transmission from your wireless service provider/network operator. {removed href} Privacy Notice.


Privacy Notice.


Canadian Tire respects your privacy. Your mobile phone number will be used to administer the text messaging program and send you text messages with offers and tips from Canadian Tire Auto. For more information regarding the collection, use, disclosure and treatment of your personal information, please refer to the Canadian Tire Corporation Privacy Policy {removed href} available here. {removed href} {removed href} Who is Canadian Tire?


Who is Canadian Tire?


For purposes of this Accessibility Plan, Canadian Tire means Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited and its family of companies including Canadian Tire Financial Services Limited, Canadian Tire Bank, Canadian Tire Real Estate Limited, Marks Work Wearhouse Limited (Marks), FGL Sports Ltd. (FGL), Canadian Tire Petroleum and PartSource. Canadian Tire also includes any successors or subsidiaries of the above-listed companies.* {removed href} Background.


Background.


The Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) was adopted in 2005 with a goal of making Ontario completely accessible for individuals with disabilities by 2025. To reach this goal, businesses and organizations that provide goods and services to people in Ontario, are required to meet certain accessibility standards in 5 areas: (1) Customer Service; (2) Information and Communications; (3) Employment; (4) Transportation; and (5) the Design of Public {removed hyperref} Tire is committed to eliminating barriers and improving accessibility for persons with disabilities and to providing goods and services in a way that respects the dignity and independence of people with disabilities. In 2012 we implemented an Accessible Customer Service Policy to ensure that people with disabilities are given the same opportunity to access and benefit from our goods and services, in the same place and in a similar way as other {removed hyperref} Integrated Accessibility Standards Regulation (IASR) under AODA, which incorporates the remaining 4 accessibility standards, requires us to establish, implement, maintain and document a multi-year accessibility plan which outlines our strategy to prevent and remove barriers for persons with disabilities through the requirements under the {removed hyperref} following accessibility standards are applicable to Canadian Tire under the IASR: 1. General Requirements2. Information and Communications3. Employment4. Design of Public SpacesIn accordance with the IASR, Canadian Tire will: Establish, review and update this Accessibility Plan Post this Accessibility Plan on Canadian Tires public website at {removed hyperref} Provide this Accessibility Plan in an accessible format, upon request Review and update this Accessibility Plan at least once every 5 years {removed href} Purpose.


Purpose.


The purpose of this Accessibility Plan is to outline Canadian Tires strategy to prevent and remove barriers to address the current and future requirements set out under the IASR. * Canadian Tire stores and certain Marks and FGL stores are owned and operated by independent dealers or franchisees. Canadian Tire gas bars are operated under license by independent retailers. As independent businesses, these dealers, franchisees, and retailers are responsible under applicable laws for adopting their own accessibility plans that are consistent with this plan. {removed href} General Requirements.


General Requirements.


TRAINING.


Commitment: We are committed to implementing a process to ensure that all employees, volunteers, third party contractors who provide goods, services and facilities on behalf of Canadian Tire, as well as persons participating in the development and approval of Canadian Tires policies, are provided with appropriate training on the requirements of the IASR and on the Ontario Human Rights Code as it pertains to persons with disabilities, and are provided with such training as soon as {removed hyperref} Action: In addition to the training we provide to our employees under the Accessibility Standard for Customer Service, we will provide training to our employees, volunteers, persons who participate in developing the organizations policies and other staff members who provide goods, services or facilities on behalf of Canadian Tire on the requirements of the Integrated Accessibility Standards Regulation and on the Human Rights Code as it relates to persons with disabilities. Training will be provided in a way that best suits the individuals actual {removed hyperref} will complete the required training of our employees, volunteers, persons who participate in developing the organizations policies and other staff members by JANUARY 1, 2015. In order to meet this obligation, we will: Develop appropriate training content. Deliver training throughout 2014. Maintain a record of the training provided, including the dates that the training was provided and the number of individuals to whom it was provided. Ensure that training is provided on any changes to the prescribed policies on an ongoing basis. SELF-SERVICE KIOSKS.


Commitment: We are committed to eliminating barriers and improving accessibility for persons with disabilities and to providing goods and services in a way that respects the dignity and independence of people with {removed hyperref} Taken: Should we design, procure or acquire any self-service kiosks on or after JANUARY 1, 2014, we will have regard to the accessibility for persons with disabilities. We will ensure that any employees involved in the procurement or acquisition are apprised of the need to consider accessibility features in choosing the appropriate self-service kiosk. {removed href} Information and Communication Standards.


Information and Communication Standards.


Commitment: We are committed to making company information and communications accessible to persons with disabilities. We will incorporate new accessibility requirements under the Information and Communication Standard to ensure that our information and communication systems and platforms are accessible and are provided in accessible formats that meet the needs of persons with {removed hyperref} Taken: 1. EMERGENCY PROCEDURE, PLANS OR PUBLIC SAFETY INFORMATION Effective JANUARY 1, 2012, public safety information that is prepared by Canadian Tire and made available to the public will be made available in an accessible format or with appropriate communication supports, as soon as practicable, upon {removed hyperref} Actions: 1. ACCESSIBLE WEBSITES AND WEB CONTENT Should we launch a new internet website or significantly refresh an existing internet website on or after JANUARY 1, 2014, we will ensure that the website and all content on that website that has been posted since JANUARY 1, 2012, conforms to the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2. 0, Level {removed hyperref} order to ensure all of our internet websites, and all content posted on those websites since JANUARY 1, 2012, conforms to the WCAG 2. 0 Level AA by JANUARY 1, 2021 we will: Audit all websites and content for Level AA compliance. Implement the necessary changes to bring the websites and web content into conformance with applicable Level AA requirements. 2. FEEDBACK We will take the following steps to make sure existing feedback processes are accessible to people with disabilities upon request by JANUARY 1, 2015: We will identify all existing feedback processes and will review those processes for accessibility. Should any barriers to accessibility be identified we will take steps to remove those barriers prior to JANUARY 1, 2015. 3. ACCESSIBLE FORMATS AND COMMUNICATION SUPPORTS We will ensure that all of our publicly available information is made accessible upon request by JANUARY 1, 2016. Where a request for an accessible format or for communication support is received, we will: Consult with the individual making the request to determine their accessibility needs and what would be a suitable format or support. Provide the requested information in a timely manner. Provide the information at regular cost (if any). {removed href} Employment Standards.


Employment Standards.


Commitment: We are committed to fair and accessible employment practices that attract and retain employees with disabilities. This includes providing accessibility across all stages of the employment {removed hyperref} Taken: The following measures were implemented effective JANUARY 1, 2012: 1. WORKPLACE EMERGENCY RESPONSE INFORMATION In situations where we are aware that an employee has a disability and that there is a need for accommodation, individualized workplace emergency response information are provided to the employee as soon as practicable if such information is necessary given the nature of the employees disability. These individualized emergency response plans are: Communicated to the employees respective manager and Safety personnel, where the employees consent has been obtained, and on an as needed basis. Reviewed and assessed on an ongoing and regular basis to ensure that accessibility issues are {removed hyperref} Action: The following measures will be implemented effective JANUARY 1, 2016: 1. RECRUITMENT GENERAL We will notify employees and the public of the availability of accommodation for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment process. This will include: A review and, as necessary, modification of existing recruitment policies, procedures and processes. Specifying on job postings that accommodation is available for applicants with disabilities. 2. RECRUITMENT, ASSESSMENT AND SELECTION We will notify job applicants, when they are individually selected to participate in an assessment or selection process that accommodations are available upon request in relation to the materials and processes to be used in the assessment or selection process. This will include: A review and, as necessary, modification of existing recruitment policies, procedures and processes. If a selected applicant requests an accommodation, consult with the applicant and arrange for provision of suitable accommodations in a manner that takes into account the applicants accessibility needs. 3. NOTICE TO SUCCESSFUL APPLICANTS When making offers of employment, we will notify the successful applicant of our policies for accommodating employees with disabilities. This will include: A review and, as necessary, modification of existing recruitment policies, procedures and processes. Inclusion of notification of Canadian Tires policy on accommodating employees with disabilities in offer of employment letters. 4. INFORMING EMPLOYEES OF SUPPORTS We will inform all employees of policies that support employees with disabilities, including, but not limited to, policies on the provision of job accommodations that take into account an employees accessibility needs due to a disability. This will include: Informing current employees and new hires of Canadian Tires policies supporting employees with disabilities. Providing information under this section as soon as practicable after the new employee begins employment. Keeping employees up to date on changes to existing policies on job accommodations with respect to disability. 5. ACCESSIBLE FORMATS AND COMMUNICATION SUPPORTS FOR EMPLOYEES Where an employee with a disability so requests, we will provide or arrange for provision of suitable accessible formats and communication supports for: Information that is needed in order to perform the employees job. Information that is generally available to employees in the {removed hyperref} order to meet this obligation, we will consult with the requesting employee to determine the suitability of an accessible format or communication support. 6. DOCUMENTED INDIVIDUAL ACCOMMODATION PLANS/RETURN TO WORK PROCESS Our existing processes include steps that we will take to accommodate an employee with a disability and to facilitate an employees return to work after absenteeism due to {removed hyperref} will review and assess the existing processes to ensure that they include a method for the development of documented individual accommodation plans for employees with a disability, if such plans are {removed hyperref} will ensure that the process for the development of documented individual accommodation plans includes the following elements, in accordance with the provisions of the IASR: The manner in which the employee requesting accommodation can participate in the development of the plan. The means by which the employee is assessed on an individual basis. The manner in which we can request an evaluation by an outside medical or other expert, at Canadian Tires expense to assist us in determining if and how accommodation can be achieved. The steps taken to protect the privacy of the employees personal information. The frequency in which individual accommodation plans will be reviewed and updated and the manner in which this will be done. If an individual accommodation plan is denied, the manner in which the reasons for the denial will be provided to the employee. The means of providing the individual accommodation plan in a format that takes into account the employees accessibility needs due to disability. If individual accommodation plans are established, ensure that they include: Individualized workplace emergency response information. Any information regarding accessible formats and communication supports that have been provided for or arranged, in order to provide the employee with: Information that is needed in order to perform the employees job. Information that is generally available to employees in the workplace. Any other accommodation that is to be provided to the employee. 7. PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT, CAREER DEVELOPMENT AND REDEPLOYMENT We will take into account the accessibility needs of employees with disabilities, as well as individual accommodation plans: When using our performance management process in respect of employees with disabilities; When providing career development and advancement to our employees with disabilities; When redeploying employees with {removed hyperref} order to meet this obligation, we will review, assess and, as necessary, modify existing policies, procedures and practices to ensure compliance with the IASR. {removed href} Design of Public Spaces Standards.


Design of Public Spaces Standards.


We will meet the Accessibility Standards for the Design of Public Spaces when building or making major modifications to public spaces. Canadian Tire will meet these standards by JANUARY 1, 2017. {removed href} For more information.


For more information.


For more information on this Accessibility Plan, or for a copy of this plan in an accessible format, please contact Canadian Tire by any of the following means: BY TELEPHONE: English: 1-800-387-8803French: 1-800-565-3356 BY EMAIL: {removed href} {removed hyperref} BY REGULAR MAIL: Please forward your comments questions to the following address: PO Box 2000, Station MainWelland, ONL3B 5S3 {removed href} Canadian Tire Repair Authorization.


I hereby authorize you and your employees to carry out the repair work described in the Repair Order and to purchase on my account any parts and materials necessary to carry out repair work subject to the estimate attached (if applicable) or an estimate which I later approve (whether in writing, orally or by electronic communication). I hereby authorize you and your employees to operate the vehicle listed above in connection with the repair work, including operation for the purposes of testing, inspection or delivery. I HEREBY RELEASE AND FOREVER DISCHARGE YOU AND EACH OF YOUR EMPLOYEES FROM ANY LOSSES I MAY SUFFER RELATING TO DAMAGE TO OR LOSS OF MY VEHICLE AND/OR ANY ITEMS CONTAINED THEREIN THAT ARE CAUSED BY CIRCUMSTANCES BEYOND YOUR CONTROL. I acknowledge that, upon the completion of the repair work authorized hereby, you will have a lien pursuant to applicable repair and storage lien legislation and that you may register that lien and seize, at your discretion and at my sole cost and expense, the vehicle for non-payment of any invoice issued for such repair work. By replying Approved (or an equivalent statement of approval) I acknowledge and agree to the terms and conditions above and to those below.


PRIVACY TERMS.


Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited, its affiliates, associate dealers and service providers (CTC or our) collect and use the personal information provided by you to fulfill this contract. CTC may also collect and use your information to administer the delivery of [and market] warranties, products, services and loyalty programs to you and to analyze your relationship with us. Please visit {removed href} {removed hyperref} for details on CTCs privacy policy. If you do not wish for your information to be kept in our database, please contact CTCs Corporate Customer Relations at 1-866-846-5841 or via email at {removed href} {removed hyperref}/.


LIMITED WARRANTY TERMS.


Warranties applicable only when product is installed at a Canadian Tire Automotive Service Centre, otherwise warranties may vary. Warranty not available for commercial use, a minimum labour warranty of 100 days / 5500 km applies to parts installed unless otherwise stated. Parts Warranty starts on the completion date shown on the customer invoice.


CTC warrants those items set out on the invoice according to the applicable limited warranty terms set forth below. The vehicle referred to is the one described on the reverse side of the invoice. Presentation of this document is required to validate the applicable limited warranty, the terms which appear below.


TIRE STORAGE TERMS.


Storage term: Tires will be stored up to a maximum of 8 months from Invoice date OR until customer requests to have Tires removed from the storage location for any reason, at which point the storage term will end. Canadian Tire is not responsible for unclaimed tires at expiration of storage term. Tires left beyond 30 days of term expiration date will be disposed of without any liability or obligation to customer. Payment is deemed to be acceptance of these terms by customer. PARTS MESSAGE:


All parts are new unless otherwise stated.


ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS.


There are no other warranties issued by CTC other than those set out above. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, THE LIMITED WARRANTIES AND REMEDIES SET FORTH ON THIS INVOICE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF AL OTHER WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EXRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. THESE LIMITED WARRANTIES GIVE YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION. The above-referenced limited warranties do not apply to (i) parts that are not purchased from the CTC shops and/or installed by the CTC shop or (ii) damage due to misuse, abuse or neglect.


UNDER NO CIRCMSTANCES WILL CTC BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES. INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF REVENUE, ANTICIPATED PROFITS OR BUSINESS (EVEN IF CTC HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES) ARISING OUT OF ANY BREACH OF ANY AGREEMENT BETWEEN US OR ANY DUTY OWED TO YOU BY CTC.


With respect to the replacement of any part covered by the above-referenced limited warranties, the CTC shop must restore the entire system to which a warranted part(s) relates to its proper operating condition. If you do not authorize all of the work required to do so, including, without limitation the installation of other needed parts, you will receive non-installed and non-warranted replacement part(s) as applicable.


If your warranted part requires replacement under the terms of the applicable limited warranty, bring your vehicle and this document in any CTC location in Canada offering and warranted part or service.


STORES IN ONTARIO.


If the work or parts listed on this invoice were performed by a CTC shop located in Ontario, the Consumer Protection Act, 2002 provides you with rights in relation to having a motor vehicle repaired. Among other things, you have a right to a written estimate. A repairer may not charge an amount that is more than ten (10) per cent above that estimate. If you have waived your right to an estimate, the repairer must have your authorization of the maximum amount that you will pay for the repairs. The repairer may not charge more than the maximum amount you authorized. In either case, the repairer may not charge for any work you did not {removed hyperref} you have concerns about the work or repairs performed by the repairer or about your rights or duties under the Consumer Protection Act, 2002, you should contact the Ministry of Consumer and Business Services. STORES IN MANITOBA.


If the work or parts listed on this invoice were performed by a CTC shop located in Manitoba, you have rights and protections under The Consumer Protection Act when it comes to motor vehicle work and repairs. A written estimate for repairs that cost more than 100 must have been given to you unless you declined to receive a written estimate, and you specifically authorized the maximum amount that you would pay for the work or repairs, and the cost charged for the work or repairs did not exceed your authorized maximum amount.


You cannot be charged a fee for an estimate unless you were told about the fee and agreed to pay it.


You cannot be charged for work or repairs you did not authorize.


You cannot be charged more than the total of the estimate plus 10 of that estimate up to a maximum of 100.


If you have concerns about the work performed or repairs done by the repairer or about your rights under The Consumer Protection Act and your responsibilities as a consumer, you should contact the Consumer Protection Office at 204-945-3800 or toll-free at 1-800-782-0067.


No one may ask you to or make you waive or limit your rights under the Motor Vehicle Work and Repairs Part of The Consumer Protection Act.


Shop Supplies are calculated at a rate of 10 of labour sales. CONTACT US.


BY EMAIL:


{REMOVED HREF} COMPLETE THIS EMAIL FORM.


BY PHONE: Online Customer Support: 1-866-SHOP-CTR (1-866-746-7287) Corporate Customer Relations: English: 1-800-387-8803French: 1-800-565-3356 Canadian Tire Roadside Assistance: 1-888-727-7478 Options MasterCard: 1-800-459-6415 Triangle Rewards: 1-800-226-8473 BY MAIL: PO Box 2000, Station MainWelland, ON L3B 5S3.


