


1. Name and contact details of the person responsible for data processing.


This data protection information applies to data processing by:


responsible:


PARAGON GROUP USA INC.


Link2Home Product Division.


New Jersey, USA.


E-Mail: info[] {removed hyperref}.


Phone: 1-888-783-6082.


2. Collection and storage of personal data, and form and purpose of use.


a) When you visit our website.


When you access the website {removed hyperref} information is automatically sent to the website server by the browser in use on your end device. This information is temporarily stored in a logfile. Without any action on your part, the following information is collected and will be stored until it is deleted automatically:


IP address of the accessing computer,


Date and time of access,


Name and URL of the file accessed,


Website from which access takes place (referrer URL),


Browser used and as applicable your computers operating system and the name of your access provider.


We process the above data for the following purposes:


To guarantee that our website has a smooth connection setup,


To guarantee that our website is convenient to use,


To evaluate the system security and stability, and.


For other administrative purposes.


The legal basis for our data processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 (f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest ensues from the purposes of data collection listed above. In no event will the data collected be used for the purpose of drawing conclusions as to your identity. When you visit our website, we also use cookies and analysis services. You can find further information on this in Points 4 and 5 of this data privacy statement.


b) When you use our contact form.


If you have questions of any kind, we offer you the option of contacting us via a form provided on the website. This requires you to enter a valid email address so that we know who has sent the query and are able to answer it. Further information can be provided voluntarily. Data is processed for the purpose of your contacting us in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 (a) GDPR on the basis of your voluntarily granted consent.


The personal data we have collected for the use of the contact form will be automatically deleted after the question you have asked has been dealt with.


3. Transmission of data.


Your personal data will not be transmitted to third parties for any purposes other than those stated below.


We will only pass your personal data on to third parties if:


You have issued your express consent to this in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 (a) GDPR,


Such transmission is necessary in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 (f) GDPR for the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims and there is no reason to assume that you have an overriding interest, requiring protection, in the non-transmission of your data,


In the event of there being a legal obligation for such transmission in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 (c) GDPR, and.


This is legally permitted and, in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 (b) GDPR, is necessary for the performance of contractual relations with you.


4. Cookies.


On our site we use cookies. These are small files that your browser automatically creates and that are stored on your end device (laptop, tablet, smartphone or similar) when you visit our site. Cookies do not cause any damage to your end device, and do not contain any viruses, Trojans or other malware. The cookie stores information that results from connection with the specifically used end device. However, this does not mean that we can obtain direct knowledge of your identity in this way. The use of cookies serves on the one hand to make the use of our site more pleasant for you. Thus we use session cookies to identify that you have already visited individual pages of our website. These are automatically deleted when you leave our site. In addition we use temporary cookies, which are stored on your end device for a particular specified period of time, to optimise the user-friendliness. If you visit our site again to use our services, the site will automatically recognise the fact that you have already been there and the entries you made and settings you used, so that you do not have to enter them again. On the other hand we use cookies to record the use of our website statistically and evaluate this for the purpose of optimising our offering for you (see Point 5). If you visit our site again, these cookies will enable us to recognise automatically that you have already been here. These cookies are automatically deleted after a defined period of time. The data processed by cookies are required for the stated purpose of safeguarding our legitimate interests and those of third parties in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 (f) GDPR.


Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can configure your browser so that no cookies are stored on your computer or so that a message always appears before a new cookie is installed. However, totally deactivating cookies might result in your being unable to use all the functions of our website.


5. Analysis tools.


A) TRACKING TOOLS.


The tracking measures we use that are listed below are undertaken on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 (f) GDPR. By means of the tracking measures used, we want to ensure that our website is designed according to the users needs and is continuously optimised. We also use the tracking measures to record the use of our website statistically and for the purpose of optimising our offering for you. These interests are considered legitimate within the meaning of the aforementioned Regulation. The respective data processing purposes and data categories can be seen under the corresponding tracking tools below.


I) GOOGLE ANALYTICS.


For the purpose of designing our site according to the users needs and the continuous optimisation of our site, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ({removed href} {removed hyperref}/) (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; referred to below as Google). In this context pseudonymised usage profiles are created and cookies are used (see Point 4). The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website, such as.


Browser type/version,


Operating system used,


Referrer URL (the site you previously visited),


Hostname of the accessing computer (IP address),


Time of the server query,


is transmitted to and stored by Google on a server in the USA.


This information is used for evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage for the purposes of market research and designing these Internet pages in accordance with the users needs. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Googles behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.


The IP addresses are anonymised so that no allocation is possible (IP masking). You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent the acquisition of data relating to the use of the website (including your IP address) generated by the cookies and the processing of such data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in from the following address ({removed href} {removed hyperref}?). As an alternative to the browser add-on, especially for browsers on mobile devices, you can also prevent the acquisition of data by Google Analytics by clicking on this link. This will install an opt-out cookie which will prevent the future acquisition of your data when you visit this website. The opt-out cookie will apply only in this browser and only for our website and will be stored on your device. If you delete the cookies in your browser, you will have to reinstall the opt-out cookie. Further information about data protection in connection with Google Analytics can be found for example in the Google Analytics Help Center ({removed href} {removed hyperref}? hlen).


II) GOOGLE ADWORDS CONVERSION TRACKING.


In order to record the use of our website statistically and evaluate this for the purpose of optimising our website for you, we also use Google Conversion Tracking. This enables Google AdWords to place a cookie (see Point 4) on your computer if you have accessed our website via a Google ad. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used for the purpose of personal identification. If the user visits certain pages of the AdWords customers website and the cookie is still valid, Google and the customer can recognise the fact that the user has clicked on the ad and has thus been forwarded to this website.


Every AdWords customer receives a different cookie. Cookies can therefore not be traced back via the websites of AdWords customers. The information retrieved via the conversion cookie is used to prepare conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have decided to make use of conversion tracking. AdWords customers are informed of the total number of users who have clicked on their ad, and have thus been forwarded to a website which contains a conversion tracking tag. However, they do not receive any information with which users can be personally identified. If you do not want to participate in the tracking process, you can also refuse any setting of cookies which would be required for tracking for example via a browser setting which universally deactivates the automatic setting of cookies. You can also deactivate cookies for conversion tracking by setting your browser so that cookies from the domain {removed hyperref} are blocked. Googles data privacy notice regarding conversion tracking can be found here ({removed href} {removed hyperref}. html).


6. Rights of the data subject.


You have the following rights:


in accordance with Art. 15 GDPR the right to request information about your personal data that we have processed. In particular you can request information about the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned, the categories of recipient to whom your data has been or will be disclosed, the planned storage period, the existence of a right to correction, deletion, restriction of processing or objection, the existence of a right to complain, the origin of the data insofar as it was not collected by us, and the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, and as applicable meaningful information about the details of this;


in accordance with Art. 16 GDPR the right to request the immediate rectification of incorrect personal data or the completion of your personal data stored by me;


in accordance with Art. 17 GDPR the right to request the erasure of your personal data stored by us, insofar as the processing is not necessary for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information, for compliance with a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;


in accordance with Art. 18 GDPR the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data, insofar as you contest the accuracy of the data, the processing is unlawful but you oppose the erasure of the data and we no longer require the data, but you require this for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, or you have objected to processing in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR;


in accordance with Art. 20 GDPR the right to request to receive your personal data which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or the transmission of these data to another controller;


in accordance with Art. 7 Para. 3 GDPR the right to withdraw the consent you have granted to us at any time. The consequence of this will be that in future we are no longer permitted to continue the data processing on the basis of this consent and.


in accordance with Art. 77 GDPR the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. For this you can generally approach the supervisory authority for your habitual place of residence or place of work.


7. Right of objection.


Insofar as your personal data is processed on the basis of legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 Para. 1 (f) GDPR, in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data if there are grounds for this relating to your personal situation or the objection relates to direct advertising. In the latter case you have a general right of objection that will be implemented by me without your stating a particular situation.


If you wish to make use of your right of retraction or objection, sending an email to info(at) {removed hyperref} is sufficient.


8. Data security.


During your visit to the website we use the widely-used SSL procedure (Secure Socket Layer) in combination with the highest level of encryption supported by your browser. This is usually 256-bit encryption. If your browser does not support 256-bit encryption, we will resort to 128-bit v3 technology instead. You can recognise when an individual page of our Internet site is being transmitted in encrypted form as your browser displays a key or closed padlock icon in the status bar at the bottom of your screen.


Otherwise we use appropriate technical and organisational security measures to protect your data against accidental or deliberate manipulation, partial or total loss, destruction or unauthorised access by third parties. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological development.


9. Updates and modifications to this data privacy statement.


This data privacy statement is currently valid and was last updated on 03. 05. 2018. The further development of our website and offers via the site, or changes to the legal or official requirements, can make it necessary for us to modify this data privacy statement. You can access and print out the current data privacy statement at any time on the website at {removed hyperref}.


Products.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Indoor Remote Control Outlets.


{list item} {removed href} Outdoor Remote Control Outlets.


{list item} {removed href} Power Strips.


{list item} {removed href} USB Chargers.


{list item} {removed href} Cord Reels.


{list item} {removed href} Pop up Sockets.


More...


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Homepage.


{list item} {removed href} About us.


{list item} {removed href} Contact us.


{list item} {removed href} Privacy policy.


{list item} {removed href} Legal info.


Follow us.


{removed href}.


