


Privacy Policy.


This Privacy Policy explains how, when and what to extent we collect, use and share your information across our application. When using our app, you consent to collection, transfer, storage, disclosure, and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. You can be sure that we will only use your information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.


I. How Your Information Is Used.


REGISTRATION AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION: By downloading our app and creating an account, you voluntarily give us personal information including name, email, phone number, and billing information, as needed. If you provide us with your phone number, you agree to receive text messages from us at that number. If you choose to provide us with access to other information, that may include your phone book, calendar, or messages. With your authorization, it also possible that you may grant us ongoing access to your personal information from third-party social media sites.


This information may be accessed and used by our team for among the following purposes:


{number list}.


{list item} Providing, maintaining, and improving our services, including additional features and content.


{list item} Allowing us to respond to your questions and requests, or provide customer service.


{list item} Sending you technical notices, updates, security alerts, support, and administrative messages.


{list item} Monitoring and analyzing trend, usage, and activities, as related to our services.


{list item} Personalizing and improving services.


{list item} Detecting, investigating, and/or preventing fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.


{list item} Carrying out any other purpose for which the information was collected according to this Privacy Policy.


Our systems are not designed to associate personal information with your activities, such as pages you view or things you search for or click on.


LOCATION: As a part of our services, it may be necessary for us to use or store your precise geographic location, if you give us permission to do so. This is intended to provide features of our app and is meant to improve and customize it for your needs. We do not use or share this data for any other purpose. We only share this location information with others as approved by you. For your information, many devices will indicate through an icon when location services are operating.


LOG DATA: Our servers automatically record information, or log data, which is a result of your use of our app and is sent to us when you sign in. The information included in the log data may be IP address, operating system, device, and search terms. This information is used to help us improve and optimize the app for its primary uses.


LIMITED PERIOD OF PERSONAL DATA STORAGE: Our systems are designed to retain record of log data received for up to 30 days after it is collected. We remove personally identifiable information, including names, addresses, emails, and phone numbers, and any other information associated with your account, after your account is deleted.


RESTRICTIONS TOWARDS CHILDREN: We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us. We can assure you that we will take steps to remove the information and ensure that any accounts created by the child are closed.


NO AD COMPANIES COLLECT DATA THROUGH OUR SERVICE: We do not allow advertising companies to collect data through our service for ad targeting.


II. When We Disclose Information.


THIRD PARTIES: We may provide personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information only to our subsidiaries for the purpose of processing such information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with our Privacy Policy, and ew use reasonable efforts to limit their use of such information and to use other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.


LAW AND HARM: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we may preserve or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities, including but not limited to fraud, potential threats to public safety or the physical safety of any person; to protect the security or integrity of our products and services; or to protect rights, property, and our personal safety, our staff, our users, or others. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party, including government, making a request to disclose your information.


BUSINESS TRANSFERS: In the event that we are involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization, or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. This Privacy Policy will apply to your information as transferred to the new entity. We may also disclose information about you to our corporate affiliates in order to help provide, understand, and improve our app and our affiliates apps.


NON-PRIVATE OR NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION: We may share or disclose your non-personal information, such as your public user profile information, shared information, etc. Remember: your privacy and visibility settings control whether personal or other information are made public.


III. You Can Request to See Your Personal Data.


If youre interested in seeing what information we have about you, you can sign into your account to see any personally identifiable information weve stored, such as your name, email address, address, or phone number. You can also contact us by email to request to see this information.


Users are able to update or correct personal profile information and email preferences at any time by visiting your account profile page, only via the web interface. We can provide you with additional support to access, correct, delete, or modify the personal information you provided to us in connection with your account.


We are committed to protecting your privacy and security, taking reasonable steps, such as requesting any personal information to verify your identity before making corrections. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password and account information at all times.


IV. Our Commitment to Data Security.


We use appropriate physical, managerial, and technical procedures to safeguard data and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect about you. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you convey to us, and you do so at your own risk. Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assures you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer or mobile phone by taking precautionary steps such as signing off after using a shared computer or phone, choosing a password that no one knows or can easily guess, and keeping your password private. Also, you should never share your login information with others. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.


V. Changes to this Policy.


We may occasionally revise our Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes to our policies, we will place a prominent notice on our website or application. If we make a change to this Policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you via the email address you optionally provided during sign up. By continuing to access or use the app after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.


VI. How to Contact Us.


If you have further privacy concerns, please do not hesitate to {removed href} contact us.


