


Privacy Policy.


JAVASCRIPT SEEMS TO BE DISABLED IN YOUR BROWSER. For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} PRIVACY POLICY.


{removed href}.


Privacy Policy.


{removed hyperref} respects your privacy. In order to provide you with the best products, timely information and quality customer service, we record a variety of information from your visit to our site. {removed hyperref} does not sell or otherwise distribute client information to any outside entity without your consent.


When you purchase products and services from {removed hyperref}, we collect your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and credit card information. We use this information to fulfill your order and to communicate with you in various ways that may include product information, company press material and promotion of MaxximaStyle products. In providing these great products to you, {removed hyperref} will absolutely never share your personal information with outside parties unless it proves necessary to service your account.


{removed hyperref} Commitment to Data Security To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.


Wherever {removed hyperref} collects sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for https at the beginning of the address of the web page.


While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees of {removed hyperref} who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.


The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.


Contests Promotions.


General Terms Conditions: The following terms and conditions apply to all contests and promotions on {removed hyperref} and on associated channels, including all social media platforms.


Eligibility: Employees of Maxxima, its affiliates, subsidiaries, and immediate family members and/or those living in the same household of Employees are not eligible to participate in any Campaign.


Agreement to Rules: By participating, the Contestant (You) agree to be fully unconditionally bound by the rules, and You represent and warrant that You meet the eligibility requirements. In addition, You agree to accept the decisions of Maxxima as final and binding as it relates to the content of any Campaign.


Winner Notification: Maxxima shall have no liability for Winners failure to receive notices due to spam, junk e-mail or other security settings or for Winners provision of incorrect or otherwise non-functioning contact information. If Winner cannot be contacted, is ineligible, or fails to claim the prize within 30 days from the time award notification was sent, the prize may be forfeited and an alternate Winner selected.


Campaign Termination/Suspension: Maxxima reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the Campaign should non-authorized human intervention, fraud, or other cause beyond Maxximas control corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, or proper conduct of the Campaign. In such case, Maxxima may select the Winner from all eligible entries received prior to and/or after (if appropriate) the action taken. Maxxima reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify any individual who tampers or attempts to tamper with the entry process or the operation of the Campaign or website or violates these Terms Conditions.


{removed href} About Maxxima {removed href} Contact Us {removed href} Shipping Returns {removed href} Privacy Policy.


