


Privacy Policy.


{bullet list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


Introduction.


We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. This privacy policy describes the types of information AVer Information Inc., USA may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit this website or share via other activities, and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.


This policy applies to information we collect:


{number list}.


{list item} On this Website.


{list item} In email and other electronic messages between you and this Website.


{list item} When you interact with our advertising on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.


{list item} From in-person events and information exchanges.


Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.


Children Under the Age of 16.


Our Website is not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any personal information on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on this Website. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at the email address below.


Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It.


We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:


{number list}.


{list item} By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (personal information);


{list item} That is about you but individually does not identify you; and/or.


{list item} About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and usage details. We collect this information:


{list item} Directly from you when you provide it to us.


{list item} Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, and other tracking technologies.


{list item} From third parties, for example, our business partners.


Information You Provide to Us.


The information we collect on or through our Website may include:


{number list}.


{list item} Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of subscribing to our offers, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Website.


{list item} Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.


{list item} Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.


{list item} As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including: Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address.


The information we collect automatically is only statistical data and does not include personal information.


How We Use Your Information.


We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:


{number list}.


{list item} To present our Website and its contents to you.


{list item} To provide you with information, products, or services that you have requested from us currently or in the past.


{list item} To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.


{list item} To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.


Disclosure of Your Information.


We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:


{number list}.


{list item} To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.


{list item} We may also disclose your personal information to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including responding to any government or regulatory request.


{list item} We do not sell your personal information to any third party.


Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.


We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:


{number list}.


{list item} Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.


We do not control third parties collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. California residents have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see [Your California Privacy Rights] below for more information.


Your California Privacy Rights.


If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), visit {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Notice to European Users.


This Site and the services on this Site are targeted for users in the United States of America. Any information you enter on this Site may be transferred outside of the European Union to the United States of America which does not offer an equivalent level of protection to that required in the European Union. In particular, you are advised that the United States of America uses a sectoral model of privacy protection that relies on a mix of legislation, governmental regulation, and self-regulation. Article 26 of the European Unions Data Protection Directive (Directive 95/46/EC, 1995 O. J. (L 281) 31) allows for transfer of personal data from the European Union to a third country if the individual has unambiguously given his consent to the transfer of personal information, regardless of the third countrys level of protection. By using this Site or the services, you consent to the transfer of all such information to the United States of America which may not offer an equivalent level of protection to that required in the European Union and to the processing of that information by the Company on its servers located in the United States of America as described in this Privacy Policy.


Changes to Our Privacy Policy.


We may change this Privacy Statement from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the Privacy Statement and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Statement whenever you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.


{removed href} Sitemap / {removed href} Change Location Copyrights 1991-2021 AVer Information Inc., All Rights Reserved. {removed href} Privacy Policy.


