


Our confidentiality policy has been drafted in order to explain with total transparency how we process your personal data.


If you do not find the answer to your questions in this document, feel free to contact us through this email: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


1. WHICH DATA ARE COLLECTED?


The use of Cacagoo products and services request data to be collected. Those data identifies you either directly or indirectly.


Data that identifies you directly may be your first name or surname, your date of birth, your e-mail address, your photo, etc. We may also collect data that identify you indirectly such as your weight.


2. WHICH MEANS ARE AT YOUR DISPOSAL TO KEEP CONTROL OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA?


We believe that you should always have the means to protect your privacy when you use connected objects. At Cacagoo we consider that we should support you and protect your privacy as fully as possible by guaranteeing you the following rights:


RIGHT TO ACCESS YOUR DATA.


Your personal data is and shall remain easily accessible. This means that you can always export your personal data in an open format for you to easily keep and access to them.


RIGHT TO AMEND YOUR DATA.


At any time you may amend, add to, delete or update the personal data produced by an active measurement on your part. This may be done directly in the application or on request.


RIGHT TO OBJECT TO YOUR DATA BEING PROCESSED.


You may for legitimate reasons object to your personal data being processed by contacting our customer service department. However, be aware that this action might limit the scope of Cacagoo products and services.


RIGHT TO PROTECT YOUR DATA.


At Cacagoo, we use various methods to safeguard your data How do we protect your data? you need to have a password-protected account to access your data.


RIGHT TO CONTROL YOUR DATA SHARING.


We have designed and developed a dashboard that shows you clearly with whom you have shared your data. This tool has been conceived to allow you to control and stop the sharing of your data with our partners or with other users.


3. HOW TO IDENTIFY DATA COLLECTED?


Transparency and easy access are key factors for us. We have created this list of pictograms so that you can easily identify what is processed.


Identity data.


Body metrics data.


Activity data.


4. WHICH DATA ARE COLLECTED AND WHEN?


Cacagoo objects and services collect data when you use them. We decided to list and explain you in details different scenarios in order for you to have a clear understanding of the means of data collections we use.


You therefore transmit data to us:


When you visit and use our websites and services.


When you create a Cacagoo account.


When you use our applications.


When you activate and use a Cacagoo product.


When you log on to your Cacagoo account with a partner.


When you contact our customer service department.


When you visit and use our websites and services.


We collect certain data when you use our website or when you take part in our events or reply to our questionnaires. Certain information are collected even if you do not have a Cacagoo account. This may happen when you view pages, take part in surveys, competitions or events, write a comment on our website, share a page on a social network, order a product, etc.


When you order a product on our website, we have to retain certain data relating to your order, such as your delivery and billing address, even if you choose the option allowing you to order without creating an account. However, Cacagoo will never have access or store your bank details.


5. CAN THE PRIVACY POLICY CHANGE?


We may change our confidentiality policy to adapt to your needs, to the evolution of the legal framework or when we develop our products and services. We shall inform you of any modification performed.


OUR SITE RUNS OF COOKIES.


TOMTOP use cookies to give you the best shopping experience. If you continue to use our services or create a new account, we will assume that you agree to our. {removed href} Privacy Policy. X.


