


1-7-2020 ({removed href} Download TRENDnet Privacy Policy - PDF).


TRENDnet values our customers trust and is committed to the responsible management, use and protection of personal information. When you visit {removed hyperref} and share personal information, you can be assured that we are committed to your personal privacy. The following is TRENDnets Privacy Policy. We encourage you to read this Policy carefully before providing any personal information on our Website. Should you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} or Tel.: (310) 961-5500.


REQUESTED PERSONAL INFORMATION.


TRENDnet collects personal information to support normal business operations and to improve your experience while visiting {removed hyperref}. Providing information including, but not limited to, your name, e-mail address, phone number, address, type of business, and customer preference is optional.


For example, we request information from you when you:


{bullet list}.


{list item} Register for a Partner Program.


{list item} Register products for warranty.


{list item} Provide feedback.


{list item} Subscribe to a newsletter or a mailing list.


{list item} Participate in promotional offers.


TRENDnet does not intend, nor design our Website, to collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have obtained such information, it will be deleted.


You may make corrections and updates to your personal information by contacting {removed href} {removed hyperref} or Tel.: (310) 961-5500.


YOUR RIGHT TO DECLINE COMMUNICATIONS.


TRENDnet provides users with the ability to choose whether to receive communications from us or our partners. Only TRENDnet (or agents working on behalf of TRENDnet and under confidentiality agreements) will send you information on our various products and services. TRENDnet provides users with the ability to choose whether to receive such mailings, when you provide your personal information. You may also opt-out of receiving further marketing communications by sending an email to {removed href} {removed hyperref} or Tel.: (310) 961-5500. {removed href}.


PERSONAL INFORMATION DISCLOSURE.


TRENDnet will not disclose your personal information to any outside organization without your consent. Your information may be shared with agents or contractors of TRENDnet for the purpose of performing services for TRENDnet. TRENDnet will take reasonable steps to protect user privacy consistent with the guidelines set forth in this policy and the applicable laws.


TRENDNET FOLLOWS GENERALLY ACCEPTED INDUSTRY STANDARDS TO PROTECT THE PERSONAL INFORMATION SUBMITTED TO US, BOTH DURING TRANSMISSION AND ONCE IT IS RECEIVED. HOWEVER, NO METHOD OF TRANSMISSION OVER THE INTERNET IS 100 SECURE. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords or any account information. While we strive to protect your personal information, TRENDnet cannot guarantee protection of all information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.


COOKIES AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES.


Cookies are text files created by websites and stored on your hard drive. The purpose of cookies is to identify user preferences and thereby provide an easier, more personal Website experience. When using a public computer, most browsers will allow you to delete cookies after use.


THIRD PARTY WEBSITES.


Agents or contractors of TRENDnet who have access to personal information are required to keep the information confidential and use it only to carry out TRENDnet business. Please be aware that other Websites that may be accessed through our site may collect personally identifiable information about you. The information practices of those third-party web sites linked to {removed hyperref} are not covered by this privacy statement.


TRENDnet is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to {removed hyperref}.


CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.


TRENDnet will not sell personal information to third party vendors (pursuant to California Civil Code 1798. 1001798. 199). TRENDnet will not share personal information with third party vendors for direct marketing purposes (pursuant to California Civil Code Sec. 1798. 83).


CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.


TRENDnet may periodically amend our Privacy Policy; amendments made shall supersede any earlier version. By using this Website, you agree to TRENDnets Privacy Policy.


CONTACT TRENDNE t.


TRENDnet is the sole operator of the {removed hyperref} Website. If you would like to contact us for any reason regarding our Privacy Policy, please write or email us at the following address:


Privacy Policy.


TRENDnet.


20675 Manhattan Place.


Torrance, CA, USA 90501.


{removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Tel.: (310) 961-5500.


{number list}.


{list item} Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U. S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc., registered in the U. S. and other countries.


{list item} Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc.


{removed href}.


