


Privacy policy Terms of Use Aeotec.


Company.


Privacy policy terms of use.


This privacy and terms of use policy is for {removed hyperref} and the associated Aeotec websites including, but not necessarily limited to, our partner site and our support site / help desk. It is served by Aeotec Limited (Aeotec, we, us or our) of Hong Kong at Office 4 10/F Kwan Chart Tower, 6 Tonnochy Road, Wan Chai and governs the privacy of each sites users who choose to use them. It explains how Aeotec complies with the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR, the Data Protection Act (DPA), and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations (PECR). Both Aeotecs Privacy Policy and its Terms of Use Policy were developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the highest quality products and services with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our clients and partners. These policies is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our sites and our products and services. This statement will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customers needs. If Aeotec changes our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our website(s) to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it via those changes.


This policy page will explain websites and website areas that may affect your privacy and personal details, how we process, collect, manage, and store those details, and how your rights under the GDPR, DPA PECR are adhered to.


This policy page does not explain the terms and conditions of any Aeotec services including, but not limited to, AutoPilot and Aeotec Id. Further, it does not explain the terms and conditions for other Aeotec owned properties such as {removed href} Popp Co.. Nor does it explore the privacy policy of such services. Separate documentation on {removed href} Aeotec services terms of use is available at that link.


You can contact Aeotec via {removed hyperref}/ should you have any questions.


Aeotec takes no responsibility for any 3rd party content, and / or recommendations referred to in this policy.


What information do we collect?


{removed hyperref} and its associated websites collect some information which we use to develop and enhance the services we offer to you. When you visit Aeotecs website you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly and voluntarily choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis, and website use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our websites. This data collection involves the use of cookies across our websites. Where you are opting to provide personal information it also includes, but may not be limited to, data that you enter into various forms across {removed hyperref} including, but not limited to, our contact form, support request form, and any internal site search engines. Where you provide personal information to Aeotec you do so at your own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at your own risk. Through your use of Aeotecs websites you consent for Aeotec to collect any or all of the information that you give us.


What information do 3rd parties collect?


Like the vast majority of websites, Aeotecs websites utilise 3rd party services, including third party data processors, in order to provide their services and features. These services typically collect the same two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis, and website use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our websites. The latter are typically collected and stored utilising cookies. Where you provide a 3rd party with personal information you do so at your own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at your own risk. The 3rd party services and systems Aeotec utilises include, but are not necessarily limited to;


Cloudflare; Aeotec use this service to provide load balancing and security measures for Aeotecs websites. You can read Cloudflares privacy policy {removed href} here.


Courthope Sheafe product and manage our marketing efforts including, but not limited to, our mailers and {removed hyperref}.


Freshdesk; Aeotec use this service in order to provide product support to customers and end users of Aeotec and Popp branded products that are made in-house. Where you provide your personal information, Freshdesk will store and process it on behalf of Aeotec. You will provide your personal information when utilising any relevant data-entry forms upon Freshdesks own website and Aeotecs technical support contact form at {removed hyperref}. Aeotec stores data provided to this platform for a set amount of time, typically no more than 3 years, inline with our warranty obligations to both customers and end users. Upon deletion, no personal data will be retained. Aeotec will, however, retain data of a non-personal nature including which products have resulted in an end user or customer needed to contact us. We do this in order to be able to improve and refine both our support and products. You can find out more about Freshdesks privacy policy {removed href} here.


Google; Aeotec uses Google services for various analytics and form data purposes. We particularly use Google Analytics and Google Forms, with the latter used to capture data from some, but not all, forms on {removed hyperref} in order that we can receive your contact message and contact you.


PipeDrive; Aeotec use this CRM service to better manage our relationships with B2B trade customers. The consensually provided data we utilise in this service is only data that customers provide, typically when lodging a trade enquiry via Aeotecs {removed href} contact form. You can read PipeDrives privacy policy {removed href} here.


Zoho; Aeotec utilises Zoho as part of its ERP in order to invoice customers and manage its emails. Data captured within Zoho is all information pertaining to invoices and warranties for our trade partners, and all emails and the content they contain for anyone we contact or who contacts us. You can read Zohos privacy policy {removed href} here and its GDPR policy {removed href} here.


While we may use a variety of service providers to perform advertising services, some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. You may want to visit {removed href} this link, which provides information regarding targeted advertising and the opt-out procedures of NAI members. You may also want to visit {removed href} this link, which provides information regarding targeted advertising and offers an opt-out by participating companies in the DAA Self-Regulatory Program.


Cookies.


If you do not know what cookies are, or how to control or delete them, then we recommend you visit {removed href} {removed hyperref} or {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Change settings for cookies and trackers.


Those wishing to permanently block cookies and trackers from all the websites which they use can read {removed href} {removed hyperref} and the following links: {removed href} Apple Safari, {removed href} Google Analytics, {removed href} Google Chrome, {removed href} Microsoft Edge, {removed href} Microsoft Internet Explorer, {removed href} Mozilla Firefox, {removed href} Opera.


Deleting and / or blocking cookies may impair the functionality of this and other sites.


You are advised that if you wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on your computer, you need to take necessary steps within your devices security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors.


How do we use the information you provide us?


Broadly speaking, Aeotec uses information you provide for purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service, and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. As described throughout this policy document, this data collection includes the collection of cookies and data explicitly inputted into forms across our websites. Cookies are largely used by Aeotec to give us a better understanding of how our whole audience use our websites. Where you have explicitly given us permission to do so, we may occasionally also use the collected information to notify you of important changes to our websites, new services, new products, and special offers we think you will find valuable. You will be given the opportunity to withdraw consent for such contact and to remove yourself from any mailing list or similar device.


We may from time to time provide information of a general nature to third parties for example, the number of individuals visiting our website or completing a registration form. We may from time to time provide information of a more specific nature, such as contact information, where you express interest in volume trade with Aeotec via our contact for and that trade requires you to communicate with a distributor. We will only do this when you have specifically provided your information for the purpose of trade.


We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.


Aeotec reserves the right, and you authorise us, to the use and assignment of all information collected via the use of Aeotecs websites by you and all information provided by you in any manner consistent with our Privacy Policy.


For any Third-Party Data you provide to Aeotec, you represent and warrant that you have received all necessary consents for (a) you to share the Third Party Data with Aeotec and its Affiliates, and (b) Aeotec and its Affiliates to use the Third-Party Data.


Social media policy.


Aeotec does have official profiles on social media platforms and you are advised to verify authenticity of such profiles before engaging with, or sharing information with such profiles including these {removed href} Twitter and {removed href} YouTube accounts. Aeotec will never ask for user passwords or personal details on social media platforms.


There may be instances where Aeotecs websites feature social media sharing buttons that are designed to help you share web content directly from Aeotecs websites to the respective social media platforms. You use social sharing buttons at your own discretion and accept that doing so may publish content to your social media profile feed and / or page.


External website links.


Aeotec websites link to 3rd party websites. This includes links to Aeotec content hosted on 3rd party websites including, but not limited to, Github, YouTube, and Freshdesk. Aeotec cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite our best efforts nor content that is served alongside the content to which we are attempting to direct you. Aeotec is not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions of 3rd party websites. No 3rd party website is investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by Aeotec. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and that Aeotec cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links.


Aeotec makes no representation about the practices and policies of 3rd party websites. Please remember that when you use a link to go from {removed hyperref} to another website, Aeotecs privacy policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which we have linked or by other means directed you to, is subject to that websites own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.


Consent.


Aeotec uses various technologies and statements across it websites in order to give you due notice and warning about its privacy and terms of use policies. Aeotec uses the technologies and statements in order to receive explicitly consent from you. This includes, but is not limited to, the privacy policy warning presented to all European Union visitors upon their first use of {removed hyperref}. Your use of Aeotecs websites gives Aeotec and any 3rd parties integrated into Aeotecs websites or providing any part of Aeotecs services the right to collect the information described, alluded to or inferred. By using Aeotecs websites, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the described privacy policy and terms of use (Agreement). Please review the following terms carefully. If you do not agree to these terms, you should not review information or obtain goods or products from our websites or in any way recommended by our websites.


This Agreement is made up of this main body and the following appendixes; {removed href} Aeotecs warranty and our {removed href} Terms and Conditions of Trade. These appendixes are considered to be part a full part of this Agreement. Where any element of any appendix is legally found to be in conflict with this Agreement, this Agreement shall take precedence while all other areas of the Appendix shall be considered to remain in place and in force.


This Agreement and the afore-stated appendixes constitute the entire and only agreement between us and you, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties, and understandings with respect to Aeotecs websites, the content, products or services provided by or through Aeotecs websites, and the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended at any time by us from time to time without specific notice to you. The latest Agreement will be posted at {removed hyperref} and you should review this Agreement prior to using Aeotecs websites and / or other services.


Copyright.


The content, organisation, graphics, design, compilation, magnetic translation, digital conversion and other matters related to Aeotecs websites are protected under applicable copyrights, trademarks and other proprietary (including, but not limited to, intellectual property) rights. The copying, redistribution, use or publication by you of any such matters or any part of Aeotecs websites, except as allowed by Limited right to use, is strictly prohibited. You do not acquire ownership rights to any content, document or other materials viewed through Aeotecs websites. The posting of information or materials on Aeotecs websites does not constitute a waiver of any right in such information and materials.


Copyrights and copyright agents.


We respect the intellectual property of others and we ask you to do the same. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our Copyright Agent the following information:


{bullet list}.


{list item} An electronic or physical signature of the person authorised to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;


{list item} A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;


{list item} A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on Aeotecs websites;


{list item} Your address, telephone number, and email address;


{list item} A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorised by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and.


{list item} A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorised to act on the copyright owners behalf.


Our Copyright Agent for Notice of claims of copyright infringement on Aeotecs websites can be reached via {removed href} {removed hyperref}/.


Downloads and media files.


Any downloadable documents, files, drivers or media on Aeotecs websites are provided by Aeotec as a service to its customers and may be downloaded subject to the provisions below. By downloading any materials from our websites, you agree to these Terms, unless the downloads are accompanied by a separate download agreement, in which case the terms of that agreement shall control your rights to use the downloads. If you do not agree to these terms, do not download from Aeotecs websites. Please be aware that the use of these downloads in any particular system or product may or may not actually work. Aeotec does not guarantee for the performance of downloads in any system. All downloads are provided to users at their own risk.


The downloads are copyrighted and protected by worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions. Any unauthorised use of any downloads from Aeotecs websites may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. The {removed hyperref} may not be copied, reproduced, modified, published, uploaded, posted, transmitted, and / or distributed in any way without Aeotecs prior written permission. You may download solely for your personal, noncommercial internal use unless specifically licensed to do otherwise by Aeotec in writing or as allowed by any license terms that accompany or are provided with the individual downloads. This is a license, not a transfer of title, and is subject to the following restrictions:


You may not:


{number list}.


{list item} Modify the downloads or use them for any commercial purpose, or any public display, performance, sale, or rental.


{list item} Decompile, reverse-engineer, or disassemble any download except and only to the extent permitted by applicable law or unless specifically licensed to do otherwise by Aeotec in writing or as allowed by any license terms that accompany or are provided with individual Drivers.


{list item} Remove any copyright or other proprietary notices from the downloads.


{list item} Transfer the downloads to any other person or entity.


You agree to prevent any unauthorised copying of any downloads. Aeotec may terminate this license with respect to one or more downloads at any time if you are in breach of these Terms with respect to the applicable downloads. Upon termination, you will immediately destroy the downloads, and certify to Aeotec that you have done so.


While all precautions have been undertaken to ensure only genuine downloads are available, you are advised to verify their authenticity using 3rd party anti-virus software or similar applications. We accept no responsibility for 3rd party downloads and downloads provided by external 3rd party websites and advise you to verify their authenticity using 3rd anti-virus software or similar applications.


Limited right to use.


The viewing, printing or downloading of any content, graphic, form or document from Aeotecs websites grants you only a limited, nonexclusive license for use solely by you for your own personal use and not for republication, distribution, assignment, sublicense, sale, preparation of derivative works or other use. No part of any content, form or document may be reproduced in any form or incorporated into any information retrieval system, electronic or mechanical, other than for your personal use (but not for resale or redistribution).


Editing, deleting, and modification.


We reserve the right in our sole discretion to edit or delete any documents, information or other content appearing on Aeotecs websites.


Accuracy of information.


Aeotecs marketing material including, but not limited to, its website contain information about us and our products. All reasonable efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy of the contents. Aeotec make no warranty of any kind with regard to material, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties and fitness for purpose of any product. Aeotec shall not be liable for any errors contained in this material or for incidental or consequential damages in connection with the furnishing, performance, or use of this material. We disclaim any duty or obligation to update this information.


How you can access your information.


You may request a copy of all your personally identifiable information that we collect via Aeotecs websites by contacting us via {removed href} {removed hyperref}. You may utilise the same points of contact in order to request deletion of such personally identifiable data.


Indemnification.


You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us and our partners, attorneys, staff and affiliates (collectively, Affiliated Parties) harmless from any liability, loss, claim and expense, including reasonable attorneys fees, related to your violation of this Agreement or use of Aeotecs websites.


Nontransferable.


Your right to use Aeotecs websites is not transferable. Any password or right given to you to obtain information or documents is not transferable.


Third-party Merchant services.


We allow access to or advertise third-party merchant sites (Merchants) from which you may purchase certain goods or services. You understand that we do not operate or control the products or services offered by Merchants. Merchants are responsible for all aspects of order processing, fulfilment, billing, customer service (including, but not limited to, support, warranty, and return services), and their own privacy and terms of use policies. We are not party to the transactions entered into between you and Merchants. You agree that use of such Merchants is AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND IS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND BY US, EXPRESSED, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF TITLE, FITNESS FOR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES ARE WE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN YOU AND MERCHANTS OR FOR ANY INFORMATION APPEARING ON MERCHANT SITES OR ANY OTHER SITE LINKED TO OUR SITE.


All rules, policies (including privacy policies) and operating procedures of Merchants will apply to you while on such sites. We are not responsible for information provided by you to Merchants. We and the Merchants are independent contractors and neither party has authority to make any representations or commitments on behalf of the other.


Return and refund policy.


Inline with each devices {removed href} warranty and terms of sale, please inquire the retailer or website from which you purchased the products on their return policy for Aeotec goods.


Trademarks.


The following is a non-exhaustive list of Aeotecs trademarks and service marks. When using the marks in publications that will be distributed only in the United States, include the appropriate TM, SM, or symbol on first use. For publications that will be distributed outside the United States, do not include trademark symbols. Instead use the appropriate trademark attribution notice, for example: Gen5 is a trademark of Aeotec Limited, registered in the U. S. and other countries.


The list also includes a suggested generic term for each trademark.


Aeotecs trademarks are adjectives, and should not be made into verbs or made plural or possessive.


The absence of a product or service name or logo from this list does not constitute a waiver of Aeotecs trademark or other intellectual property rights concerning that name or logo.


Aeotec Aeotec logo arQ arQ logo Autopilot logo Dual Nano SwitchTMin-wall dual switch controllerGen5TM500 series Z-WaveGen5 logoTM Gen7TM700 series Z-WaveGen7 logo IlluminoTMconnected lightingMultiSensor 6TMmotion sensorNanoMoteTMremote controlNano DimmerTMin-wall dimmer controllerNano ShutterTMin-wall shutter controllerNano SwitchTMin-wall switch controllerPOPP logo S2 logo SmartStart logo Smart Switch 6TMsmart plugsSmart Switch 7TMsmart plugsTriSensorTMmotion sensorWallMoteTMwall switchWallSwipeTMwall switchZ-Pi 7TM Z-Wave.


Other product and company names mentioned on Aeotecs websites may be trademarks of their respective owners.


Payments.


You represent and warrant that if you are purchasing something from us or from 3rd party sellers of Aeotec products that.


{bullet list}.


{list item} any credit information you supply is true and complete,


{list item} charges incurred by you will be honoured by your credit card company, and.


{list item} you will pay the charges incurred by you at the posted prices, including any applicable taxes.


Discounts.


From time to time, Aeotec may utilise its marketing services to offer promotional discount codes or other forms of sales promotions. This includes, but is not limited to, discount code offers to new subscribers of our newsletter service. All discount and sales promotions will only be valid for use with select e-commerce sites including, and potentially limited to, {removed href} {removed hyperref} and Aeotec Limited managed Amazon accounts in the United States. Coupons, codes, and other promotional incentives are typically valid and permitted for one time use per customer and may not be suitable to customers everywhere owing to shipping restrictions. The are also time limited and typically expire within 4 weeks of transmission via Aeotecs email service. Aeotec makes no guarantee of the ability to these sites to ship to you nor warrants any transaction you make with them.


All such promotional activities are offered only to business to consumer purchases and do not apply to already discounted, volume purchases. Coupons, codes, and other promotional incentives may not be used in conjunction with an other offer.


Affiliate program.


Aeotec offers a free service of introducing key-opinion-leaders, influencers, and other publishers of IoT and smart home content to partner retailers in order that the two can establish a working relationship compensated through an {removed href} affiliate program. Upon providing your information to our affiliate sign up form, you agree that your information may potentially be shared with relevant, third parties.


Securities laws.


Aeotecs websites may include statements concerning our operations, prospects, strategies, financial condition, future economic performance and demand for our products or services, as well as our intentions, plans and objectives, that are forward-looking statements. These statements are based upon a number of assumptions and estimates which are subject to significant uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. When used on our Site, words like anticipates, expects, believes, estimates, seeks, plans, intends and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements designed to fall within securities law safe harbours for forward-looking statements. Aeotecs websites and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer or a solicitation of an offer for sale of any securities. None of the information contained herein is intended to be, and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated into any of our securities-related filings or documents.


Miscellaneous.


This Agreement shall be treated as though it were executed and performed in Santa Clara, California, USA, and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California (without regard to conflict of law principles). Any cause of action by you with respect to Aeotecs websites (and/or any information, products or services related thereto) must be instituted within one (1) year after the cause of action arose or be forever waived and barred. All actions shall be subject to the limitations set forth in Section 8 and Section 10. The language in this Agreement shall be interpreted as to its fair meaning and not strictly for or against either party. All legal proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought solely in Santa Clara, California, USA. You expressly submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of said courts and consents to extra-territorial service of process. Should any part of this Agreement be held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed consistent with applicable law and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect. To the extent that anything in or associated with Aeotecs websites is in conflict or inconsistent with this Agreement, this Agreement shall take precedence. Our failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of such provision nor of the right to enforce such provision.


Disclaimer and limits.


THE INFORMATION FROM OR THROUGH AEOTECS WEBSITES ARE PROVIDED AS-IS, AS AVAILABLE, AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARE DISCLAIMED (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE DISCLAIMER OF ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE). THE INFORMATION AND SERVICES MAY CONTAIN BUGS, ERRORS, PROBLEMS OR OTHER LIMITATIONS. WE AND OUR AFFILIATED PARTIES HAVE NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR YOUR USE OF ANY INFORMATION OR SERVICE. IN PARTICULAR, BUT NOT AS A LIMITATION THEREOF, WE AND OUR AFFILIATED PARTIES ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, LITIGATION, OR THE LIKE), WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE NEGATION OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN US AND YOU. THIS SITE AND THE INFORMATION WOULD NOT BE PROVIDED WITHOUT SUCH LIMITATIONS. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM US THROUGH AEOTECS WEBSITES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION OR GUARANTEE NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT.


ALL RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY VIRUSES CONTAINED WITHIN THE ELECTRONIC FILE CONTAINING THE FORM OR DOCUMENT IS DISCLAIMED. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND THAT MAY RESULT FROM USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE OUR SITE. OUR MAXIMUM LIABILITY TO YOU UNDER ALL CIRCUMSTANCES WILL BE EQUAL TO THE PURCHASE PRICE YOU PAY FOR ANY GOODS, SERVICES OR INFORMATION.


END.


