


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} PRIVACY POLICY.


{removed href}.


Privacy Policy.


Effective: January 1, 2021.


Welcome aboard. We believe in transparency and want you to know and understand your and our rights when using our websites, apps, social media pages, and related services.


This Privacy Policy (POLICY) governs your use and interaction with any website operated by Nielsen-Kellerman Co. and/or subsidiary or affiliated company Ambient, LLC or RainWise, Inc. (collectively, NK, WE, US or OUR), including, but not limited to, {removed href} {removed hyperref}, {removed href} {removed hyperref}, {removed href} {removed hyperref}, {removed href} {removed hyperref}, {removed href} {removed hyperref}, {removed href} {removed hyperref}, {removed href} {removed hyperref}, {removed href} {removed hyperref}, {removed href} {removed hyperref}, {removed href} {removed hyperref}, {removed href} {removed hyperref} and {removed href} {removed hyperref} (collectively SITES); mobile application published by NK, including, but not limited to Kestrel LiNK, Kestrel LiNK Ballistics, NK LiNK Logbook, Ambient Weather, AWNet, MagnetoSpeed XFR and MagnetoSpeed T1000 Tuner (collectively APPS); social media group or page administered by NK (SOCIAL MEDIA); and/or related software or service (collectively, SERVICES).


This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by NK when you use, download or access the Services, how the information will be used, and how you can control the collection, correction and/or deletion of information. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources.


This Privacy Policy applies to the use of all Services regardless of whether they post a link to this Privacy Policy. We make our Services available to you subject to this Privacy Policy and any guidelines, rules, additional terms or disclaimers that may be posted and updated on the Services or on notices we send you.


NK is headquartered in Pennsylvania and our Services are provided to you by Nielsen-Kellerman Co. If you are residing in the European Union (EU), Nielsen-Kellerman Co. is the controller of your personal data for the purposes of EU data protection law.


This Privacy Policy was written in English. To the extent a translated version conflicts with the English version, the English version controls. Unless indicated otherwise, this Privacy Policy does not apply to third party products or services or the practices of companies that we do not own or control, including other companies you might interact with on or through the Services.


PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE PROCEEDING! By clicking the I Agree button; accessing, uploading, downloading, posting to or using any Site, App and/or Social Media; or by indicating your assent by creating an account, clicking sign up or any similar mechanism; you are agreeing to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, do not click on the I Agree button or download or use the Service.


Nielsen-Kellerman Co.


21 Creek Circle.


Boothwyn, PA 19061 USA.


{removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Information We Collect.


You may provide us information about yourself, such as your name, address and e-mail address and other demographic information if you register on a Site; follow, like, or otherwise link your account to a Service on a third party website or network; complete a survey or enter into a contest through a Service; or use one of our Apps or our software to connect with a Service. Our Services may collect information, including personal information such as physical location and physical performance, and transfer information to our Services. Additionally, non-personal information, such as performance of a Service, is collected through technology, which includes tracking information collected by us as well as third parties.


If you correspond with us by email, we may retain the content of your email messages, your email address and our responses. We may also retain any messages you send through our Services and you may also provide us information in user content you post to a Service.


We may offer you opportunities to engage in public activities on or through a Service. Public activities are any actions you take on or through a Service that are designed to be visible to other users, including comments, recommendations, reviews, ratings or any other items that you submit. Any information you disclose in your public activities, along with your screen name or ID, or any image or photo, becomes public and may be used by us for online and offline promotional or commercial uses in any and all media. If you choose to engage in public activities, you should be aware that any personal information you submit can be read, collected and used by other users of these areas. We are not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in the course of your public activities and we have no responsibility to publish, take down, remove or edit any of your public activities or submissions.


Public activities may be included in our RSS feeds, APIs and other distribution formats. As a result, your public activities may appear on other websites, blogs, or feeds. Keep in mind that we are not responsible for any personal information you choose to make public via your public activities, and you agree that such sharing will be deemed to have been done by you, not us.


When you share or recommend links to content on a third-party platform (such as Facebook, Google and Twitter), that action and any information you share will be covered by their privacy policy.


We may collect non-personal information about the computer, mobile device or other device you use to access the Service, such as IP address, geolocation information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language and other transactional information.


Third Party Business via API or Other Integrations.


When you choose to use third party apps, plug-ins, or websites that integrate with the Services, they may receive your information and content, including your personal information, photos, and your activity data (including private activities). Information collected by these third parties is subject to their terms and policies. NK is not responsible for the terms or policies of third parties.


Third-party advertising networks, such as Google AdSense and AdRoll, use that information to tailor advertisements you see throughout the internet to your interests and help us determine the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. The information practices of these third party advertising companies are governed by their own privacy policies and are not covered by this policy. If you would prefer that we not share non-personally identifiable information with partners, including third parties that use tracking technologies to deliver targeted display advertising, you can opt-out through the {removed href} Network Advertising Initiative. You can opt-out of interest-based ad targeting here: {removed href} {removed hyperref}/.


We may use Google Analytics to help understand use of the Services. This service collects the information sent by your browser as part of a web page request, including cookies and your IP address, and their use of it is governed by their Privacy Policy.


Cookies, Beacons, Local Storage and Other Similar Technologies.


We may use cookies, web beacons, tags and scripts, and other similar technologies including local storage objects such as HTML5. These technologies allow us to manage access to and use of the Services, recognize you and provide personalization, and help us understand how people use the Services. You will not be able to access certain areas of our Services if your computer does not accept cookies from us. We do not respond to browser-based do not track signals. For more information about do not track, see {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Location Information.


Some of our Services use current location information if you choose to enable that feature of the Service. If you enable the location-based feature, your current location will be stored locally on your device, which will then be used by the Service and also stored on our servers. If you do not enable the location-based service, or if a Service does not have that feature, the Service will not transmit to us, and we will not collect or store, location information.


How We Use Your Information.


We use the personal information you submit to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Services.


By providing us with your email address (including by following, liking, or linking your account to a Service on a third party website or network), you consent to our using the email address to send you the Service related notices, including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail. You also agree that we may send you notifications of activity on the Service to the email address you give us, in accordance with any applicable privacy settings. We may use your email address to send you other messages, such as newsletters, changes to features of the Service, or other information. If you do not want to receive such email messages, you may opt out at the following unsubscribe pages, depending on the brand:


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Kestrel Instruments.


{list item} {removed href} Kestrel Ballistics.


{list item} {removed href} NK Sports.


{list item} {removed href} MagnetoSpeed.


{list item} {removed href} RainWise.


{list item} {removed href} Ambient Weather.


{list item} {removed href} Kestrel Meters.


Following termination or deactivation of your NK account on any Service, we may retain your profile information and user content for a reasonable time for archival purposes (subject to local legal requirements). Furthermore, we may retain and continue to use indefinitely all information (including user content) contained in your communications to other users or posted to public or semi-public areas of the Service after termination or deactivation of your account. You may deactivate your account on the deactivate account page within your account.


We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor the user content you post on the Service. We reserve the right to remove any such information or material for any reason or no reason, including without limitation if in our sole opinion such information or material violates, or may violate, any applicable law or to protect or defend our rights or property or those of any third party. We also reserve the right to remove information upon the request of any third party.


How We Share Your Information.


We will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others. We may share your personally identifiable information with third parties for the purpose of providing the Services to you. If we do this, such third parties use of your information will be bound by this Privacy Policy.


We may store personal information in locations outside of our direct control of (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers).


We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.


We may share your information with third parties who provide services to NK such as supporting and improving the Services, promoting the Services, processing payments, or fulfilling orders. These service providers will only have access to the information necessary to perform these limited functions on our behalf and are required to protect and secure your information. We may also engage service providers to collect information about your use of the Services over time on our behalf so that we or they may promote NK or display information that may be relevant to your interests on the Services or other websites or services.


We may partner with other parties to provide specific services. When you sign up for these services, we will share your name or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.


Any personal information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to a Service, such as user content, becomes available to the public, as controlled by any applicable privacy or website customization settings. If you remove information that you posted to the Site, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or if other users have copied or saved that information.


Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose personal information to any third party unless required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the law, comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities; (b) to enforce this policy, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, or to protect the security or integrity of our site; and (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the Service, our users or others.


How We Protect Information.


We take several measures to safeguard the collection, transmission and storage of the data we collect. Although we strive to employ reasonable protections for your information that are appropriate to its sensitivity, we do not guarantee or warrant the security of the information you share with us and we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your information or content. No system is 100 secure. The Services use industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of personal information and credit card numbers. The Services are registered with site identification authorities so that your browser can confirm NKs identity before any personally identifiable information is sent. In addition, NKs secure servers protect this information using advanced firewall technology.


To help ensure that these measures are effective in preventing unauthorized access to your private information, you should be aware of the security features available to you through your browser. You should use a security-enabled browser to submit your credit card information and other personal information at the Services. Please note that if you do not use a SSL-capable browser, you are at risk for having data intercepted.


To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to your email communications from us, at all times.


Disclaimer.


While NK will always work hard to protect your personal information, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure. We care about the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or guarantee that your information on the service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Transmitting personal information is done at your own risk. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes to the functionality of third-party providers, such as social networks. We are not responsible for the functionality or security measures of any third party.


Compromise of Personal Information.


In the event that personal information is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will promptly notify those persons whose personal information has been compromised, in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise required by applicable law.


Your Choices About Your Information.


You may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable information through our Services, in which case we may not be able to provide certain services to you. You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can review and correct the information about you that we keep on file. Some of this can be accomplished directly through your Account Settings. Otherwise, feel free to contact us directly at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Childrens Privacy.


Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Site accounts. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 is allowed to provide any personal information to or on the Site. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


International Transfers.


NK is headquartered in the United States. The information you submit to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of the Services may be collected in your country and subsequently transferred to the United States or to another country so that we may provide you the Services. U. S. law and the laws of other countries where we may store and process your information may offer different levels of protection for information than may be available in your country. By using the Services, you consent to the collection, international transfer, storage, and processing of your information.


EU Members Rights.


If you are habitually located in the European Union, you have the right to access, rectify or erase your information, as well as the right to restrict and object to certain processing of your information. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain limited circumstances. You may access your information by logging into your account. For more information, or to request that we delete or erase your information, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. We will generally respond to your request within 5-7 business days.


Links to Other Web Sites.


We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from the Services, nor the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on our website, is subject to that websites own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.


Surveys and Contests.


From time-to-time our Services may request information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of the Services.


Your California Privacy Rights.


Under the California Shine the Light law, California residents may opt-out of our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. As detailed above, you may choose to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by submitting a request via post or e-mail to:


Customer Care.


Nielsen-Kellerman.


21 Creek Circle.


Boothwyn, PA 19061 USA.


{removed href} {removed hyperref}.


It is important to note that this opt-out does not prohibit disclosures made for non-marketing purposes.


Notification Procedures.


It is our policy to provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to you via email notice, written or hard copy notice, or through conspicuous posting of such notice on the Site, as determined by us in our sole discretion. We reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you, provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in this Privacy Policy.


Changes to Our Privacy Policy.


If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on the Services to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.


If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, NK practices, or your dealings with the Services, please contact us by post or e-mail at:


Customer Care.


Nielsen-Kellerman.


21 Creek Circle.


Boothwyn, PA 19061 USA.


{removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Stay Connected.


