


{removed href} Skip to content.


PRIVACY.


Ardwolf (Ardwolf, our, us or we) provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal and other information that we receive or obtain from visitors to {removed hyperref}/ (the Site), and from customers and other users of the services and offerings of Velocifire (the Services).


As used in this Privacy Policy, the terms using and processing information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organization.


Our primary goals in collecting information are to administer, monitor, and improve the Site, its features, and content, and to provide and improve the Services and verify that users of the Services meet the criteria required to process their requests. We do this so as to improve user experiences for Site visitors, customers, and users of our Services.


HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION.


We collect information by using log data and cookies, by obtaining information from your usage of our Services, and by asking for information when visitors register for and/or use a Service, or do various other things, as described below.


Log Data. When you visit the Site, whether as a non-registered visitor just browsing or as an individual who has registered via the Site (any of these, a Velocifire User), our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website (Log Data). This Log Data may include information such as your computers Internet Protocol (IP) address; browser type; the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site; pages of our Site that you visit; information you search for on our Site; and other statistics.


Cookies. Like many websites, we use cookies small data files transferred to your computers hard disk to collect information. Session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Site and then close your browser, persistent cookies remain. You can set your browser to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Services.


KINDS OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT.


We ask for and/or Receive Personally Identifiable Information. At times, we ask you for personally identifiable information information about you that can be used to contact or identify you (Personal Information) which includes, but is not limited to, your name, photo, phone number, email address, website URL, instant message contact information, and postal address. We ask for Personal Information in a number of situations, including when you register for a Service, sign up for a Promotion, opt in to receive email notifications or contact us via the Services, or other situations. You do not have to provide your Personal Information, but then certain features, offerings or Services may not be available to you. We use your Personal Information mainly to provide the Services, verify your identity to administer or respond to your inquiries or prevent fraud, or similar.


Except as set forth below in this Privacy Policy, we do not share your Personal Information with third parties. We update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Changes take effect immediately upon such update. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.


