


{removed href} Skip to content.


Our Privacy Policy.


Atomi Inc. and its affiliates (collectively, atomi USA, we us, or our) takes your privacy seriously. Atomi provides:


(1) atomi USA hardware products (Products), (2) website(s) that may be accessed at {removed href} {removed hyperref} (Site), (3) services, including technical support and services accessible through the Site (Web App), (4) software that may be downloaded to your smartphone or tablet to access services (Mobile App), and (5) subscription services, including services that can be accessed using the Web Apps and Mobile Apps (Subscription Services). The term Services means the Sites, Web Apps, Mobile Apps, and Subscription Services, which may be used in conjunction with Products and in other ways provided by atomi. Some Products and Services of atomi USA can be used together or in ways that integrate with products and services from third parties.


Your use or access of our Products and Services in any manner serves as your acknowledgement that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy (this Policy). You further hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information pursuant to this Policy. Your use of our Products and Services is also subject to our Terms of Use, which incorporates this Policy.


This Policy covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and treat your personal and non-personal information. Your personal information may be personally identifiable information that you share with us, and that we collect during your use of our Products/Services. This Policy does not and cannot cover the practices of companies, third parties, and individuals that we do not own or control, or people that we do not manage.


1. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY.


This Policy may change at any time as we improve and change our Products/Services. We may notify you by updating the Policys effective date below. If there are material changes in the way we treat personal information we will place a prominent notice on this website. You should check this website frequently for updates. If you do not agree with the terms of the updated Policy, you must stop using the Products/Services. Your continued use of the Products/Service after any Policy changes means that you agree to the updated Policy.


2. SOURCES AND CATEGORIES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT.


2. 1 INFORMATION YOU KNOWINGLY PROVIDE TO US.


We receive and store the information you knowingly provide to us. When you register or update your account, make a purchase online, or otherwise interact with the Products/Services (e. g., create your account ID in our websites, use the cloud platform, register for the partner program, apply for jobs, purchase a product and so on), you may provide us personal information such as your name, email address, street address, mobile, home, and work phone numbers, payment information, and account information, such as user ID, password, Product and Service preferences, contact preferences, firmware version, IP address, and MAC address, etc. You may also provide other information that potentially could be used to identify you, such as the names and images that you associate with account users, your locations, devices, scenes, device configuration details, demographic information, third-party account credentials, schedules and audio/video recordings. Further, you may upload/share/post on our website or through our Products/Services. For example, you may post information in a public space on our website, such as message boards.


2. 2 INFORMATION WE RECEIVE FROM THIRD-PARTIES.


Some third-party services that you choose to integrate with the Services may transmit personal information into your account with us. You authorize that such third-party information is covered under this Policy and we may use it just as we use the information we collect directly from you. This information may include, but is not limited to, account credentials, names, avatars, profile information, configuration information, images, and linked users (e. g., friends).


You may also voluntarily provide your personal information to us via third-party service providers that help us operate our Services.


2. 3 INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY.


Some information is automatically collected as you use the Products/Services. For example, when you connect hardware devices or third-party services to your account, those hardware devices may report usage information to the Services and the Services may read, process, and store this information for the purposes described in this Policy. Such information is usually associated with the usage of the particular hardware device or third-party service, such as when a motion sensor senses motion. The Services will receive information about the device activation, as well as the information that you have chosen to associate with the device or service such as device name, group name, and location name. The type of the device or service from which information is received will change the types and quantities of information that is received.


Other information automatically collected may include your IP address, location, mobile device information, operating system, browser type, demographic information, application information, URL information such as click-through paths, identity of pages you interact with, time spent on those pages, and other information associated with how you interact with the pages and Services.


We may transfer cookies to your device when you interact with the Services. These cookies allow us to recognize your device and browser, and keep track of how you interact with the pages of the Services. We may also use cookies to help complete online orders or transactions. For more information about cookies and your ability to limit or remove cookies, please see the Your Choices section below.


3. HOW WE USE THE PERSONAL AND NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT.


During your use of the Products/Services, we may gather personal and non-personal information from our users and will use this information in connection with the Products/Services as follows:


3. 1 TO PROVIDE OUR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES AND CONTACT YOU.


We use personal and non-personal information to deliver the basic functionality of the Products/Services; provide functionality to certain features that you choose to use; allow you to create, modify, and view your account information; and allow you to customize, rate, and review the Products/Services. We may use any means that you have provided us to contact you, such as the email address you use to register for and log in to your account. We may contact you in order to respond to your requests and to provide you information about your account. We may also use personal information to process claims we receive in connection with the Products/Services.


3. 2 TO MARKET AND IMPROVE OUR PRODUCTS/SERVICES AND FOR OTHER LEGITIMATE BUSINESS INTERESTS.


The profile you create on our website helps improve your interaction with our Products/Services. This information allows us to personalize the Products/Services; analyze how you use the Products/Services; and communicate promotional offers, special events, user surveys, and other marketing communications with your consent when this is required under applicable law. In certain cases as described below, we may also share some personal information with third parties for these purposes. See the Your Choices section below for information about how you can opt-out of certain communications.


Your information may be stored in our cloud platform as required to use our Products/Services. We may track your IP address and MAC address to make our cloud platform work more efficiently and provide you with more customized Products/Services.


3. 3 TO COMPLY WITH APPLICABLE LAWS AND OUR POLICIES.


We use personal information to comply with our legal obligations and our policies; establish, exercise or defend a legal claim; protect against, identify and prevent fraud, criminal liability and other liabilities; and monitor and report compliance issues.


4. SHARING YOUR INFORMATION.


4. 1 OUR CORPORATE FAMILY.


We may share the information we collect about you with our corporate family, including our affiliates and subsidiaries.


4. 2 OTHER ENTITIES WITH YOUR CONSENT.


Some third-party services that you choose to integrate with the Services may receive personal information from your account. You authorize us to transmit your personal information to third parties when you choose to integrate their services with our Services. Information collected by such third-party services is subject to their own terms and policies.


4. 3 SERVICE PROVIDERS AND OTHER THIRD-PARTIES.


Your personal and non-personal information may be provided to our partners for use in their promotional and/or marketing practices. Your personal information will be anonymized so that you will not be personally identifiable by such information. We may also aggregate the anonymized information and provide it to our partners so they may use it to determine and understand how people interact with and use our Services. We will not disclose aggregated information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally, as an individual, except as outlined below.


We may engage third-party companies and individuals to perform services on our behalf (e. g., without limitation, software maintenance services, advertising serving technologies, e-mail service providers, delivery services, database management, web analytics and other services). These third parties may have access to your personal information. If they do, this access is provided so that they may perform these tasks on our behalf and they are not authorized by us to otherwise use or disclose your personal information, except to the extent required by law.


4. 4 CHANGE OF CONTROL.


Atomi USA may elect to buy or sell assets. When buying or selling assets, customer information may be one of the assets that is transferred. Personal and non-personal information may also be transferred or acquired by a third-party in the event that Atomi USA is acquired, enters bankruptcy, or goes through some other change of control.


4. 5 LEGAL AND LAW ENFORCEMENT.


Please be advised that we may disclose information that you have provided us if we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with the law or legal process served on us; or (b) protect and defend the rights and property of Atomi USA or others. In any event, we will disclose information only in accordance with applicable regulations.


5. SECURITY.


We have implemented measures, including encryption and SSL technology, designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.


Your accounts privacy and security is protected by your password. In order to prevent unauthorized access to your account and personal information, you should select a strong password and protect it by limiting access to your computer, device, browser or application and by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. If you use a third-party service to sign into your account, you should protect that account accordingly as well.


While we strive to always protect the privacy of your account and personal information in our records, we cannot always guarantee it will be completely secure. The security of your personal information may be compromised by unauthorized entry, unauthorized use, hardware failure, software failure, and other factors at any time.


6. INFORMATION FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES.


If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States or our offices in other countries. Our sites are subject to U. S. laws, which may not provide the same level of protection as those in your country.


7. YOUR CHOICES.


Atomi USA gives you choices in how you receive a variety of information that complements our products and services. You can also contact us to change your privacy preferences. For example, you can control how and when you want to receive notifications from us by following instructions within the notices (e. g., clicking on unsubscribe at the bottom of notification emails or disabling it on the atomi USA app settings). You may not opt-out of administrative emails for your registered account (e. g., emails about your transactions, policy changes, forgot password and confirmation emails).


We use both session and persistent tracking technologies. Tracking technologies (e. g., cookies) can either be persistent (i. e., they remain on your computer until you delete them) or temporary (i. e., they last only until you close your browser). You are always free to decline tracking technologies if your browser permits, although doing so may interfere with your use of the Products/Services. Refer to the help section of your browser, browser extensions, or installed applications for instructions on blocking, deleting, or disabling tracking technologies such as cookies. Atomi USA does not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed. We may adopt a standard once one is created.


You may encounter tracking technologies/cookies from our third-party service providers, such as Google Analytics, that we have allowed to assist us with various aspects of our operations and Products/Services.


On certain pages of the website you also may encounter tracking technologies from third-parties that we do not control.


8. ACCESSING, REVIEWING, AND CHANGING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


Using the Products/Services, you can access and may be able to edit or remove the personal information you have provided to us. The information you can access through the Products/Services may change as the Products/Services themselves change. When you change information or delete your account we may maintain a copy of the original information in our records for no longer than necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Policy and as permitted under applicable law. Additionally, we may use any anonymized or aggregated data that is derived from your personal information after you update or delete it; however we will not do so in a way that identifies you personally.


9. CHILDRENS PRIVACY.


The Products/Services are directed to a general audience and are not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information via our website or online services from users in this age group. We do not guarantee that our websites are suitable for children. If you believe your child has provided personal information to us, please contact us via the email listed in Section 10 below.


10. CONTACT US.


If your questions are not answered online, or if you need further assistance, you may email us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} or submit a written request to:


Atomi USA, Legal Department.


10 West 33 St Suite 520 New York, NY 10001, USA.


Effective Date: October 8, 201.


