


Black Mountain Products is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Black Mountain Products Website and governs data collection and usage. By using the Black Mountain Products website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.


Collection of your Personal Information.


Black Mountain Products collects personally identifiable information, such as your email address, name, home or work address or telephone number. There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Black Mountain Products. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Website addresses. This information is used by Black Mountain Products for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Black Mountain Products Website.


Use of your Personal Information.


Black Mountain Products collects and uses your personal information to operate the Black Mountain Products Website and deliver the services you have requested. Black Mountain Products also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Black Mountain Products.


Black Mountain Products does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.


Black Mountain Products keeps track of the Websites and pages our customers visit within {removed hyperref}, in order to determine what Black Mountain Products services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Black Mountain Products to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.


Use of Cookies.


The Black Mountain Products Website use cookies to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.


One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Black Mountain Products pages, or register with Black Mountain Products site or services, a cookie helps Black Mountain Products to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Black Mountain Products Website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Black Mountain Products features that you customized.


You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Black Mountain Products services or Websites you visit.


Security of your Personal Information.


Black Mountain Products secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Black Mountain Products secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. Black Mountain Products does not store any Credit Card information in its database.


Changes to this Statement.


Black Mountain Products will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Black Mountain Products encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Black Mountain Products is protecting your information.


Subscribe for Discounts Updates!


Go.


Copyright.


Copyright 2021 Black Mountain Products, Inc. 7705 Industrial Dr, Suite M, Spring Grove IL 60081 USA.


Search.


