


ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY.


Cardinal Scale currently collects three types of information from its Web sites: (1) your IP (Internet Protocol) address; (2) cookies; and, (3) information voluntarily submitted in quote request forms, order forms, customer satisfaction surveys, registration forms or e-mails sent to Web site administrators.


Your IP address often does not identify an individual, but rather is only a temporary name by which an individual obtains access to the Cardinal Scale Web site. Cardinal Scale uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site quality. We do not use IP addresses to personally identify users. We use a log file of IP addresses to determine which areas of our site visitors like based on the volume of traffic and to better prepare future site content based on the interests of users. We do not track the usage patterns of individual users, but rather how well each page on our site performs overall and which files users are downloading.


Information voluntarily disclosed to Cardinal Scale through quote request forms, order forms, registration forms, customer satisfaction surveys, employment forms, rental request forms, e-mail or otherwise is added to the relevant Cardinal Scale database to enable processing of the order or registration, or for appropriate response. This information is usually the name, physical address, e-mail address, fax number, phone number and model number purchased or interested in receiving a price quoted. Cardinal Scale may distribute further relevant information to individuals identified in this way to process the requested order or request. The customers contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. Cardinal Scale will use its best efforts to prevent the government from obtaining member or customer information unless required by law.


Cardinal Scale endeavors to take appropriate measures to assure the reliability of records and to protect them from loss, misuse or alteration. Records are protected from access by Internet users by a firewall.


USE OF COOKIES.


Cookies are bits of information that are stored on your computer when you visit a Web site. Cookies can be used to store your personalization information such as username and password. At any time you may choose to use, or not to use, this type of cookies technology to perform personalization on our site. If you choose not to, you must always login to your profile manually each time you visit the site.


