


PRIVACY POLICY.


At Cleva North America, Inc., we want to ensure that you know that your privacy is important to us. We also want you to understand what information we gather about you, how we use it, and the safeguards we have in place designed to protect it. This Privacy Policy applies to information collected through this Site, our mobile applications, products, services, and call centers.


Cleva North America, Inc. may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Please check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes. If we make any changes, the updated policy will be posted to this Site with a revised last updated date. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.


WHAT TYPE OF INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND HOW DO WE USE IT?


We may collect personally identifiable information (PII - for example, your full name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, mobile phone number or credit card number) from you when you voluntarily submit the information to us, such as when you purchase items from us, sign up for one of our services or programs or register with our Site. We may also collect PII from you--either directly or via a third party--in other ways, including, without limitation, if you choose to subscribe to our email program; participate in sweepstakes, contests, surveys, and polls; post content or suggestions on this Site; or use any of this Sites other features that otherwise permit you to provide information or other content.


We also may collect other information about you, including, without limitation, demographic information (such as number of household members, age, and gender) and information about your purchase preferences directly from you (whether online or offline) or from third parties such as public databases, social media platforms, data append services and others. In addition, we may collect information (such as your interests, hobbies, lifestyle choices, groups with which you are affiliated, products you want, like or own) from you as you use this Site and when you choose to provide this information to us through any interaction with this Site or otherwise.


We may use the information we collect from and about you to: process and fulfill your order, notify you of your order status, prevent fraud and otherwise provide you with customer service; respond to your inquiries and requests; create an account and register you as a registered Site user (Registered User); for marketing purposes and to send you information regarding this Site and other Cleva North America Inc. Sites, as well as about our products, programs or services; provide you with mobile alerts, if you have requested them; customize your experience on this Site and on other Cleva North America Inc. Sites; provide you with relevant offers, products and services; permit you to use this Sites social networking features; or provide you with other services. Please note that message and data fees may apply if you register for mobile alerts. We may also use the PII we collect from and about you for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, developing new products and services, enhancing our Sites, improving our services, personalizing your experiences, identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns.


Some Site features may make use of your device attributes and settings that will allow our Site to determine your physical location. Such technologies may include IP address mapping, WiFi, GPS signals, cell tower positioning or other technologies. We use this information to enhance and personalize your experience and provide you with offers, products and services that may be of interest to you. For example, this Site may help you find your closest store or send you messages that may be of interest to you based on your current location. Cleva North America Inc. has no control over your device settings, but we do recommend enabling location services on your device so you can take advantage of the location based features and functionality offered by this Site. Non-PII may be collected from you by means of cookies, pixel tags (also called web beacons or clear gifs), local shared objects and other technologies. Cookies are small bits of information that this Site places on your computer. We and our third party service providers use these technologies to identify your IP address, browser type, device characteristics, domain name, referring urls and specific links and web pages through which you click. This data is collected automatically and utilized for data analytics, site operations, fraud prevention, and to help us improve this Site and your overall experience. This technology also allows us to recognize you when you return to this Site and to provide you with a customized experience that we feel will be of value to you. We may use and disclose non-PII in any manner for any purpose, except where prohibited under applicable law.


WHAT INFORMATION DO WE SHARE AND WITH WHOM?


We may use your PII to provide you with products or services that you have requested, to provide you with promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you and for any other purpose described in this Privacy Policy.


We do not rent or sell your PII to marketers outside Cleva North America Inc., unless indicated in this Privacy Policy or you otherwise authorize us to do so.


We may provide information about you, which may include PII, to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable law, when we otherwise believe in good faith that the law requires it or to respond to requests from government authorities. There may be instances when we may use or disclose your PII in order to protect or defend the legal rights, property or operations of Cleva North America Inc. or our employees or agents; to protect the rights, privacy, safety or security of users, members or others; to protect against fraud; and to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.


Cleva North America Inc. may sell, transfer and/or share PII with third parties in connection with a merger, reorganization, joint venture, assignment, spin-off, transfer or sale or disposition of all or any portion of our business, and in the event of a store closing or bankruptcy.


CAN I DISABLE COOKIES?


Most web browsers allow you to exercise control over cookie files on your computer by erasing them, blocking them, or notifying you when such a file is stored. Please take a look at your particular browser for instructions on this function. We may also use Flash Cookies, LSOs and other technologies to, among other things, collect and store information about your use of the Services, fraud prevention and other site operations. If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools contained in the {removed href} Website Storage Settings Panel. You can also control Flash LSOs by going to the {removed href} Global Storage Settings Panel and following the instructions (which may include instructions that explain, for example, how to delete existing Flash LSOs (referred to information on the Macromedia site), how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked, and (for Flash Player 8 and later) how to block Flash LSOs that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time). Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications, including, potentially, Flash applications used in connection with the Services or our online content.


If you do elect to disable cookies, please note that you may not be able to take full advantage of a personalized experience on this Site and on other Cleva North America Inc. Sites.


HOW DO WE HANDLE PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM CHILDREN?


This Site is a general audience site and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. In the event a Cleva North America Inc. Site or portion thereof is directed to children under 13, the Site will contain a Childrens Online Privacy Policy that complies with the Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act.


WHAT ABOUT LINKS TO OTHER SITES?


This Site may contain links to other websites or applications that are not owned and operated by Cleva North America Inc. In addition, some of our Sites feature content drawn directly from third party websites using a technique known as i-framing or simply framing. These frames allow you to view and interact directly with the third party website from within our Site. Cleva North America Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices of non-affiliated websites or applications, including, without limitation, those that are linked to or framed on this Site. You should read the privacy statements of each and every website and application that collects PII.


INTEREST-BASED ADS - ONLINE ADVERTISEMENTS.


This Site may display ads from other companies. We also partner with third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf on other non-affiliated third party sites or apps. Some of the ads on this Site or on third party sites or apps may be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on what we or the online advertising network serving the ad know about you or your devices browsing activity. For example, anonymous information collected by our ad networks or other third-party service providers across multiple sites that you visit may enable the ad network to predict your preferences and show you ads that are most likely to be of interest to you. We may share your information with our service providers to permit them to recognize and serve targeted ads to you across the different devices you use. Before we share your information, we transform, or hash, it so that it is not in personally identifiable form.


If you do not wish to receive personalized advertising from us on other mobile or desktop sites, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out {removed href} page. You may download the AppChoices app at {removed href} {removed hyperref} to opt out of personalized in-app advertising. The Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about internet advertising companies, including information about how to opt-out of interest-based advertising by their members. See {removed href} {removed hyperref} for general information about the NAI and {removed href} {removed hyperref}. asp for the opt-out page. You may also visit {removed href} {removed hyperref}/ to learn about online behavioral advertising and how to opt-out from online or in-app behavioral ads served by some or all participating companies.


These opt-out mechanisms rely on cookies to remember your choices with respect to ad-serving on websites. If you delete your cookies, use another computer or device, or change browsers, you will need to repeat this process. In addition, opting out of interest-based ads will not opt you out of all ads, but rather only those ads that are personalized to your interests based on activities observed on our Site and/or web sites or mobile apps not owned and operated by Cleva North America Inc.


IS MY INFORMATION SECURE?


We maintain reasonable and appropriate physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your PII. While we work very hard to protect your privacy, no method of security is 100 effective, and we cannot be responsible for the actions of those who may gain unauthorized access to your PII. Cleva North America Inc. makes no warranties, express, implied or otherwise, as to the ultimate effectiveness of its reasonable and appropriate safeguards.


CAN I OPT-OUT OF RECEIVING PROMOTIONAL E-MAILS?


From time to time, we may send you e-mails with promotional offers and messages. If you would no longer like to receive e-mails with promotional offers and messages from this Site, you can unsubscribe from these e-mails by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each promotional e-mail. Please note that you may still receive transactional or relationship or other non-promotional e-mails (e. g. order confirmations, shipping notices, statements, important information regarding a product you have purchased).


CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS.


The information below applies to California residents. Some of the terms have meanings given to them under the California Consumer Privacy Act. As that law is new and the regulations providing guidance on the law are not final as of the date of this Privacy Policy, we may from time-to-time update information in this notice regarding our data practices and your rights, modify our methods for responding to your requests, or supplement our responses to your requests. We will continue to develop our compliance program to reflect the developments of the law as they become final.


NOTICE OF COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.


In the 12 months preceding the last update date of this Privacy Policy, we may have collected and disclosed to third parties the following categories of personal information about you for a business purpose. We may use or disclose the personal information listed below for all the reasons listed elsewhere in this privacy policy, including managing our interactions and transactions with you, operational activities like managing safety and security of our Sites, quality assurance, and data analysis to identify trends, determine effectiveness of marketing efforts and identifying opportunities for improving our offerings.


{number list}.


{list item} IDENTIFIERS such as name, nicknames, aliases, social media handles, contact information including email, phone, and address, User IDs, passwords, IP addresses, device IDs, account names and numbers, government issued IDs such as drivers license number. This information is needed and shared, for example, to process transactions and returns, support for customer inquiries, customizing your experience on our Sites, sending you information regarding our Sites, sending mobile alerts you have requested, and providing relevant product recommendations.


{list item} PERSONAL CHARACTERISTICS AND TRAITS such as, gender, age, veteran or military status, number of household members, interest, or hobbies. We may use this information, for example, to customize your experience on our Sites, provide you product recommendations, process employment applications, or conduct analysis for marketing.


{list item} COMMERCIAL INFORMATION such as your purchase history and tendencies, or service history. We use this information, for example, to process transactions and returns, customer support for inquiries, data analysis for marketing, providing relevant product recommendation, and security and fraud prevention. We may share with third parties who, for example, help deliver or install your purchases.


{list item} INTERNET USAGE INFORMATION like browsing history, referring URLs, search history, interactions with advertising links, mobile application usage, social media information linked to your account with us, cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, or clear gifs. We may use this information, for example, to help us understand how our website design is performing.


{list item} GEOLOCATION DATA such as location via mobile device GPS location, IP address mapping, WiFi, cell tower positioning, or other technologies. We use this information, for example, to make relevant product offers based on your location, and activate features of our mobile applications.


{list item} SENSORY DATA like voice recordings from call centers. We use this information, for example, for quality assurance at our call centers. We might share such recordings with third parties to assist with investigations, for example.


{list item} INFERENCES FROM PI COLLECTED such as customer profiles including shopping preferences, product preferences, customer characteristics and behaviors. We draw inferences from all data collected so that we can identify usage trends, determine effectiveness of marketing efforts, identify opportunities for improving our product offerings, and provide customers with relevant product recommendations. We may share this type of data to service providers helping us target relevant offers to certain segments of our customers.


We share some of the information in these categories with certain third parties with which Cleva North America Inc. has a relationship and which have agreed to appropriate restrictions on the disclosure and use of your information. We share with service providers who perform specific operational or other support services on our behalf, such as payment processors, shipping agents, and product fulfillment vendors. We also share with third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to share your personal information in connection with products or services we provide you.


RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF SALE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We do not knowingly sell personal information that we collect from you, in accordance with the definition of sell in the CCPA, and will treat personal information we collect from you as not subject to a do-not-sell request. There is not yet an industry consensus as to whether third party cookies and tracking devices associated with our websites and mobile apps may constitute a sale of your PI as defined by the CCPA. You can exercise control over browser-based cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser. We do not represent that these third-party tools, programs, or statements are complete or accurate.


Some browsers have signals that may be characterized as do-not-track signals, but we do not understand them to operate in that manner or to indicate a do-not-sell expression by you, so we currently do not recognize these as a do-not-sell request. We understand that various parties are developing do-not-sell signals, and we may recognize certain such signals if we conclude such a program is appropriate. Note that we do not recognize do-not-track signals on a general basis either.


RIGHT TO REQUEST ACCESS OR DELETE PERSONAL INFORMATION California residents have the right to request, twice within a 12-month period, that we disclose to you information about the personal information about you that we have collected during the past 12 months. This may include the personal information we collect, use, or share; the categories of sources from which we collected information; categories of third parties with whom we shared personal information; and the business or commercial purpose for which we collected or shared the information. California residents may also request that we delete their personal information. Exceptions do apply, for example, where we need to retain your personal information for regulatory reasons, to complete a warranty or other contract with you, or other internal uses of the information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.


To exercise these rights, you may submit a request by calling us at 877-531-7321 or email us at {removed hyperref}. Cleva North America Inc. will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising these rights, as described further below.


Before granting any such request regarding your personal information, we must verify your identity in order to maintain security. To verify your identity we may require you to log into our Site using your ID and password if you have an existing account. We may also request additional information, such as an account number, order number, or a receipt number.


NOTICE OF FINANCIAL INCENTIVE AND NON-DISCRIMINATION We will not discriminate against you in a manner prohibited by the CCPA because you exercise your CCPA rights. However, we may charge a different price or rate, or offer a different level or quality of good or service, to the extent that doing so is reasonably related to the value of the applicable data. In addition, we may offer you financial incentives for the collection, sale, and retention and use of your PI as permitted by the CCPA that can, without limitation, result in reasonably different prices, rates, or quality levels. The material aspects of any financial incentive will be explained and described in its program terms. Please note that participating in incentive programs is entirely optional, you will have to affirmatively opt-in to the program and you can opt-out of each program (i. e., terminate participation and forgo the ongoing incentives) prospectively by following the instructions in the applicable program description and terms.


CALIFORNIA SHINE THE LIGHT LAW.


If you are a California resident and Cleva North America Inc. customer you have the right to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of your personal information with third parties, for the third parties direct marketing purposes. California law provides that you have the right to submit a request to Cleva North America Inc. at its designated address and receive the following information:


{number list}.


{list item} The categories of information Cleva North America Inc. disclosed to third parties for the third parties direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year;


{list item} The names and addresses of third parties that received such information; and.


{list item} If the nature of a third partys business cannot be reasonably determined from the third partys name, examples of the products or services marketed.


You are entitled to receive a copy of this information in a standardized format and the information will not be specific to you individually. You may submit a request by calling us at at 877-531-7321 or email us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


NEVADA RESIDENTS.


Nevada consumers have the right to instruct website operators to not sell certain personal information to third parties (often called data brokers) who will license or sell your information to other companies. Cleva North America Inc. does not sell such information to data brokers and we have no plans to ever do so. If we consider selling this information in the future, we will update this privacy policy to give you notice of this change and provide a formal method for Nevada consumers to exercise their opt-out rights under that law.


WHERE IS MY INFORMATION STORED?


Your PII may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using our Site, you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have different data protection rules than in your country.


HOW MAY I CONTACT YOU?


If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at {removed hyperref}. Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other financial information, health or prescription-related information, or other sensitive information in your email to us. If you prefer to contact us via US Mail, please address your inquiry to:


CLEVA NORTH AMERICA, INC.


601 REGENT PARK COURT.


GREENVILLE, SOUTH CAROLINA 29607.


{removed href}.


{removed href}.


{removed href}.


{removed href}.


