


{removed href} Skip to content.


Privacy Policy.


PRIVACY POLICY.


This privacy policy discusses the personal information that Dastmalchi obtains from you on {removed hyperref} or connection with the Loyalty Program, and under the Dastmalchi Community program. When we use the term personal information we are referring to information that is connected to your name or can reasonably connected to your name. This may include things like your IP address, e-mail address, mailing address, birthday, telephone number, photographs, personal images, or beauty profile information you provide that could be used to identify you, or information about the products you purchase, when those pieces of data are stored with your name. Any information that is not connected to your name is not considered personal information.


WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?


Dastmalchi uses the personal information that it collects to provide you with products you order, information, and services. We may use your information to track your purchase, purchase history and to contact you for account and promotional purposes. We may also use your personal information for other legitimate business purposes, including to detect and prevent fraud, to collect amounts owing to us and to maintain business records.


CONSENT.


How do you get my consent?


When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.


If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.


How do I withdraw my consent?


If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at any time, by contacting us at {removed hyperref} or mailing us at:


Dastmalchi.


4490 Von Karman Suite 150, Newport Beach, CA 92660.


Cookies Settings.


DISCLOSURE.


We do not your personal information. We may share your information to ensure delivery of the products you order, obtain payment if you choose to use the Afterpay process, or other legitimate reasons discussed more below, We may also disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.


SHOPIFY.


Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.


Your data is stored through Shopifys data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.


Payment:


If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.


All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.


PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.


For more insight, you may also want to read Shopifys Terms of Service ({removed hyperref}) or Privacy Statement ({removed href} {removed hyperref}).


THIRD-PARTY SERVICES.


In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.


We share personal information with service providers, some of whom may provide marketing assistance, and may also share information with other trusted brands whom they believe may be of interest to their customers.


Certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.


For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.


In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.


As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.


Once you leave our stores website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our websites Terms of Service.


Links.


When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.


Google analytics:


Our store uses Google Analytics to help us learn about who visits our site and what pages are being looked at.


SECURITY.


To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. While we attempt to protect the information in our possession, no security system is perfect and we cannot promise that information about you will remain secure in all circumstances.


If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100 secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.


COOKIES.


Here is a list of cookies that we use. Weve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.


sessionid, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).


shopifyvisit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website providers internal stats tracker to record the number of visits.


shopifyuniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.


cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart.


securesessionid, unique token, sessional.


storefrontdigest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.


PREF, persistent for a very short period, Set by Google and tracks who visits the store and from where.


In addition to the above, we may use the following technologies to automatically collect information about your activities on our websites.


{number list}.


{list item} Cookies1.


{list item} Flash Cookies2.


{list item} Web beacons, clear pixels, or pixel tags. 3.


{list item} Web server logs. 4.


{list item} Geo-location technologies. 5.


CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICES AND RIGHTS.


Under California law, Residents of California.


DO NOT TRACK.


WE DO NOT TRACK SITE VISITORS ACROSS THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND THEREFORE DO NOT RESPOND TO DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS OR REQUESTS.


AGE OF CONSENT.


Our services are not directed at children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. We recognize the special obligation to protect personally identifiable information obtained from children and request that if you are 16 years old or younger to please not submit any personally identifiable information to the site or company. By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.


CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.


We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.


If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.


QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION.


If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at {removed href} {removed hyperref}, or call us on our toll-free number 1-888-358-0331.


Dastmalchi.


[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer].


4490 Von Karman Suite 150, Newport Beach, CA 92660.


{bullet list}.


{list item} Cookies are small bits of information that are placed on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies remember information about your activities on the site to make your visits to our website more enjoyable and valuable to you by providing a customized experience and recognizing your preferences when you visit our website. If youve chosen to disable cookies on your browser, some of the functionality of our website may be lost. Certain of our web page, particularly those that require a login and password, require that cookies be enabled in your browser and cannot be used when you have disabled cookies in your browser.


{list item} Flash cookies (also called Local Shared Objects or LSOs) are data files similar to cookies, except that they can store more complex data. Flash cookies are used to remember settings, preferences, and usage, particularly for video, interactive gaming, and other similar services.


{list item} Web beacons are small graphic images on a Web page or in an e-mail that can be used for such things as recording the pages and advertisements clicked on by users, or tracking the performance of e-mail marketing campaigns.


{list item} Web server logs are records of activity created by the computer that delivers the webpages you request to your browser. For example, a web server log may record the search term you entered or the link you clicked to bring you the webpage. The Web server log also may record information about your browser, such as your IP address and the cookies set on your browser by the server.


{list item} Geo-location technology refers to technologies that permit us to determine your location. We may ask you to manually provide location information on our website, or to enable your mobile device to send us precise location information. We may also automatically collect general location information from your web browser.


LAST UPDATED APRIL 2020.


Privacy Preference Center.


When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. {removed href} More information Allow All.


Manage Consent Preferences.


Always Active.


These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.


Cookies Details Performance Cookies.


These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.


Cookies Details Targeting Cookies.


These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.


Cookies Details Functional Cookies.


These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.


Cookies Details.


Back Button Performance Cookies.


Vendor Search Search IconFilter IconConsent {removed hyperref} checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label.


{number list}.


{list item}.


33Across.


host descriptionView Cookies.


{number list}.


{list item} Namecookie name.


