


{removed href} Skip to content.


This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from {removed hyperref} (the Site).


PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT.


When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as Device Information.


We collect Device Information using the following technologies:


Cookies are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit {removed hyperref}.


Log files track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.


Web beacons, tags, and pixels are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.


Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers, email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as Order Information.


When we talk about Personal Information in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.


HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?


We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:


Communicate with you;


Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and.


When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.


We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns) and for retargeting via adroll.


SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Woocommerce to power our online storeyou can read more about how Woocommerce uses your Personal Information here: {removed hyperref}/ We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: {removed hyperref}/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: {removed hyperref}.


Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.


BEHAVIOURAL ADVERTISING.


As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiatives (NAI) educational page at {removed hyperref}.


You can opt out of targeted advertising by using the links below:


Facebook: {removed hyperref}/? tabads.


Google: {removed hyperref}.


Bing: {removed hyperref}.


Adroll: {removed hyperref}.


Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliances opt-out portal at: {removed hyperref}/.


DO NOT TRACK.


Please note that we do not alter our Sites data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.


YOUR RIGHTS.


If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.


Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.


DATA RETENTION.


When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.


CHANGES.


We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.


CONTACT US.


For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by email at {removed hyperref} or by mail using the details provided below:


ATTN: Customer Service.


Decibel Electronics.


4301 Chestnut Rd. Wilson NY 14172.


Adroll / Nextroll Disclaimer:


WHAT PERSONAL DATA IS COLLECTED AND HOW.


When we say Personal Data we mean this to include personal information (often referred to as PI) and/or personally identifiable information (sometimes called PII) as defined or described in different privacy laws around the world (and in the U. S.).


Personal data, such as visitor IP addresses, is collected from visitors to our site using tracking technologies such as third party cookies and non-cookie technologies.


THE PURPOSES FOR WHICH THE DATA IS USED AND BY WHOM.


Third parties (such as NextRoll) may place cookies on the browser used by the visitor in order to serve targeted advertising and for measurement and analytics purposes.


HOW VISITORS CAN CONTROL THE COLLECTION OF THEIR DATA BY NEXTROLL INCLUDING:


You can decline to have personal data collected via third party tracking technologies by navigating to the settings feature in your browser and declining all third party cookies or declining third party cookies from specific sites, or, for mobile, limiting ad tracking or resetting the advertiser identifier via the privacy settings on your mobile device.


WHAT PERSONAL DATA IS COLLECTED AND HOW:


Our site collects hashed identifiers derived from email addresses for the purposes of cross-device tracking for targeted advertising; See {removed href} NextRolls Privacy Notice.


HOW VISITORS CAN OPT-OUT OF RECEIVING CROSS-DEVICE ADVERTISING:


To opt-out from receiving cross-device site advertising (i. e. tracking a user across devices), go to your device setting or visit the {removed href} NAIs Mobile Choices page.


