


{removed href} Skip to content.


Privacy Policy.


DEPENDABLE DIRECT SHIPPING RATES.


Shipping rates depend on the selected shipping speed and weight/size of the items.


To determine the applicable shipping rate for items in your Cart:


Select Proceed to Checkout.


Select or add your shipping address.


Select a shipping speed and select Continue.


Select a payment method and select Continue.


The total shipping handling cost will be listed under Order Summary.


SHIPPING POLICIES.


Unless noted otherwise in the ordering pipeline, Dependable Direct ships all items within two days of receiving an order. You will receive notification of any delay or cancellation of your order.


PRIVACY POLICY.


This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from {removed hyperref} (the Site).


When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as Device Information.


PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT.


We collect Device Information using the following technologies:


Cookies are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit {removed hyperref}.


Log files track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.


Web beacons, tags, and pixels are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.


Additionally, when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers), email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as Order Information.


When we talk about Personal Information in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.


HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?


We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:


Communicate with you;


Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and.


When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.


We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).


SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Shopify to power our online storeyou can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here: {removed hyperref}. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: {removed hyperref}/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: {removed hyperref}.


Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.


BEHAVIORAL ADVERTISING.


As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiatives (NAI) educational page at {removed hyperref}.


You can opt out of targeted advertising by using the links below:


Facebook: {removed hyperref}/? tabads.


Google: {removed hyperref}.


Bing: {removed hyperref}.


Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliances opt-out portal at: {removed hyperref}/.


DO NOT TRACK.


Please note that we do not alter our Sites data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.


YOUR RIGHTS.


If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.


Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.


DATA RETENTION.


When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.


CHANGES.


We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.


CONTACT US.


For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by email at {removed hyperref} or by mail using the details provided below:


DEPENDABLE DIRECT.


[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer].


876 Tower Road, Mundelein IL 60060, United States.


Disclosure/Disclaimer.


REFUND POLICY.


RETURNS.


Our policy lasts 30 days. If 30 days have gone by since your purchase, unfortunately we cant offer you a refund or exchange.


To be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it. It must also be in the original packaging.


Several types of goods are exempt from being returned. Perishable goods such as food, flowers, newspapers or magazines cannot be returned. We also do not accept products that are intimate or sanitary goods, hazardous materials, or flammable liquids or gases.


Additional non-returnable items:


Gift cards.


Downloadable software products.


Some health and personal care items.


To complete your return, we require a receipt or proof of purchase.


Please do not send your purchase back to the manufacturer.


There are certain situations where only partial refunds are granted (if applicable).


Book with obvious signs of use.


CD, DVD, VHS tape, software, video game, cassette tape, or vinyl record that has been opened.


Any item not in its original condition, is damaged or missing parts for reasons not due to our error.


Any item that is returned more than 30 days after delivery.


REFUNDS (IF APPLICABLE).


Once your return is received and inspected, we will send you an email to notify you that we have received your returned item. We will also notify you of the approval or rejection of your refund.


If you are approved, then your refund will be processed, and a credit will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of payment, within a certain amount of days.


LATE OR MISSING REFUNDS (IF APPLICABLE).


If you havent received a refund yet, first check your bank account again.


Then contact your credit card company, it may take some time before your refund is officially posted.


Next contact your bank. There is often some processing time before a refund is posted.


If youve done all of this and you still have not received your refund yet, please contact us at {removed hyperref}.


SALE ITEMS (IF APPLICABLE).


Only regular priced items may be refunded, unfortunately sale items cannot be refunded.


EXCHANGES (IF APPLICABLE).


We only replace items if they are defective or damaged. If you need to exchange it for the same item, send us an email at {removed hyperref} and send your item to: 876 Tower Road, Mundelein IL 60060, United States.


GIFTS.


If the item was marked as a gift when purchased and shipped directly to you, youll receive a gift credit for the value of your return. Once the returned item is received, a gift certificate will be mailed to you.


If the item wasnt marked as a gift when purchased, or the gift giver had the order shipped to themselves to give to you later, we will send a refund to the gift giver and he will find out about your return.


SHIPPING.


To return your product, you should mail your product to: 876 Tower Road, Mundelein IL 60060, United States.


You will be responsible for paying for your own shipping costs for returning your item. Shipping costs are non-refundable. If you receive a refund, the cost of return shipping will be deducted from your refund.


Depending on where you live, the time it may take for your exchanged product to reach you, may vary.


If you are shipping an item over 75, you should consider using a traceable shipping service or purchasing shipping insurance. We dont guarantee that we will receive your returned item.


{removed href} Social media sharing icons powered by UltimatelySocial.


