


{removed href} Skip to content Privacy Policy.


PROTEZIONE DEI DATI.


Il nuovo Regolamento Europeo Regolamento (UE) 2016/679 del Parlamento Europeo (L. 119) relativo al trattamento dei dati personali, nonch alla libera circolazione di tali dati stato pubblicato il 4 maggio 2016 e ha piena efficacia operativa dal 25 maggio 2018.


Il testo disponibile nella sezione dedicata al Regolamento UE sul sito dellAutorit Italiana Garante della Protezione Dati: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Il Regolamento Europeo (indicato anche come GDPR o Regolamento) direttamente applicabile e vincolante in tutti gli Stati membri e non richiede una legge di recepimento nazionale, fatta eccezione per alcuni ambiti sui quali rimanda, deroga o richiede lintegrazione regolatoria dei singoli Stati.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Privacy Policy.


{list item} {removed href} Privacy Statement to Supplier.


{list item} {removed href} Informativa Candidati.


{list item} {removed href} Privacy Statement to Customer.


{list item} {removed href} Cookie Policy.


PRIVACY POLICY.


Personal data processing notice.


With reference to processing data of users who visit our site {removed hyperref} (the Site) and use the Work with us section, in accordance with and due to the effects of Articles 13 and 14 of EU Regulation 2016/679, e-Novia SpA is providing the following notice:


Type of data processed and purpose.


Browsing data.


During normal operation computer systems and software procedures used for keeping our Site working collect some personal information whose transmission is implicit in use of the Internet. This information is not collected to be associated with identified data subjects, but given their nature could allow for identifying users when processed and associated with data kept by others. Such data may be utilised by e-Novia for obtaining anonymous statistical information on use of our Site, to check that it is working properly or for ascertaining responsibility in case computer crimes are committed at the expense of our Site.


Data provided voluntarily by you in the Work with us section.


If you complete the form in the Work with us section of our Site, along with your CV e-Novia will obtain your personal data supplied directly and spontaneously by you. e-Novia will use the data collected for the following purposes:


for assessing whether your profile is consistent with the positions indicated in the above section;


for contacting you during the selection process, by using the contact data you provided. These data will be processed by employees and collaborators of e-Novia who look after personnel selection and have been duly appointed as processing delegates; your data will not be disseminated in any way.


e-Novia suggests that users only include data on their CV that are necessary for evaluating their profile and not provide any sensitive data (such as those related to but not limited to state of health, religious beliefs and political opinions). At any rate, you are required to give your consent by putting the following sentence at the bottom of the CV you upload Having read the notice of e-Novia found on the Internet site on the page {removed hyperref}/, I give my consent for processing of my data for the selection purposes specified therein. Refusing to give authorisation can make it impossible for e-Novia to evaluate your application.


Other data supplied voluntarily by you.


Data you provide voluntarily as a user of this Site on registration forms or submit by email to e-Novia, e-mail addresses included, will be kept and processed only for supplying the information and/or services requested. In case you submit the personal data of third parties to e-Novia, you are acting like an independent data controller and assume all legal obligations and responsibilities. In this sense you hold the Data Controller harmless by any dispute, expectation, claim for damages due to processing, etc. sent to the Data Controller by third parties whose data were processed when you used our Site in violation of applicable personal data protection legislation. Also, if you provide or draw personal data of third parties when using our Site, you guarantee as of now and assume all related responsibilities that such particular case of processing is based, if necessary, on obtaining the consent of the third party beforehand for processing his or her information.


Cookies.


Our Site uses cookies in the manner specified in our cookie notice you can read on this page {removed hyperref}/.


Processing Methods and Security Measures.


Your personal data provided and saved will be processed by automated and other instruments for the time strictly necessary for achieving the purpose they are collected for. Certain security measures are taken to prevent data loss, illicit or improper use and unauthorized access.


Disclosure of data.


Without prejudice to disclosure carried out in compliance with legal obligations, for the purposes referred to above all data collected and processed may be disclosed to:


i) companies belonging to the e-Novia Group;


ii) persons who may learn them as processors or delegates of e-Novia, such as staff in the administration, HR and IT departments.


An updated list of the persons your data are disclosed to is available upon request.


Data Controller and Processor:


The Data Controller is e-Novia SpA, with registered office at Via San Martino 12, 20122, Milan, with Tax ID and VAT Reg. No. IT07763770968.


The Processor is Vincenzo Russi, the Legal Representative and Managing Director of e-Novia, who can be contacted as regards his office at the registered office of e-Novia at the address provided above.


Rights of Data Subjects.


The data subject has the right at any time to obtain confirmation as to whether there are any personal data on file about him and to know the content and source, verify their accuracy and ask for details to be added, updated or corrected. As a data subject, you have the right to ask for cancellation, transformation into anonymous form and to object to processing of your personal data if you have justified reasons, by sending an e-mail to the attention of the processor at the following address: {removed hyperref}.


Modifications to the Privacy Notice.


e-Novia may modify this Privacy Notice in order to comply with changes made to national and/or EU legislation, to adapt to technological innovations or for other reasons. Any new versions of this Privacy Notice shall be published on this site.


In order to check if any necessary updates or revisions have been made, we suggest that you read this Privacy Notice and carefully check it from time to time.


Developed by {removed href} Noonic.


E-Novia only uses technical cookies. To find out more, please click {removed href} here {removed href} Ok.


