


{removed href} Powered by {removed href} What does the Powered by eBuyNow badge mean?


eBuyNow eCommerce Ltd. ensures global sales and support for the products found on this site.


eBuyNow manages the site, the server, and its transactions on behalf of the manufacturer.


Links to this sites privacy policy and terms of use can be found below. Questions for eBuyNow regarding the relationship between these parties can be sent to {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


For website or product support, please visit the help section.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Terms of Service.


{list item} {removed href} Privacy Policy.


Privacy Policy.


Effective Jun 30, 2020. All responsible parties are required to understand and enforce the requirements of this policy at all times. Any breach or questionable practice must be reported within 24-hours or the responsible party will be held accountable.


1. 0 - Privacy Policy.


{removed hyperref} and associated domains represents the products and information of Motorola Brand Licensees and KODAK Brand Licensees, and is operated by eBuyNow eCommerce Ltd.


This Terms and Conditions of Sale applies to and recognizes the collection of personally identifiable information (Personal Information) that is collected from you when a purchase is completed, such as name, physical address, email address, telephone number and credit card information. A second classification of public data (Non-Personal Information) is also generated by the Site in customizing the user experience. The Privacy Policy is located at {removed hyperref} and all aspects of the Site are restricted by that policy. In the event of a disagreement with this Privacy Policy it is that policy that will be in force.


2. 0 - Contact Information for eBuyNow eCommerce Ltd.


General inquiries or notifications related to this policy can be sent to {removed href} {removed hyperref} and a representative will make contact. You should be certain to include a valid phone number and an account information at a minimum to ensure a quicker response.


Urgent communications with EBUYNOW require expediency and should be handled differently. Please use the phone as a preference unless it is otherwise not possible to do so. If e-mail must be sent to {removed href} {removed hyperref} a response should be received within 48 hours or you should phone the support phone number instead. You should be very certain that your communication has been received by a representative and that they have acknowledged the information with a service ticket number.


It is important to note that e-mail will never be sent to you requesting Personal Information be provided via e-mail. The mechanism for collection and updates will always be either the Service (forms on the Web site, prompts, customer service) or phone conversation after identity has been verified.


3. 0 - Location of Personal Information.


eBuyNow eCommerce Ltd. is a Canadian company and it is bound by the laws of the Government of Canada and the Province of British Columbia for all legal matters. All of our data centers are located in Hong Kong, United States and Frankfurt. As such different Regional and Federal laws may apply to the organizations that operate the data centers. You must be certain that providing Personal Information does not violate any law that is applicable to you or your right to use the Services.


If your use of the Services or disclosure of certain information to EBUYNOW would violate any law that is applicable to you, your right to use the Services and/or disclose such information is revoked. EBUYNOW will comply with any court order so long as it is found to be lawful in Canadian courts. No other request to access Personal Information from any party will be honored without a Canadian court order or permission from the owner of the account that has been properly validated.


If you become aware of any condition in the use of the Service that might directly or indirectly violate a law you are required to notify your EBUYNOW representative directly (see the Contact Information for eBuyNow eCommerce Ltd. section of this policy).


4. 0 - Age of Consent.


eBuyNow eCommerce Ltd. does not sell products or services for purchase by any individual under the age of 18-years old. We do not knowingly solicit or collect Personal Information any person under the age of eighteen. If you believe that a child under the age of eighteen has disclosed Personal Information to the Service you are required to report this to a EBUYNOW representative or send an e-mail to {removed href} {removed hyperref} with the details.


5. 0 - Cookies.


Cookies are pieces of information that may be placed on your computer by a Web site for the purpose of remembering status information and enhancing your communication and interaction with that Web site. We may use cookies to customize your visit to our Web sites and for other purposes to make your visit more convenient or to enable us to enhance our service.


In addition to our cookies, we may also use (and our third party advertisers may use) clear gifs, Web beacons, Google Analytics, and third party cookies to improve the performance of our Web sites, provide certain features such as advertising, or to anonymously track usage of our Web sites and track the online activity of users.


EBUYNOW may also use cookies to measure traffic patterns and which areas of the EBUYNOW site you have visited and your visiting patterns. This information is sometimes called a clickstream. EBUYNOW may use this information to understand how our users navigate our site and to determine common traffic patterns, including what site the user came from.


We may use similar mechanisms in our HTML-based emails to track the usage of such emails in much the same manner.


The cookies used in the Service have been categorized based on the categories found in the ICC Cookie guide. They are as follows:


5. 1 - Category 1: Strictly Necessary Cookies.


These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided.


5. 2 - Category 2: Performance Cookies.


These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies dont collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.


5. 3 - Category 3: Functionality Cookies.


These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced and more personal features. For instance, a website may be able to provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing in a cookie the region in which you are currently located. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customize. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as a live chat session. The information these cookies collect may be anonymized and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.


6. 0 - Use of Personal Information.


Web sites operated by EBUYNOW will use your personal information for the following purposes with consent inferred:


{bullet list}.


{list item} to provide you with a convenient, personalized experience on the Web site and Service;


{list item} to provision services and products requested by you and notify you as such;


{list item} to enable staff, vendors and contractors to provide and assist in the support of such services and products to you;


{list item} to register for warranty on parts and equipment sold or rented to you;


{list item} to generate statistical information and demographics about our Service;


{list item} to make improvements to interface, performance and service quality for the Service;


{list item} to comply with legal obligations.


eBuyNow eCommerce Ltd. will use your Personal Information only with explicit consent from you:


{number list}.


{list item} to market products, updates, special offers and services to you that we believe may be of interest;


{list item} to run promotions and special activities that enhance the Service experience.


Under no circumstance will credit card information be shared with any third party unless they are involved in processing payments for services that you have purchased from EBUYNOW and are therefore considered a part of the Service.


EBUYNOW may also use and disclose your Personal Information when your account has been involved in violations of our Terms of Service. These cases may involve law enforcement personnel to detect and prevent unlawful access to your Personal Information or to investigate activities that threaten the integrity of the Service and our network.


EBUYNOW may use your Personal Information as required by courts or administrative agencies in connection with a sale, merger, or reorganization of the business. Those parties are bound by strict contractual provisions with our Service and only have access to Personal Information needed to perform their job functions, and may not use it for other purposes. They will process the Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.


6. 1 - If you wish to prevent or disable cookies.


You can always elect to not use the Website if cookies are not desirable and by doing so are not permitted to use the Service. However, there are several ways to disable cookie functionality, though the site may not offer all of its features without them:


{number list}.


{list item} Set the Internet browser to prompt when a cookie is received or disable cookies altogether. Check your browsers Help menus.


{list item} Delete the cookies from the browser cache and Temporary Internet Files after leaving the website.


{list item} Enable private browsing by enabling Incognito in Chrome, Private Browsing in Firefox / Safari or In Private in Internet Explorer.


6. 2 - If you wish to use cookies but opt-out of targeted advertising.


If you wish to notify third-party advertisers that you do not wish to participate in their programs using cookies it is recommended that you visit {removed href} {removed hyperref}/ and follow the detailed instructions there.


To opt-out of Google Analytics go to {removed href} {removed hyperref} and install the browser add-on.


7. 0 - Third-party Interactions on the Website.


EBUYNOWs web sites may allow third parties to provide products and services directly to EBUYNOW customers. Such relationships are often designated with a Provided By or Powered By company logo or other similarly worded designation. When processing or performing the named function that party will collect your information and share Personal Information related to the transaction with EBUYNOW. You may review the privacy practices of the third party either by clicking the link on the bottom of the page or by clicking on the Provided by Company logo, which will take you to their web site.


Software that is downloaded or installed from the EBUYNOW website may be provided by a third-party developer / license that requires Personal Information to enroll. If the product is provided by a third-party a link will be provided to the organizations website where the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service can be examined. Activating the link or downloading the software grants EBUYNOW permission to share the required Personal Information with the third-party website and accepts that EBUYNOW is not responsible for the conduct, data policies or security of the third-party. All offers, links, promotions and services that advertise a third-party are separate and distinct from EBUYNOW websites and excluded from our policies that protect consumers.


Partners, promotions and other third-party content is validated against standards and conditions but it is always possible that something slips through checks and balances. If any partner or content is discovered to be fraudulent or employ questionable conduct we will remove their advertisements, product or service from the website. Report all scams or abuses to {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


8. 0 - Security of Personal Information.


eBuyNow eCommerce Ltd. has invested and deployed a wide variety of technology and security features to make reasonable efforts to ensure the privacy of information on its network. Operations guidelines ensure privacy is safeguarded at every level of our organization.


Each subscriber to the Service is provided with security secrets that grant access to Personal Information stored within the account. You are responsible for the protection of your security information in the form of usernames and passwords, keys, security questions and answers and codes. Accounts that are compromised because a third-party obtained this confidential information are the sole responsibility of the account owner, including purchases, damages and actions taken while impersonating the credentials.


Suspicion of a security breach or compromise of the account secrets should be immediately reported to customer support to minimize damage and risk. The agent will assist with securing the account and investigating the extent of the breach. If the symptom is reported promptly the agent will assist with reversing transactions or payments that are proven fraudulent. Consumer protection law protects any victim of fraud from charges or penalties if the activity is quickly reported and full cooperation is provided to the Vendor to investigate.


A breach that is not reported within 24 hours of detection can increase risk to the platform and other third-parties. This is a violation of the Terms of Service and it will result in immediate suspension of the account and may lead to legal action from EBUYNOW or from third-party Partners (payment gateways, credit card companies, etc.) if the conduct is found to be irresponsible.


9. 0 - Security of Digital Transmissions.


Key communications with the data center are encrypted in transit using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) with Transport Layer Security (TLS) to restrict third-party eavesdropping to the Service. This mechanism will protect the transmission of Personal Information as it travels to our infrastructure, where it is protected by our security. The browser will display a lock icon to validate the use of SSL on secure parts of the site where forms collect data, payments are processed and Personal Information is handled or updated.


EBUYNOW uses industry standard browser encryption with a bit-strength of 128-bit or 256-bit to secure communications.


Personal Information which you voluntarily include and transmit through publicly accessible forums (i. e., chat rooms, blogs, instant messaging) may be viewed and used by anyone with access to such forums. EBUYNOW assumes no responsibility for anything that is shared from the Service to one of these mediums.


10. 0 - Account Information.


Personal Information about you is available at your request and can be changed at your request. All necessary steps must be taken to validate your identity before the request is fulfilled. Personal Information or security secrets will be requested and compared to the records the Service has on file to the satisfaction of the EBUYNOW representative. Accounts that have been compromised in the past may require multiple validation tests to satisfy the requirement. This is for your protection and cooperation is expected.


You are responsible for ensuring that the information the Service has on file for you is accurate at all times.


11. 0 - Third-Party Websites and Services.


Our Service may contain links to other Web sites and services not maintained by eBuyNow eCommerce Ltd. In addition, other Web sites and services may also reference or link to EBUYNOW. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our service, or surf the Internet, and to be aware the privacy statements will differ. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of, such other Web sites and services. EBUYNOW does not assume any liability for third parties that have been provided with information as permitted by this Privacy Policy or who have collected information as permitted by this Privacy Policy (such as advertisers using third party cookies).


We are not responsible for the Personal Information collected from any third-party Web site or service. Requests to de-list or delete must be addressed with the responsible party. Partner organizations are actively involved in the delivery of the Service and the posted Privacy Policy for these vendors may follow different guidelines.


12. 0 - Marketing Opt-Out.


If you do not want your Personal Information used by eBuyNow eCommerce Ltd. for any direct marketing purposes, then you may opt-out of such disclosures by emailing us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} to request removal.


The Service will request from time to time to include your Personal Information in mailing lists and marketing to send information about specials and other services from EBUYNOW or our partners. If you do not wish to receive these communications, the choice to opt-out should be chosen.


13. 0 - Changes to Policy.


We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time.


Events will be governed by the policy for which the date falls between the Effective Date at 12: 00 am PST and the Retired Date at 11: 59 pm PST with all provisions and changes in effect.


You are responsible for checking the new policy and understanding the changes. It is recommended that periodic visits to the Web site to view the Privacy Policy or follow up when the notification e-mails are received will keep you up to speed.


14. 0 - Questions and Feedback.


If you need clarification about something in this policy or you have feedback you wish to share, please send us a detailed message to {removed href} {removed hyperref}, or send mail to the following address:


eBuyNow eCommerce Ltd.


The Atrium.


1321 Blanshard Street, Suite 301.


Victoria, British Columbia.


Canada V8W 0B6.


Expect a response to e-mail within 48 hours.


15. 0 - Implied Consent.


By using the Service, you consent to the collection and use of information by Customers as specified in this policy. Should you in some way be aware of a reason why the Privacy Policy must not be applied to you OR should you know you are barred from legally using this service, you are required to cancel your subscription and stop using the service immediately.


