


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} Privacy Policy.


Privacy Policy.


Privacy Policy.


{bullet list}.


{list item} OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY AND SECURITY.


Protecting your privacy and security is of the utmost importance to Gallop Fulfillment Inc. To show our commitment to maintaining your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected, shared and used. This privacy statement applies exclusively to the Site {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{bullet list}.


{list item} THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT.


This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the {removed hyperref} website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests and register to receive promotional or other materials. {removed hyperref} can only collect the information you provide.


In order to provide you with an efficient, expedient and customized buying experience, we may collect various forms of personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information while you use our website. This personal information typically includes your name, email and shipping address, and phone number to process your purchase request. We also request sensitive financial information such as your credit card number to fulfill payment. This information is used to process purchase requests and when you select to register an account on the site, we also collect your gender to complete your account profile. We employ the services of third party agents in certain instances to facilitate the purchase process. We use a third party agent to host the checkout and payment processing for purchases made on the Site. We also employ the service of a shipping agent in delivering products to you. These third parties are not authorized to use your personal information for any promotional purposes. Moreover, Gallop Fulfillment Inc. does not share your personal information with any third parties for their promotional purposes. We reserve the right to share information with our service providers as well as law enforcement and government agencies where a formal request has been made, such as in a civil suit, court order, judicial proceeding or subpoena. As well as, where necessary to protect our intellectual property, or the physical safety of our users and staff. If {removed hyperref} is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.


We send periodic promotional offers to {removed hyperref} customers. If you supply us with your postal address online, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events.


If you do not wish to receive mailings, email, or any other communication from {removed hyperref}, please contact us by email at {removed href} {removed hyperref}, and we will remove your name immediately.


We use encrypted information stored in cookies only known to us to provide some features of our website throughout the purchase process. Cookies are bits of information that are given to your Internet browser that ultimately helps {removed hyperref} recognize you when you access our website. There is no personally identifiable information stored, accessed or understood outside of this website and its systems when using cookies. From time to time, we may employ the services of third parties to track and analyze aggregated data about the Site. These third parties may use cookies to which we have no access. The information gathered in these cookies is not tied to personal information and is used to assist us in improving the Site and service offerings we provide. These third parties may also employ clear gifs (a. k. a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), images, and scripts that help them better manage content on our site. We do not tie the information gathered to our Customers or Users personally identifiable information. As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information. We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking {removed href} Here. Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads. Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.


{bullet list}.


{list item} OUR COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITY.


To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online that meet industry standards.


work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts sensitive financial information you input during transmission. * reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. * is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.


{bullet list}.


{list item} HOW YOU CAN ACCESS OR CORRECT YOUR INFORMATION.


You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain correct, update or delete it, by signing in with your e-mail address and password to manage your account. We use this procedure to safeguard your information. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.


To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections on this Web site. We reserve the right to update this Privacy Statement from time to time. Should we make material changes in the manner we utilize your personal information, we shall notify you by a prominent notice on the Site, or by {removed hyperref} to the change becoming effective.


{bullet list}.


{list item} HOW TO CONTACT US.


If you have any other questions or concerns about this Site please contact us at your convenience.


Email: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Address: 231 Market Place, Suite 157, San Ramon, CA 94583.


Statement last updated, November 28, 2013.


{removed href} TOP.


