


{removed href} Skip to content.


Legal.


Privacy Policy.


{removed hyperref} (an exempted company formed in the Cayman Islands with limited liability) and its affiliates (WE, US, or OUR) are committed to protecting the privacy of your information. The following Privacy Policy sets forth our policies and practices regarding how we use and share the information we collect through your use of our products and services including our software and our mobile applications, and your navigation of our websites.


SCOPE.


This Notice applies to use of:


(i) our products, services, applications or software and Events (as defined below) offered through the EOSIO website (our SERVICES) (unless a separate privacy policy is expressed to apply in respect of such Service);


(ii) our EOSIO website (URL: {removed hyperref}) and its subdomains for the time being, including without limitation, {removed hyperref}, {removed hyperref}, {removed hyperref}, {removed hyperref}, {removed hyperref}, regardless of the medium in which the Websites are accessed by a user (e. g., via a web or mobile browser) (the WEBSITES);


(iii) any events hosted by us, whether such events are open to the public or are by invitation (collectively the EVENTS); and.


(iv) subsections of the social media platform controlled by us.


(collectively, our DATA SOURCES).


PERSONAL DATA WE PROCESS.


We process the Personal Data we collect about you when you use our Data Sources. In this Notice Personal Data generally means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person as may be collected or processed by us in connection with the Data Sources and includes Personal Data as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable law.


As set out in the section below, we may process the following categories of Personal Data:


{number list}.


{list item} CONTACT INFORMATION, including your first and last name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, mailing preference and other contact information you may provide when communicating with us through our Data Sources.


{list item} COMMUNICATION INFORMATION, which means the contents of the communications and correspondence between us, whether by email, an EOSIO blockchain, or otherwise through one of our Services, through your submission of an online form, or when you otherwise contact us.


{list item} RECRUITMENT INFORMATION, which means your resume, employment history, qualifications, contact information, reference information, and other information you may submit when applying for a job with us.


{list item} ACCOUNT INFORMATION, which means your Contact Information provided to us when creating an account as well as your user name and user identification number.


{list item} OTHER IDENTIFYING INFORMATION, which means your IP address, device name and device ID, MAC address, GUID, coarse location and fine location.


{list item} APPLICATION SECURITY INFORMATION, which means your passwords, two-factor authentication software or key pairs, security questions (including the answers the said questions) and security device identification number.


{list item} FINANCIAL TRANSACTION INFORMATION, which means payment information, such as your credit or debit card number and other card information; other account and authentication information; and billing, contact details or cryptocurrency wallet address (including public key or private key).


We collect Personal Data through:


{number list}.


{list item} Your use of or participation in our Data Sources;


{list item} A third partys use of our Data Sources relating to you; and.


{list item} Direct or unsolicited interactions, such as when you voluntarily provide your information to us by contacting us, submitting requests and comments, subscribing to our newsletters, submitting job applications, or otherwise engaging with us through our Data Sources.


We also collect other types of statistical information in aggregate form when you use our Data Sources.


HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA.


We use your Personal Data to deliver our Data Sources, as set out in the following tables:


{removed hyperref} AS A PROVIDER OF SERVICES.


Purpose of processingCategories of Personal DataBasis for collection Providing Services Other Identifying Information Performance of a contract It is in our mutual legitimate interest for us to provide you with the Services you have requested Providing support in relation to our Services Contact Information Communication Information Performance of a contract It is in our mutual legitimate interest for us to provide you with the support for Services that you have requested Providing you with the ability to contribute to forums Communication Information Other Identifying Information Performance of a contract It is in our mutual legitimate interest for us to provide you with the Services you have requested Downloading applications Other identifying information Performance of a contract It is in our mutual legitimate interest for you to download the application Application account creation process Account Information Performance of a contract It is in our mutual legitimate interest for you to create an account where you have requested one Ensuring the security of the users account Application security information Other Identifying Information Performance of a contract It is in our mutual interest for your application account to be secure Usage analytics to monitor the performance of the application Other identifying information It is in our mutual interest for us to monitor the performance of the application to ensure the application remains operational.


PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED THROUGH OUR WEBSITES.


Purpose of processingCategories of Personal DataBasis for collection Sending you marketing communications about us and our Services Contact Information Communication Information Consent If you are a business or an interested individual it is in our legitimate interest to provide you with information that is relevant to you about us and our Services (to the extent your jurisdiction does not require us to obtain prior consent) Making our Website accessible and providing Services via our Website Contact Information Communication Information Financial Transaction Information (for respective Services) Performance of a contract It is in our mutual interest for us to provide you with the goods and services that you have requested from us Potential recruitment by us Recruitment Information Our legitimate interests in evaluating job applications and making employment and other hiring decisions; and Recruitment steps we must take prior to entering into employment contracts with individuals Processing data in connection with subsections of social media platforms controlled by us Other Identifying Information It is in our legitimate interests to understand how you engage with our technology on social media platforms, which will allow us to improve your user experience and our social media activities in general Website traffic analysis and usage analytics Other Identifying Information Our legitimate interest in understanding your preferences with respect to the Sites, which will allow us to improve your user experience and our Website in general Our legitimate interest in ensuring the integrity and availability of the Website as well as the confidentiality, integrity and availability of Personal Data and other information stored in our Website Sending you marketing communications about EOS VC Contact Information Communication Information Consent If you are a business it is in our legitimate interest to provide you with information that is relevant to you about EOS VC. Submitting information to EOS VC for funding Contact Information Communication Information Other Identifying Information Consent Our legitimate interest is to process your application for funding and to evaluate the content of the materials submitted to EOS VC. Performance of a contract.


DATA COLLECTED AT OUR EVENTS.


Purpose of processingCategories of Personal DataBasis for collection Registering for our Events Contact Information Communication Information Financial Transaction Information Consent Performance of a contract Our legitimate interest is to process your registration to our Events and confirming your attendance. Sending you marketing communications related to our Events Contact Information Communication Information Consent If you are a business or an interested individual who attended our Events, it is in our legitimate interest to provide you with information that is relevant to you about us and our Services (to the extent your jurisdiction does not require us to obtain prior consent) Sending you surveys about our Events Contact Information Communication Information Consent If you are a business or an interested individual who attended our Events, it is in our legitimate interest to provide you with the opportunity to give us feedback about our Events in the form of a survey (to the extent your jurisdiction does not require us to obtain prior consent).


(FOR THE PURPOSES OF DATA PROTECTION LAW IN THE EUROPEAN UNION OR THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, IN THE ABOVE TABLES, CONSENT REFERS TO ARTICLE 6(1) (A), PERFORMANCE OF A CONTRACT OR STEPS WE MUST TAKE PRIOR TO ENTERING INTO A CONTRACT TO ARTICLE 6(1) (B), AND LEGITIMATE INTEREST TO ARTICLE 6(1) (F) OF REGULATION (EU) 2016/679 GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION).


HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA.


We may share your Personal Data with the following categories of third parties:


{number list}.


{list item} Third-party service providers who need access to Personal Data to assist us in delivering Services. For example, such third parties include payment processors; information technology service providers; providers of identity verification services; websites hosting providers; marketing, accounting, shipping, and delivery vendors; other business process outsourcing providers; and partners who assist us with administering programs we offer to you, such as our bug bounty program. We endeavour to only share the minimum amount of Personal Data with these service providers that they need to perform their tasks.


{list item} Third-party service providers who need access to Personal Data to provide advertising and analytics services. For example, we use MailChimp for the collection and management of your Personal Data that enables us to deliver marketing communications about our Services to you.


{list item} Our corporate affiliates, when necessary to complete the processing activities described above.


{list item} Public and governmental authorities that regulate or have jurisdiction over us, such as regulatory authorities, law enforcement, public bodies, and judicial bodies.


{list item} Other third parties, as reasonably necessary:


{number list}.


{list item} In relation to a merger, sale, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy, or other change of ownership or control (whether in whole or in part); and.


{list item} To: (i) comply with laws applicable to us, a request from law enforcement, a regulatory agency, or other legal process; (ii) protect the legitimate rights, privacy, property, interests or our safety, our customers, business partners, personnel, or the general public; (iii) pursue available remedies or limit damages; (iv) enforce our Terms of Use; or (v) respond to an emergency.


THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS AND WEBSITES.


Our Data Sources may contain links to third-party applications not affiliated with us. Your use of an external application or any informational content found on external applications is subject to and governed by the privacy policies, terms, and conditions of that application. We do not endorse or make any representations or warranties concerning, and will not in any way be liable for, any informational content, products, services, software, or other materials available on external applications are framed within our Data Sources. Further, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any external applications. The Websites may contain links to websites not affiliated with us. Your use of external websites or any informational content found on external websites is subject to and governed by the privacy policies, terms, and conditions of those websites. We do not endorse or make any representations or warranties concerning, and will not in any way be liable for, any informational content, products, services, software, or other materials available on external websites even if one or more pages of the external websites are framed within a page of our Sites. Further, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any external websites.


ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS SERVICES PROVIDED BY THIRD PARTIES.


We may allow others to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and to provide analytics services. These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Data Sources and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, blocks created, transactions undertaken, information provided to EOSIO blockchains, time spent on pages, links you clicked, and conversion information. This information may be used by us and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on the Websites, and better understand your online preferences. For more information about interest-based ads, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


The third-party service providers we use for advertising and analytics include:


{number list}.


{list item} Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google, uses cookies to collect information such as how often users visit the Website, what they view on the Website, and which websites they visited before coming to the Website. Googles ability to use and share information it collects about your visits to the Website is restricted by the {removed href} Google Analytics Terms of Use and the {removed href} Google Privacy Policy. In order to protect your privacy, your IP address will be truncated. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you may disable cookies on your browser or install the {removed href} Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Ad-On. To opt-out of DoubleClicks advertising services, you may visit {removed href} Google Ads Settings.


COOKIES.


We use Cookies, web beacons, and other data collecting technologies, such as when you navigate the Websites or click on links in the emails we send you. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to a web browser, allowing our Sites to remember and customize your subsequent visits. A web beacon (also called a pixel tag or clear GIF) is a piece of computer code that enables us to monitor user activity and website traffic. To learn more about how we use cookies then please visit our {removed href} Cookie Policy. For more information on cookies and web beacons more generally, please visit {removed href} {removed hyperref}. Some web browsers offer settings that allow you to reject cookies or alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer or device. Please note that if you reject cookies, the functionality of some areas of the Websites may be limited.


INDIVIDUALS IN CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS.


YOUR RIGHTS. If you are located in certain jurisdictions, the applicable legislation allows you some or all of the following rights with respect to your Personal Data:


{number list}.


{list item} TO ACCESS THE PERSONAL DATA WE MAINTAIN ABOUT YOU. We will provide you free of charge with a copy of your Personal Data, but we may charge you a fee to cover our administrative costs if you request further copies of the same information.


{list item} TO BE PROVIDED WITH INFORMATION ABOUT HOW WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA. This will include information on the categories of data, the sources from which it originated, the purpose and legal basis for the processing, the expected retention period, and the safeguards regarding data transfers to other jurisdictions, subject to the limitations set out in applicable laws and regulations.


{list item} TO CORRECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA. You have the right to ask us to rectify Personal Data you think is inaccurate or incomplete. In some cases, you will need to make certain of these changes yourself by using the tools we provide in the Data Sources.


{list item} TO HAVE YOUR PERSONAL DATA ERASED. You have the right to ask us to delete your Personal Data. In some cases, you will need to do the deletion yourself using the tools we provide in the Data Sources. We will decline your request for deletion if processing your Personal Data is necessary: (i) for the continued performance of a contract, (ii) to comply with our legal obligation; (iii) in pursuit of a legal action; (iv) to detect and monitor fraud; or (v) for the performance of a task in the public interest.


{list item} TO OBJECT TO HOW WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA. Where we process your Personal Data based on our legitimate interest (or that of a third party), you have the right to object to this processing on grounds relating to your particular situation if you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. We will decline your request where we have a compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your rights and freedoms, or where the processing is in connection with the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.


{list item} TO BE INFORMED ABOUT DIRECT MARKETING. You have the right to request us to tell you how your Personal Data has been shared, if at all, with third parties for the third parties direct marketing purposes.


{list item} TO STOP YOUR PERSONAL DATA BEING USED FOR DIRECT MARKETING PURPOSES. At your request, we will stop using your Personal Data for the purpose of direct marketing. If you want to stop us from contacting you in connection with marketing communications, please email us at the email address specified below.


{list item} TO RESTRICT HOW WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA. At your request, we will limit the processing of your Personal Data if:


{number list}.


{list item} you dispute the accuracy of your Personal Data;


{list item} your Personal Data was processed unlawfully and you request a limitation on processing, rather than the deletion of your Personal Data;


{list item} we no longer need to process your Personal Data, but you require your Personal Data in connection with a legal claim, or.


{list item} you object to the processing pending verification as to whether an overriding legitimate ground for such processing exists.


We may continue to store your Personal Data to the extent required to ensure that your request to limit the processing is respected in the future.


{number list}.


{list item} THE RIGHT TO DATA PORTABILITY. You have the right to receive your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, if:


{number list}.


{list item} the processing of your Personal Data is based on your consent or required for the performance of a contract; or.


{list item} the processing is carried out by automated means.


Please note information might already be available to you via the Data Sources.


{number list}.


{list item} TO WITHDRAW ANY CONSENT THAT YOU GAVE US TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA. You have the right to withdraw any consent you may have previously given us at any time.


{list item} TO COMPLAIN TO A SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY. If you are not satisfied with our response, you have the right to complain to or seek advice from a supervisory authority and/or bring a claim against us in any court of competent jurisdiction.


To exercise the above rights, please contact us at the email address specified below. We will consider and process your request within a reasonable period of time. Please be aware that under certain circumstances, or in relation to certain types of data, including pseudonymous data, the applicable legislation may limit your exercise of these rights.


INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS. We may transfer your Personal Data to countries outside of your jurisdiction for processing in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the applicable laws. Where this is the case, we will ensure that any data processors receiving your Personal Data are subject to laws ensuring an adequate level of data protection as set out in an applicable adequacy decision of the relevant regulatory authority (which may include the EU-U. S. Privacy Shield) or will ensure that an adequate level of data protection will be available on the basis of standard contractual clauses that will allow you to directly enforce your rights as a third-party beneficiary.


Where regulation in a jurisdiction requires us to provide you with a notice, or other explanation of the information about you that we collect and process (or similar), this privacy notice shall be understood as fulfilling our obligation to provide you with such notice or explanation.


RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA.


We retain Personal Data for the period of time necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice and our records retention policies unless a longer retention period is required by law.


Please note that information made public on any blockchain via our Data Sources or otherwise may be kept for an extended period of time.


DATA SECURITY.


The security of your information is important to us. We have implemented reasonable technical, physical and administrative security measures intended to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.


MARKETING.


To opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us, please click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of a marketing email or let us know by reaching us at the email address specified below. Please note that even if we stop all marketing communications, you may still receive administrative, legal, and other important communications from us.


CHILDRENS PRIVACY.


We do not market to and do not knowingly collect any Personal Data from or about a child under the age of 16 without the consent of the childs parent or legal guardian. Our Data Sources are not intended for children under the age of 16. Children under the age of 16 must not use our Data Sources for any purpose without first obtaining legally valid parental/guardian consent to this Privacy Policy (both for themselves and on your behalf). If you believe we have any Personal Data from any children under the age of 16 without such parental/guardian consent, please contact us at the email address specified below.


DO NOT TRACK.


Certain web browsers and other devices you may use to access the Websites may permit you to submit your preference that you do not wish to be tracked online. We do not currently commit to responding to these submissions, in part, because no common industry standard for do not track has been adopted by industry groups, technology companies, or regulators. We will make efforts to monitor developments around do not track browser technology and the implementation of a standard.


UPDATES TO THE PRIVACY NOTICE.


We reserve the right to amend this Notice at any time. You will know if the Notice has changed since the last time you reviewed it by checking the Date of Last Update section below. By continuing to use our Data Sources after changes have been posted, you are confirming that you have read, understood and agree to the latest version of this Notice.


WHO IS RESPONSIBLE.


We are responsible for the processing of your information as data controller (unless a different affiliate is named in a separate privacy policy).


If you have any questions, comments, or complaints, or would like to access or correct your Personal Data and privacy preferences, please contact us by using the following ways:


BY EMAIL: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


IN WRITING:


MAPLES CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED, PO BOX 309, UGLAND HOUSE, GRAND CAYMAN, KY1-1104 THE CAYMAN ISLANDS.


Date of Last Update: January 15, 2020 {removed href}.


