


This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. {removed href} Learn more {removed href} Got it!


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} PRIVACY POLICY.


{removed href}.


Privacy Policy.


Escali believes in protecting any personal information you share with us. We will respect either your permission to use that information or your demand not to use it. The choice will always be up to you. We also believe it is important to explain to you how we will use your information and why you should share information with us. That is why we developed this privacy statement. It tells you exactly what we will or will not do. It represents what we believe in and states what we commit ourselves to.


Why should you share information with Escali?


Sharing your personal information enables us to match our products to your wishes more closely. It tells us how you feel about us, about our products, about our services. It might also offer you a number of benefits now and in the future.


How do you share information with Escali?


You may choose to share your information with us by completing the online registration, by sending an information request, by entering a contest, by participating in a promotion or by communicating with a customer service representative. Registration of your information always involves filling in a form.


YOURE IN CONTROL!


We want to know you better so we can provide you with better products and services. However, the choice of whether you want this kind of service is up to you. Sharing information with Escali is never a must. To assure that you are always in control of your own data, we commit ourselves to the following rules:


We will only collect, use or share your personal information if you give us explicit permission to do so.


By registering you give us permission to share your personal information with other Escali divisions, or selected partners of Escali, around the world. They may communicate with you about products or special offers you may find useful.


Escali will never share any personal financial information you provide (such as credit card information) with other companies. We recognize our responsibility to protect the information you entrust to us. Escali uses a variety of secure techniques to protect your information, including secure servers and firewalls.


ESCALI SMARTCONNECTTM.


The Escali SmartConnect mobile app requires a mobile device running Android 4. 3 or iOS 6. 0 which features Bluetooth Low Energy technology. The Escali SmartConnect mobile app connects with Apple Health (iOS 8. 0. 2 only) to share Escali SmartConnect body journal and food journal information with Apple Health. Apple Health features are not available on the iPad. Escali will not share your personal health records with any third parties. You must connect Escali SmartConnect to Apple Health before Escali SmartConnect will post body journal and food journal data into Apple Health.


CONTACTING US.


If you would like to contact us for any reason regarding our privacy policy, please visit the {removed href} Contact Us section of this website.


If you have a problem with our use of your information, please let us know and we will make all reasonable efforts to correct it.


