


{removed href} HeathCo Privacy Policy.


Last modified: January 23, 2020.


{removed href} Introduction.


HeathCo LLC (HEATHCO, WE, or US).


This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide to us and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.


This policy applies to information we collect:


{number list}.


{list item} Through the HeathCo official website {removed href} {removed hyperref}, WEBSITE).


{list item} Through our mobile and desktop applications you download from the Internet, including Notifi, Secure360, and HZconnect, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and HeathCo (collectively, APPS).


{list item} Through our security products that connect to the Internet, including our Notifi Elite Video Doorbell, Notifi Alert Wireless Plug-In Doorbell, Secure360, and HZconnect (collectively, SECURITY PRODUCTS).


{list item} Through our cloud storage services, including our Notifi Cloud, Secure360, and HZconnect (collectively, CLOUD STORAGE SERVICES).


{list item} Through our technical support and customer service when you contact us via mail, e-mail, or telephone (collectively, SUPPORT SERVICES) PRODUCTS AND SERVICES).


It does not apply to information collected by any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website or Apps.


Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Products and Services. By accessing or using our Products and Services, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy).


{removed href} Children Under the Age of 16.


Our Products and Services is not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any personal information through any of our Products and Services. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information through any of our Products and Services, including without limitation registering on the Website or Apps, making any purchases through the Website or Apps, or providing any information about yourself to us, such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} or (800) 858-8501, or write to us at HeathCo LLC, Customer Technical Support, P. O. Box 90045 Bowling Green, KY 42102.


{removed href} Information We Collect.


We collect several types of information from and about users of our Products and Services, including information:


{number list}.


{list item} Personal Information: When you register an account with HeathCo on our Website or Apps and when you contact us for customer service or otherwise, we may collect personally identifiable information, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline.


{list item} Payment Information: When you purchase HeathCo products, we rely upon third-party payment processing services, such {removed href} {removed hyperref} and {removed href} PayPal,


{list item} Device Information: When you interact with our Security Products, we may collect information relating to (i) device setup, such as unique device identifier (UDI), device name, model, and settings, (ii) technical information about the device, such as firmware and software version, WiFi signal strength, environmental data, usage details, and device sensitivity, and (iii) audiovisual information, such as audio and video recordings, depending on your settings and subscription status.


{list item} Technical Information: When you interact with our Products and Services, we may collect information about the equipment you use to access our Products and Services, such as technical data about your mobile device or computer, your internet connection, IP addresses, geolocation, usage details, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.


{removed href} How We Collect Your Information.


Certain information, such as personal information and payment information, is collected directly from you when you provide it to us or our third-party payment processing services. Other information, such as certain device information and technical information, is collected automatically when you interact with our Products and Services. We may also use automatic data collection technologies on our Website and our Apps to collect certain technical information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:


{number list}.


{list item} Details of your visits to our Website and Apps, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website and Apps.


{list item} Information about your computer or mobile device and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.


We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). Some Internet browsers have incorporated Do Not Track features which send a signal or preference to websites indicating that you do not wish to be tracked. Please note that the HeathCo does not respond to or take any action with respect to any browser Do-Not-Track signals.


The information we collect automatically is only statistical data and does not include personal information. It helps us to improve our Products and Services and to deliver a better and more personalized service. The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:


{number list}.


{list item} COOKIES (OR BROWSER COOKIES). A cookie is a small file placed on your computer or mobile device. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website or Apps. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website or use our Apps.


{list item} FLASH COOKIES. Certain features of our Website or Apps may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website or Apps. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.


{list item} WEB BEACONS. Our the Website and Apps may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit HeathCo, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or accessed certain portions of Apps and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).


{removed href} How We Use Your Information.


We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:


{number list}.


{list item} To present our Website and Apps and its contents to you.


{list item} To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.


{list item} To store audiovisual and other device information for you through our Cloud Storage Services.


{list item} To provide you with notices about your account/subscription, including expiration and renewal notices.


{list item} Offer and administer events, classes, contests, prize draws, sweepstakes and other promotions.


{list item} Conduct internal research and development.


{list item} Detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, or illegal activity, including fraudulent transactions, error, negligence, and breach of contract, and to protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of HeathCo and our users, customers, employees or the public.


{list item} To notify you about changes and updates to our Products and Services.


{list item} To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.


{list item} To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.


{list item} In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.


{list item} For any other purpose with your consent.


We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third-parties goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, you can opt-out by sending us an email stating your request to {removed href} {removed hyperref}. For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.


{removed href} Disclosure of Your Information.


INFORMATION WE DISCLOSE.


We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.


We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:


{number list}.


{list item} To our subsidiaries and affiliates.


{list item} To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.


{list item} To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of HeathCos assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by HeathCo about our users is among the assets transferred.


{list item} To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.


{list item} For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.


{list item} With your consent.


We may also disclose your personal information:


{number list}.


{list item} To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.


{list item} To enforce or apply our {removed href} Terms Conditions and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.


{list item} If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of HeathCo, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.


We do not sell your personal information to third parties or provide your personal information to third parties for advertising purposes without your express written consent.


{removed href} Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.


We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:


{number list}.


{list item} TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page at {removed href} Adobe. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of the Website or Apps may then be inaccessible or not function properly.


{list item} PROMOTIONAL OFFERS FROM HEATHCO. If you do not wish to have your e-mail address/contact information used by HeathCo to promote our own or third parties products or services, you can opt-out by sending us an email stating your request to {removed href} {removed hyperref}. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions. This opt out does not apply to information provided to us as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions.


{list item} MOBILE PUSH NOTIFICATIONS/ALERTS. With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.


{removed href} Accessing and Correcting Your Information. You can review and change your personal information by logging into the Website or Apps and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at {removed href} {removed hyperref} to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We may not be able to delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.


{removed href} Your California Privacy Rights.


ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES.


If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).


{number list}.


{list item} CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED: In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information: identifiers, characteristics of protected classifications under California or U. S. law, commercial information, Internet and electronic network activity, geolocation data, audio and visual information, inferences drawn about your preferences, and other categories of personal information that relate to or are reasonably capable of being associated with you. For examples of the precise information we collect, please see Information We Collect above.


{list item} BUSINESS OR COMMERCIAL PURPOSE FOR COLLECTING AND USING PERSONAL INFORMATION: We collect personal information for the business purposes described in the How We Use Your Information section above.


{list item} CATEGORIES OF SOURCES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION: We collect personal information from you and the sources described in the How We Collect Your Information section above.


{list item} CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION DISCLOSED: In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business or commercial purposes: identifiers, Internet and electronic network activity information, commercial information, audio and visual information, geolocation data, inferred information, and other information that we have derived or inferred about you or that relates to or is reasonably capable of being associated with you.


{list item} CATEGORIES OF THIRD PARTIES WITH WHOM WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION: We may share your personal information with the third parties as described in the Disclosure of Your Information section above.


{list item} SALE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION: HeathCo does not sell your personal information.


YOUR CONSUMER RIGHTS.


California consumers have the right to request access to their personal information, additional details about our information practices and deletion of their personal information (subject to certain exceptions). California consumers also have the right to opt out of sales of personal information, if applicable. We describe how California consumers can exercise their rights under the CCPA below. Please note that you may designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf by providing written materials demonstrating that you have granted the authorized agent power of attorney. Please note that if an authorized agent submits a request on your behalf, we may need to contact you to verify your identity and protect the security of your personal information. We will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your rights under the CCPA.


{number list}.


{list item} RIGHT TO KNOW: You may request access to the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you in the last 12 months. You may also request additional details about our information practices, including the categories of personal information we have collected about you, the sources of such collection, the categories of personal information we share for a business or commercial purpose, and the categories of third parties with whom we share your personal information. You may make these requests by contacting us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} or (800) 858-8501. We are required by law to verify your identity prior to granting access to your personal information in order to protect your privacy and security.


{list item} DELETION: You may request that we delete the personal information we have collected about you. Please note that we may retain certain information as required or permitted by applicable law. You may make these requests by contacting us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} or (800) 858-8501. We are required by law to verify your identity prior to deleting your personal information in order to protect your privacy and security. If you request to delete your personal information, certain of our products and services may no longer be available to you.


Privacy Rights for European Union Residents.


If you are a resident of a country in the European Economic Area (EEA) {removed href} {removed hyperref} or (800) 858-8501.


Further, please note that the personal information we obtain from or about you may be transferred, processed, and stored outside of the EEA or Switzerland for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including in the United States of America. We take the privacy of our users seriously and therefore take steps to safeguard your information, including ensuring an adequate level of data protection in accordance with E. U. standards in effect as of the date of this Privacy Policy.


{removed href} Data Security.


We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Data storage for Secure360 and HZconnect products is powered by Amazon Web Services and data storage for Notifi products is powered by Microsoft Azure. Audiovisual information stored through our Cloud Storage Services is stored in highly secure data centers with the disaster recovery backups. Audiovisual information cannot be accessed by anyone without your permission.


The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website or Apps, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.


Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted through the Internet. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website or Apps.


{removed href} Changes to Our Privacy Policy.


It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users personal information, we will notify you by e-mail to the primary e-mail address specified in your account if you have made one. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. If you have registered an account with us, you are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.


{removed href} Contact Information.


To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:


MAILING ADDRESS.


HeathCo LLC.


Customer Technical Support.


P. O. Box 90045.


Bowling Green, KY 42102.


E-MAIL ADDRESS.


{removed href} {removed hyperref}.


TOLL-FREE PHONE NUMBER.


(800) 858-8501.


