


Privacy Policy.


Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to {removed hyperref} and Hughes Autoformers and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Hughes Autoformers include {removed hyperref}. The Hughes Autoformers website is a ecommerce site. By using the Hughes Autoformers website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.


Collection of your Personal Information.


In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, Hughes Autoformers may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:


{number list}.


{list item} First and Last Name.


{list item} Mailing Address.


{list item} E-mail Address.


{list item} Phone Number.


If you purchase Hughes Autoformerss products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.


We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.


Use of your Personal Information.


Hughes Autoformers collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.


Hughes Autoformers may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Hughes Autoformers and its affiliates.


Sharing Information with Third Parties.


Hughes Autoformers does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.


Hughes Autoformers may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Hughes.


Autoformers, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.


Hughes Autoformers may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Hughes Autoformers or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Hughes Autoformers; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Hughes Autoformers, or the public.


Tracking User Behavior.


Hughes Autoformers may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Hughes Autoformers, in order to determine what Hughes Autoformers services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Hughes Autoformers to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.


We may track mouse movements and clicks on the website.


Automatically Collected Information.


Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Hughes Autoformers. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Hughes Autoformers website.


Use of Cookies.


The Hughes Autoformers website may use cookies to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.


One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Hughes Autoformers pages, or register with Hughes Autoformers site or services, a cookie helps Hughes Autoformers to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Hughes Autoformers website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Hughes Autoformers features that you customized.


You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Hughes Autoformers services or websites you visit.


Links.


This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the.


content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.


Security of your Personal Information.


Hughes Autoformers secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Hughes Autoformers uses the following methods for this purpose:


{number list}.


{list item} SSL Protocol.


When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.


We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100 secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.


Children Under Thirteen.


Hughes Autoformers does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.


E-mail Communications.


From time to time, Hughes Autoformers may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from Hughes Autoformers or click on a link therein.


If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Hughes Autoformers, you may opt out of such communications by Customers may unsubscribe from emails by clicking the unsubscribe button..


Changes to this Statement.


Hughes Autoformers reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.


Contact Information.


Hughes Autoformers welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Hughes Autoformers has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Hughes Autoformers at:


Hughes Autoformers.


1523 N Harmony Cir. Anaheim, California 92807.


Email Address:


{removed hyperref}.


Telephone number:


888-540-1504.


Effective as of February 05, 2020.


Why do I need an Autoformer?


{removed href} Hughes Autoformers are designed to increase voltage to your RV and help eliminate low voltage damage to your appliances. Unlike a boost transformer, the sense circuit in the Autoformer will adjust the output based on the load demand. For this reason you can run additional appliances on a 30-amp input. For example, a coffee pot and microwave each draw 1200 watts. Add wattage for the converter and/or a refrigerator - about 800 additional watts and now you have 3200 watt demand. {removed href} Read More.


Video Testimonial.


Award Winning.


{removed href} Power Watchdog EPO - 2019 RVIA Product of the Year Finalist.


Olark launch button clip pathEnvelope Iconenvelope to indicate the site is offlineContact us.


indicates a required field.


Name*Required Asterisksignifies that this field can not be left blankEmail*Required Asterisksignifies that this field can not be left blankMessage*Required Asterisksignifies that this field can not be left blankSend {removed href} powered by Olark Logo.


