


Invoxia Privacy Policy.


Web site.


{removed href} Cookies.


{removed href} Privacy.


{removed href} Legal Notice.


Invoxia Online Store.


{removed href} General Terms of Sales.


{removed href} Return Refund Policy.


Website, Applications and Services.


{removed href} General Terms of Use.


Tracking for Business.


{removed href} General Terms of Use.


{removed href} Business Terms of Sales.


{removed href} Application Terms of use.


Compliance.


{removed href} Declarations of Conformity.


Invoxia Privacy Policy.


INVOXIA is a French company with registered offices located at 2 rue Maurice Hartmann, 92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux and is represented by Mr Serge Renouard.


Information we collect.


The use of invoxia products and services requests data to be collected. We may collect data that identify you directly such as (but not limited to) your first name or last name, your date of birth, your e-mail address, your photo. We may also collect data that identify you indirectly such as (but not limited to) your IP address, your zipcode or the settings of your phone.


The protection of your data is at the heart of our confidentiality policy and we undertake to preserve them by applying the optimum level of security.


How we collect data.


Invoxia objects and services collect data when you use them. We may collect information, including personally identifiable information, when:


{number list}.


{list item} You subscribe to receive news or information about our products;


{list item} You place an order for a product;


{list item} You send us e-mail;


{list item} You submit a customer support request or contact our customer support department;


{list item} You create an account with an invoxia app and use it;


{list item} When you use an invoxia product;


{list item} When you log in to your account.


In each of the instances listed here, we may ask for some or all of the personal information listed above.


Sharing and disclosure of personal data.


We do not sell individual information obtained about our visitors and users. Additionally, we will not disclose the personal information you provide via the Site or Products to parties unaffiliated with invoxia, unless you specifically authorize it.


Invoxia uses a variety of third party contractors to perform services such as website management and hosting, online product purchases and shipping, credit card processing and email marketing. In such instances, your personal information may be shared with these agents or contractors but only for the purpose of performing services on behalf of Invoxia and in accordance with this privacy policy.


If Invoxia or its assets are acquired by another company, your personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred to the successor company.


When we are obliged by law: certain laws, regulations, administrative or court rulings may compel us to communicate certain personal data to a third party. Apart from cases when it is prohibited, we shall inform you as soon as possible if we have to transmit some of your data.


Retention of your personal data.


Apart from where the law stipulates a specific period, we retain your personal data for a period not exceeding the period required for the purposes for which it was collected and processed. For instance, we may retain the personal data attached to your account until the account deletion.


Location of the data collected.


The data collected and used for the operation of the Products is stored on servers located within the European Union (France) and in the United State and are therefore subject to regulations that guarantee you a high level of protection for personal data.


Security.


Invoxia takes reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data provided via the Site from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from this Site may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail and/or Internet transmission. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data through the Site.


Childrens privacy.


The Invoxia website or Invoxia Products do not target and are not intended to attract children. Invoxia does not knowingly solicit personal information from children or send them requests for personal information.


The Services are for use by users who are at least 13 years old. Users under the age of 13 are not permitted to use the Services without the consent of a parent or legal guardian. By registering, accessing or using the Services, you represent that the information provided about yourself, including your age or the consent of a parent or legal guardian, is accurate and complete.


Access to Information; Contacting Invoxia.


For any question related to this privacy policy, or any request related to your personal information, you may contact our privacy customer service representatives at {removed hyperref}.


Notice of changes to this policy.


Invoxia may update this privacy policy statement. When we do, we will revise the last updated date at the top of this page.


Effective: Jan 1, 2012 (last updated April 27, 2016).


INVOXIA (SAS) and its affiliates, if any, (collectively referred to as INVOXIA, we, us or our) manufacture, market and sell INVOXIA consumer electronics products (the Product).


We also provide additional features such as.


(a) the website located at {removed hyperref} and more generally all URL and websites administered by Invoxia or within the {removed hyperref} domain (the Site),


(b) services available on the Site and/or delivered through the Site (the Site Services),


(c) certain software that may be downloaded to your mobile device (the Mobile Software).


(d) services available from the Products delivered by Invoxia or its subsidiaries (the Product).


Last update: 01 Jan 2017.


Document Reference: site/privacy.


Locale: enUS.


Versions:


{removed href} privacy-fr 28-02-2019 intl.


{removed href} site/privacy 01-04-2018 deCH.


{removed href} site/privacy 01-04-2018 frCH.


{removed href} site/privacy 01-01-2017 enUS.


{removed href} site/privacy 01-01-2017 frFR.


