


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} PRIVACY POLICY.


{removed href}.


Privacy and Cookie Policy.


LaMotte Company Website Privacy Policy/Terms of Service.


1. Terms.


By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.


2. Use License.


{bullet list}.


{list item} Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on LaMotte Companys web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:


{bullet list}.


{list item} modify or copy the materials;


{list item} use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial) without written consent;


{list item} attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on LaMotte Companys web site;


{list item} remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or.


{list item} transfer the materials to another person or mirror the materials on any other server.


{list item} This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by LaMotte Company at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.


3. Disclaimer.


{bullet list}.


{list item} The materials on LaMotte Companys web site are provided as is. LaMotte Company makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, LaMotte Company does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.


4. Limitations.


In no event shall LaMotte Company or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on LaMotte Companys Internet site, even if LaMotte Company or a LaMotte Company authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.


5. Revisions and Errata.


The materials appearing on LaMotte Companys web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. LaMotte Company does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. LaMotte Company may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. LaMotte Company does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.


6. Links.


LaMotte Company has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by LaMotte Company of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the users own risk.


7. Site Terms of Use Modifications.


LaMotte Company may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.


8. Governing Law.


Any claim relating to LaMotte Companys web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Maryland without regard to its conflict of law provisions.


General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.


Privacy Policy.


This privacy policy (POLICY) describes how LaMotte Company and its related companies (COMPANY) collect, use and share personal information of consumer users of this website, {removed hyperref} (the Site). This Policy also applies to any of our other websites that post this Policy. This Policy does not apply to websites that post different statements.


WHAT WE COLLECT.


We get information about you in a range of ways.


INFORMATION YOU GIVE US.


We collect your name, email address, phone number, fax number, username, password, page visits and other information you directly give us on our Site.


INFORMATION WE GET FROM OTHERS.


We may get information about you from other sources. We may add this to information we get from this Site.


INFORMATION AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED.


We automatically log information about you and your computer. For example, when visiting our Site, we log your computer operating system type, browser type, browser language, the website you visited before browsing to our Site, pages you viewed, how long you spent on a page, access times, Internet protocol (IP) address and information about your use of and actions on our Site.


COOKIES. We may log information using cookies. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website. Cookies help us make our Site and your visit better. We use cookies to see which parts of our Site people use and like and to count visits to our Site.


Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.


WEB BEACONS. We may log information using digital images called Web beacons on our Site or in our emails. We use Web beacons to manage cookies, count visits, and to learn what marketing works and what does not. We also use Web Beacons to tell if you open or act on our emails.


USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We use your personal information as follows:


{number list}.


{list item} We use your personal information to operate, maintain, and improve our sites, products, and services.


{list item} We use your personal information to respond to comments and questions and provide customer service.


{list item} We use your personal information to communicate about promotions, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by us and our selected partners.


{list item} We use your personal information to provide and deliver products and services customers request.


SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We may share personal information as follows:


{number list}.


{list item} We may share personal information with your consent. For example, you may let us share personal information with others for their own marketing uses. Those uses will be subject to their privacy policies.


{list item} We may share personal information when we do a business deal, or negotiate a business deal, involving sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets. These deals can include any merger, financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding.


{list item} We may share personal information for legal, protection, and safety purposes.


{list item} We may share information to comply with laws.


{list item} We may share information to respond to lawful requests and legal process.


{list item} We may share information to protect the rights and property of LaMotte Company, our agents, customers, and others. This includes enforcing our agreements, policies, and terms of use.


{list item} We may share information in an emergency. This includes protecting the safety of our employees and agents, our customers, or any person.


{list item} We may share information with those who need it to do work for us.


We may also share aggregated and/or anonymized data with others for their own uses.


INFORMATION CHOICES AND CHANGES.


Our marketing emails tell you how to opt-out. If you opt out, we may still send you non-marketing emails. Non-marketing emails include emails about your accounts and our business dealings with you.


You may send requests about personal information to our Contact Information below. You can request to change contact choices, opt-out of our sharing with others, and update your personal information.


You can typically remove and reject cookies from our Site with your browser settings. Many browsers are set to accept cookies until you change your settings. If you remove or reject our cookies, it could affect how our Site works for you.


SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We take steps to help protect personal information. No company can fully prevent security risks, however. Mistakes may happen. Bad actors may defeat even the best safeguards.


CONTACT INFORMATION.


We welcome your comments or questions about this Privacy Policy. You may also contact us at our address: LaMotte Company 802 Washington Avenue PO Box 329 Chestertown, Maryland 21620 USA.


CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.


We may change this Privacy Policy. If we make any changes, we will change the Last Updated date below.


This Privacy Policy was last Updated on 1/20/2014. PUBLISHED 1/20/2014.


