


{removed href} Privacy Policy.


You are here: {removed href} Home / Privacy Policy.


{number list}.


{list item}.


Privacy Policy.


Hac a cras vestibulum vestibulum eu egestas a ac eu adipiscing vestibulum vestibulum.


PRIVACY POLICY.


When you use our services, youre trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.


This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.


WE CARE ABOUT YOUR PRIVACY.


HERE Global B. V., including its affiliates (HERE), is committed to respect your privacy and to comply with applicable data protection and privacy laws. This privacy policy (Policy) describes how we collect and use personal data where HERE is the data controller or where we refer to the applicability of this Policy. Personal data means information relating to you or another identifiable individual.


We will give you additional privacy information that is specific to a product or service in Supplements to this Policy and other notices you may see while using our products or services. If there is a difference between such notices and this Policy, the notices should be considered first.


Software on your device may access your information. Our products or services may contain links to, or may be embedded within, other companies websites and services that have privacy policies of their own. Where our products or services are embedded to products and services of our customers, we require our customers to provide necessary transparency to you. This might include linking to this Policy and the relevant Supplements, or providing the transparency in integrated and embedded notices which identify us as the service provider or controller.


IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS POLICY, DO NOT USE OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OR PROVIDE HERE WITH YOUR PERSONAL DATA.


{removed href} WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?


We collect your personal data and other information when you make a purchase, use or register into our products and services (including {removed hyperref} stores, which are branded by Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) and operated by us), take part in campaigns or research or otherwise interact with us. This includes the following categories.


{removed href} Scroll to top.


