


{removed href} Home / Online Privacy Policy.


THIS WEBSITE IS NOT DIRECTED TO OR INTENDED TO BE USED BY RESIDENTS OF MEMBER STATES OF THE EUROPEAN UNION.


IF YOU RESIDE IN THE EUROPEAN UNION, DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE.


Weve compiled this privacy policy to be transparent about how we collect, store, use, protect, and otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information (PII). PII, as defined by US privacy law, can be used to identify, contact or locate an individual. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.


WHAT PII DO WE COLLECT FROM THE PEOPLE THAT VISIT OUR WEBSITE?


To help us serve you more efficiently, we may ask for your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or other details.


WHEN DO WE COLLECT PII?


We collect PII from you when you place an order on our website, contact us for support, respond to our marketing or other communications, or browse our website.


HOW DO WE USE PII?


We use PII to help us serve you better and process your transactions.


HOW DO WE PROTECT PII?


Our website is regularly scanned for security holes, malware and other vulnerabilities. Your PII is contained within secured networks and is only viewable by a limited number of persons who have special access to these networks. These people are required to keep PII confidential. All sensitive information, including credit information, is encrypted. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored on our servers.


WHAT PII DO WE DISCLOSE TO THIRD PARTIES?


We DO NOT sell, trade or otherwise share your PII. We do not allow third party behavioral tracking. Additionally, we do not include or offer third party products or services on our website.


LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES.


Certain links on our website will take you to other websites not under our control. We provide these links as a convenience, and their inclusion is not an endorsement by us. These websites may have different privacy policies than we do and use information you provide according to their own standards and practices. Also, these websites may change their content, operations and policies at their own discretion. You acknowledge that when you click on a link that leaves our website that we are not responsible for those websites or their use of information you provide. Accordingly, we suggest you review and consider the privacy and other policy statements on these websites.


HOW DOES OUR WEBSITE HANDLE DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS?


We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.


COOKIES.


We, along with third-party vendors such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding our websites use and usefulness.


If you are concerned about receiving cookies from websites, you can set your browser to disable this feature or to notify you when they are sent. Disabling the reception of cookies may limit your access to portions of our website.


FAIR INFORMATION PRACTICES.


Fair Information Practices principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States, and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding Fair Information Practice principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.


In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices, should a data breach occur, we will notify users via email within seven (7) business days. We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.


CALOPPA (CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT).


CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The laws reach stretches beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting PII from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. See more at: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.{removed hyperref}.


ACCORDING TO CALOPPA WE AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING:


{number list}.


{list item} Users may visit our website anonymously;


{list item} We have added a conspicuous link to this Privacy Policy on our home page (or on the first significant page after entering our website).


{list item} Our Privacy Policy link includes the word Privacy and can be easily be found on our website;


{list item} Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes on our Privacy Policy page; and.


{list item} Users are able to change their PII by emailing or calling us.


COPPA (CHILDREN ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT).


When it comes to the collection of PII from children under 13, the Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nations consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect childrens privacy and safety online. We do not specifically market to children under 13.


CAN-SPAM ACT.


The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.


WE COLLECT YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS TO:


{number list}.


{list item} Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions;


{list item} Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders;


{list item} We may also send you additional information related to your product and/or service; and.


{list item} Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our customers after the original transaction has occurred.


TO COMPLY WITH CAN-SPAM WE AGREE TO:


{number list}.


{list item} Not use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses;


{list item} Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way;


{list item} Include the physical address of our business or website headquarters;


{list item} Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used;


{list item} Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly; and.


{list item} Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at or near the bottom of each email.


If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can follow the instructions at or near the bottom of each email. We will promptly remove you if/when requested.


CONTACTING US.


If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email, telephone, or mail to: Apollo Tech USA Inc., 8608 Utica Ave., 220X, Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91730; email: {removed hyperref}; Toll Free Phone: 1-888-818-0436.


LAST UPDATED: MAY 25, 2018.


