


FREE SHIPPING ON DOMESTIC ORDERS 49!


Privacy Policy.


{removed href} Home Privacy Policy.


OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY.


Our Privacy Policy was developed as an extension of our commitment to combine quality products and services with integrity in dealing with our users. This policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use, and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and products and services. As we continue to develop our web site and take advantage of advances in technology, our privacy policy may change. Please refer to this page frequently for the most up-to-date information.


ONLINE ACCOUNT REGISTRATION.


You may want to register with {removed hyperref} (Site) to make shopping faster and easier. For non-registered users, we request account information (email address and password), and billing and shipping information for orders placed during each visit. As a registered customer, you only have to enter your billing and shipping addresses and account information once; they will be securely stored in our database for your future use. Use your username and password to access your account online at any time when adding, deleting, or modifying information. If you are using a computer at a public place, we encourage you to log out at the end of your session. Your information is securely stored with us and will not be accessible to anyone else from that computer.


THE INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THE SITE.


When you shop on the Site, we obtain information needed to complete your transaction. This may include your name, shipping address, billing address, telephone number, credit/debit card number with expiration date, and email address. If you enter certain of our contests or giveaways, we may collect additional information. Under no circumstances do we ever share, sell, or rent your personal information to outside parties. In addition to the below uses, the customer contact information you provide may be used to contact you concerning the status of an order, answer your questions and, unless you choose to opt-out, to send you communications about upcoming sales, discounts, contests, promotions and product information.


How We Use the Information Collected.


BILLING INFORMATION.


We use this information to confirm your credit/debit card information and to contact you if we have questions regarding your order. Your billing information may also be used for future Murtoo print mailings such as catalogs. You may request to be removed from our mailing list at any time.


SHIPPING INFORMATION.


We use this information to ship the online order placed.


CREDIT/DEBIT CARD INFORMATION.


All credit and/or debit card information is used to process your online order. We may also need to provide this information to the company or companies who process your credit card payments.


EMAIL INFORMATION.


After placing an order with the Site, you will receive an email confirmation that we have received your order. You will receive this email only if you have provided us with your correct email address. We may also need to contact you via email if we have questions regarding your order. Your email information may also be used for future Murtoo Email Newsletters, which will include unsubscribing instructions. We would like to reiterate that under no circumstances do we ever share, sell, or rent your personal information with outside parties.


TRAFFIC DATA, COOKIES AND THEIR USE.


We automatically track and collect the following categories of information when you visit the Site: (1) IP addresses; (2) domain servers; (3) types of computers accessing the Site; and (4) types of web browsers used to access the Site (collectively Traffic Data). Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on the Site. We also use cookies. Cookies are small data text files that your web browser stores on your computer when you visit some web sites. We use cookies to make your online shopping experience easier and more personalized, for instance, allowing you to retrieve an earlier shopping cart. Please note that your web browser must be set to accept cookies before you can place an order at the Site.


COMPLIANCE WITH LAW AND FRAUD PROTECTION.


We expressly reserve the right to disclose your personal information and any other information to third parties if we believe, in good faith, that we are required to do so by applicable law, including, but not limited to, disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of claims of fraud, misappropriation or infringement of any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights, or any other conduct or activity that is illegal or that may subject you or Rome Tech., its agents, employees, affiliates or others to any potential legal liability or as otherwise required by law. We may also disclose personal information and any other information where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or as otherwise permitted by law. We reserve the right to disclose your personal information or any other information of a user who we believe is in violation of any policy or rule as posted on the Site, even without a subpoena, warrant, court order or other governmental request.


MINORS AND CHILDREN.


Persons who are at least 18 years of age are permitted to register for an Account as set forth in the Terms of Service (Eligibility). If the Site becomes aware that any Minor is submitting or has submitted personal information to the Site without parental consent, we will close the Account and delete any personal information within our control as soon as possible. In addition, for purposes of the Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), the Site makes the following statement: the Site is not directed to or intended for persons under the age of 13. If the Site becomes aware that any person submitting personal information is under the age of 13, we will close the Account and delete any personal information within our control as soon as possible.


CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS UNDER CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE 1798. 83.


If you are a resident of California (California Users), in addition to the rights set forth in this Privacy Policy, you generally have the right to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. The Site does not share any personal information with third-parties for their direct marketing purposes.


EU PRIVACY RIGHTS UNDER THE EU GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR) (EU REGULATION 2016/7. 9).


If you are a resident of the European Union, in addition to the rights set forth in this Privacy Policy, you generally have the following rights:


{number list}.


{list item} the right to access personal data held about you;


{list item} the right to object to processing (for example, direct marketing);


{list item} the right to data portability;


{list item} the right to complain about processing carried out by the data controller;


{list item} the right to object to automated decision making;


{list item} the right for the personal data being updated; and.


{list item} the right to be forgotten.


OUR DO NOT TRACK POLICY.


Some browsers have a do not track feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. At this time, the Site is not set up to respond to browser do not track signals.


CONTACT INFORMATION.


If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of the Site, or your dealings with the Site, please contact us at:


{removed hyperref}.


Murtoo Bracelets.


532 Old Marlton Pike W334.


Marlton NJ08053.


United States.


NO CONTRACTUAL RELATIONSHIP.


This Privacy Policy should not be construed as creating a contractual relationship.


CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.


We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it. We also may advise you via e-mail of changes to this Privacy Policy.


EFFECTIVE DATE.


The effective date of this Privacy policy is February 12, 2020.


Browse Category search.


