


Privacy Policy.


Privacy Policy.


PRIVACY POLICY.


Thank you for choosing Innotech!


Your privacy is important to Innotech. This policy explains the what, how and why we collect, use, manage, transfer, export, store, and delete your information, and what choices you have with respect to your information.


1. Why Innotech Collects Data?


You may be asked to provide your personal information anytime you are in contact with Innotech. You are not required to provide personal information that we have requested, but, if you chose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to any queries you may have. We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:


{number list}.


{list item} We use your information to deliver basic components of our services, like visualizing a chart of your weight readings.


{list item} We also use your information to ensure our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to make improvements to Innotechs services.


{list item} We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones.


{list item} We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including personalized content, and basic functionalities like tracking which language you speak.


{list item} We use data for analytics to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.


{list item} We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Innotech, well keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.


{list item} When you share your content with family and friends using Innotech Services, or send gift certificates and products, or invite others to interact with Innotech services, Innotech may collect the information you provide about those people such as name, mailing address, email address, and phone number. Innotech will use such information to fulfill your requests, or provide the relevant Services.


{list item} We use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, loss prevention, and technical issues that could harm Innotech, our users, or the public.


{list item} If you enter into a sweepstake, contest, or similar promotion we may use the information you provide to administer those programs.


{list item} We use information to bill and collect money owed to us for our products. This includes sending you emails, invoices, receipts, and alerting you if we need a different credit card number. We use third parties for secure credit card transaction processing, and those third parties process your orders and credit card payments.


2. Your Information.


{bullet list}.


{list item} Innotech may collect data and information in a variety of ways when you use the Services:


{bullet list}.


{list item} Account Information. Some information is required to create an account on our Services, such as your name, email address, password, date of birth, gender, height, weight. This is the only information you have to provide to create an account with us. You may also choose to provide other types of information, such as a profile photo. This information is treated as personally identifiable information.


{list item} User Data. Users routinely submit User Data to Innotech when using the Services. This information is treated as personally identifiable information.


{list item} Usage Information.


{number list}.


{list item} Services Metadata. When Users interact with the Services, metadata is generated that provides additional context about the way Users use our services. For example, Innotech logs the number of times you access your app and the time of the day. This type of information is only collected in anonymized or aggregated format, and is not personally identifiable.


{list item} Device information. Innotech collects information about devices accessing the Services, including type of device, what operating system is used, device settings, application IDs, unique device identifiers and crash data. Whether we collect some or all of this Other Information often depends on the type of device used and its settings. This type of information is only collected in anonymized or aggregated format, and is not personally identifiable.


{list item} Log data. As with most technology services and websites delivered over the Internet, our servers automatically collect information when you access or use our Websites or Services and record it in log files. This log data may include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, the address of the web page visited before using the Website or Services, browser type and settings, the date and time the Services were used, information about your devices and, language preferences and cookie data. This information is treated as personally identifiable information.


{list item} Location information. We receive information from you, and other third-parties that helps us approximate your location. Unless you provide consent specifically for a location-based service, this type of information is only collected in anonymized or aggregated format, and is not personally identifiable. We may, for example, use an IP address received from your browser or device to determine your approximate location. Innotech may also collect location information from devices in accordance with the consent process provided by your device.


{list item} Cookie Information. Innotech uses cookies and similar technologies in our Websites, mobile apps and Services that help us collect other information. This type of information is only collected in anonymized or aggregated format, and is not personally identifiable. The Websites, mobile apps and Services may also include cookies and similar tracking technologies of third parties, which may collect other Information about you via the Websites and Services and across other websites and online services.


Here are some examples of situations in which you transmit data to us:


{number list}.


{list item} When you visit and use our websites and services. We collect certain data when you use our website or when you take part in our events or reply to our questionnaires. Certain information is collected even if you do not have an Innotech account. This may happen when you view pages, take part in surveys, competitions or events, write a comment on our website, share a page on a social network, order a product, etc.


{list item} When you order a product on our website, we have to retain certain data relating to your order, such as your delivery and billing address, even if you choose the option allowing you to order without creating an account.


{list item} When you create or use an Innotech account. Creating an Innotech account allows you to use Innotechs services and applications. You will therefore need to provide us with certain data to identify yourself. Your Innotech account is the core component of our services. It allows you to access and control your Personal Data. Data are collected and used during account and/or user profile creation, when logging on to your account, ordering a product from your account and etc.


{list item} When you use our applications. Using our applications requires an account. Through applications, you can use Innotech products and services, interact with them and access all features/offered by Innotech. To that end, certain data are communicated to us when you download, install and use features of the application. This is the case when you share information, take measurements, respond to questionnaires or complete a field in the application, etc. It is also through the application that your data is communicated to us when you install and synchronize your Innotech product. Through the application you may activate certain optional features such as geolocation through your smartphone.


3. Sharing Your Information.


This section describes how Innotech may share and disclose Information. You determine your own practices for the sharing and disclosure of Information, and Innotech does not control how you or any other third parties choose to share or disclose Information.


{bullet list}.


{list item} Customers Instructions. Innotech will solely share and disclose user Personal Data in accordance with your instructions, including any applicable terms in the Terms and Conditions and Customers use of Services functionality, and in compliance with applicable law and legal process.


{list item} Third Party Service Providers and Partners. We may engage third party companies or individuals as service providers or business partners to process other information and support our business. These third parties may, for example, provide virtual computing and storage services.


{list item} Third Party Services. You may elect to share their data with Third Party Services. When enabled, Innotech may share other information with Third Party Services. Third Party Services are not owned or controlled by Innotech and third parties that have been granted access to other information may have their own policies and practices for its collection and use. Please check the privacy settings and notices in these Third Party Services or contact the provider for any questions.


{list item} Corporate Affiliates. Innotech may share other information with its corporate affiliates, parents and/or subsidiaries, please refer to the paragraph International Data Transfers below for more details.


{list item} During a Change to Innotechs Business. If Innotech engages in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, sale of some or all of Innotechs assets or stock, financing, public offering of securities, acquisition of all or a portion of our business, a similar transaction or proceeding, or steps in contemplation of such activities (e. g. due diligence), some or all other information may be shared or transferred, subject to standard confidentiality arrangements.


{list item} Aggregated or De-identified Data. We may disclose or use aggregated or de-identified other information for any purpose. For example, we may share aggregated or de-identified other information with prospects or partners for business or research purposes.


{list item} To Comply with Laws. If we receive a request for information, we may disclose Other Information if we reasonably believe disclosure is in accordance with or required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process.


{list item} To enforce our rights, prevent fraud, and for safety. To protect and defend the rights, property or safety of Innotech or third parties, including enforcing contracts or policies, or in connection with investigating and preventing fraud or security issues.


{list item} With Consent. Innotech may share other information with third parties, when we have consent to do so.


