


{removed href} Skip to content.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} PRIVACY POLICY.


LAST UPDATED: 6/12/2017.


Our privacy policy applies to information we collect when you use or access our website, application, or just interact with us. We may change this privacy policy from time to time. We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you access our services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.


COLLECTION OF INFORMATION.


We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you participate in any interactive features of our services, fill out a form, request customer support, provide any contact or identifying information or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, postal address, and other contact or identifying information you choose to provide.


INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY WHEN YOU USE THE SERVICES.


When you access or use our services, we automatically collect information about you, including:


[EDIT THE LIST BELOW BASED ON YOUR APPLICATION AND COMPANY PRACTICES.].


{number list}.


{list item} LOG INFORMATION: We log information about your use of our services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our services.


{list item} DEVICE INFORMATION: We collect information about the computer you use to access our services, including the hardware model, and operating system and version.


{list item} LOCATION INFORMATION: We may collect information about the location of your device each time you access or use one of our mobile applications or otherwise consent to the collection of this information.


{list item} INFORMATION COLLECTED BY COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES: We use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in your device memory that helps us to improve our services and your experience, see which areas and features of our services are popular and count visits. We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as tracking pixels). Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our services or emails and to track count visits or understand usage and campaign effectiveness.


For more details about how we collect information, including details about cookies and how to disable them, please see Your Information Choices below.


INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM OTHER SOURCES.


In order to provide you with better service in general, we may combine information obtained from other sources (for example, a third-party service whose application you have authorized or used to sign in) and combine that with information we collect through our services.


USE OF INFORMATION.


We use information about you for various purposes, including to:


{number list}.


{list item} We do not sell any information we collect to third parties.


{list item} Provide, maintain and improve our services;


{list item} Provide services you request, and to send you related information;


{list item} Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;


{list item} Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;


{list item} Communicate with you about news and information related to our service;


{list item} Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our services; and.


{list item} Personalize and improve our services.


By accessing and using our services, you consent to the processing and transfer of your information in and to the United States and other countries.


SHARING OF INFORMATION.


We may share personal information about you as follows:


{number list}.


{list item} If we believe disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request;


{list item} To enforce applicable user agreements or policies, including our Terms of Service, to protect us, our users or the public from harm or illegal activities;


{list item} If we notify you through our services (or in our privacy policy) that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information.


We may also share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you.


THIRD PARTY ANALYTICS.


We may allow third parties to provide analytics services. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the services and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by us and third parties to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and other websites and better understand your online activity. Our privacy policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third party cookies, web beacons or other tracking technologies and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of these third parties to learn more about their privacy practices.


SECURITY.


We take reasonable measures to help protect personal information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.


YOUR INFORMATION CHOICES.


Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies.


PROMOTIONAL COMMUNICATIONS.


You may opt out of receiving any promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.


YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.


California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please contact us at {removed hyperref}. However, please note that under the law, Services such as ours that permit California residents to opt in to, or opt out of, this type of sharing are not required to provide such information upon receiving a request, but rather may respond by notifying the user of his or her right to prevent the disclosure.


CONTACT US.


If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at: {removed hyperref}.


Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device {removed href} top.


