


{removed href} Skip to content.


Privacy Policy.


TERMS OF USE PRIVACY POLICY.


At Royal Appliance Mfg. Co. d/b/a TTI Floor Care North America (Oreck), we respect the privacy of your information. We provide this explanation about our online information practices as a show of our commitment to protect your privacy.


THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT.


Oreck is the owner (or licensee, as applicable) of the information we collect on this site. We will not sell, share or rent this information to others in any way except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. At the time you make a purchase request on {removed hyperref}, we collect and store your name, address, credit card numbers and other personally-identifying information. We need this information to provide and to authorize our retail partners and service providers to provide goods and services that you request and to let you know of additional goods and services in which you might be interested. We also use this information to customize your experience using our Website.


We may ask you for personally identifying information at other times, such as if you enter into a promotion, communicate with us, or complete a survey. If you opt-in to receive information regarding a promotion, you give us your permission to share your name and e-mail address with the third parties involved in offering and administering the promotion.


In addition, we automatically gather general non-personal, statistical information about our Website and visitors, such as IP addresses, browsers, pages viewed, number of visitors, goods and services purchased, etc., but in doing so we do not reference you by individual name, e-mail address, home address, or telephone number. We use this data in the aggregate, for example, to determine how much our customers use parts of our site so we can improve our site. We may provide this statistical information to third parties, but when we do so we do not provide personally-identifying information without your permission. We may also match user information we collect with offline data available from other sources in order to carry out our services and conduct target advertising and promotions more effectively.


CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT OF 2018 (THE CCPA).


This PRIVACY NOTICE supplements our privacy policy with regard to visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California and with regard to personal information collected or disclosed within the State of California. We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the CCPA) and other applicable California privacy laws. Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.


This notice provides California residents with notice of our practices and notice of their specific rights regarding their personal information. This notice also describes such individuals rights and how to exercise those rights. To find out more information please visit our CCPA Privacy Policy {removed href} here.


ORECK MOBILE ALERTS TERMS CONDITIONS.


For all alerts, 1 msg/query, Message Data rates may apply. Available on participating carriers only. Oreck works with the following carriers: ATT, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Nextel, Boost, Alltel, U. S. Cellular, Cellular South, Cricket, Virgin Mobile, n Telos, and Cincinnati Bell. For help, text HELP to 72105 any time. To stop receiving alerts, text STOP to 72105 any time. For questions call 800-944-9200, menu option 3 for Tech Support.


Oreck Product Registration messages are sent at your request only (on demand). You expressly understand and agree that your use of the mobile alerts service provided by Oreck is solely at your own risk. The service is provided as is and as available. Oreck accepts no responsibility and shall not be liable for any consequences that are alleged to have occurred through your use, or misuse, of the service. Oreck is not liable for any damage to your computer system or mobile phone that results from the use of the service.


MEDIA AND INFLUENCERS.


Oreck obtains contact details and other personal information regarding media contact and influencers from a variety of sources including Cision. If you wish to know more about how such information is collected and use, please refer to Cisions privacy notice at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


COOKIES, LOG FILES, AND OTHER INFORMATION COLLECTION.


{removed hyperref} uses cookies to improve the performance of our advertising on other websites. We also use cookies as a service to our users by saving the contents of your shopping cart. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a users hard drive. Many online services and mobile applications use cookies, as well as other technologies, including but not limited to web beacons, web storage, and unique advertising identifiers in order to collect information about your activity, browser, and device. Oreck may also utilize these technologies to collect information when you use the services offered through our partners. Cookies and other similar technology can only record about you what you have already chosen to tell us and cannot retrieve or transmit information you do not authorize. Please be aware that cookies are required to add items to your shopping cart and then proceed through the checkout process. You are usually able to disable cookies through your internet browser options; however, by doing so you will limit the functionality we can provide to you during your visit at {removed hyperref}.


In addition, we use IP addresses to analyze trends and combine information collected by our affiliates or other third parties with information collected on {removed hyperref}. We may also let other companies use tracking technologies, such as cookies and web beacons, and other similar technologies on {removed hyperref}. These companies may collect information regarding your use of {removed hyperref} and other websites, as well as other online services in order to, for example, analyze trends, track data, understand your online activity, ascertain content popularity, and deliver targeted advertisements for Oreck and other {removed hyperref} you engage with our brand, use SMS communications, chat features, applications, plug-ins, integrations or applications, these platforms may ask your permission to share certain information with us. The information shared with us is subject to each social media platforms privacy policy. You can control the information that we receive by changing your privacy settings offered by the relevant social media platform.


THIRD PARTY PRACTICES.


{removed hyperref} may contain links to third party sites or host other advertising or promotional services. The privacy policy of an advertiser, promotional service, or other third party appearing at our site may differ from ours, and Oreck is not responsible for any third party privacy practices and has no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the organizations treat your personal information. These terms of use and privacy policy apply only to information collected by Oreck.


PHONE.


Any personal information we ask for is used for limited and specific purposes. We ask you for your phone number during the checkout process so we will be able to contact you if we have trouble processing an order or for delivery purposes.


THE WAY WE USE INFORMATION.


We do not sell or rent personally-identifying information collected during your use of our Website without your permission.


We use non-personally-identifying information we collect at our site to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and product offerings and to customize our sites content, layout, and services.


We may use your information to deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests, such as targeted banners, new services and promotions. We may ask you to provide us voluntarily with additional information regarding your personal or business interests, experience or requests, which we may use to customize our service for you.


We use your e-mail address, your mailing address, and phone number to contact you regarding administrative notices, new product offerings and communications relevant to your use of the site. We will not send you promotions or announcements unless you give us permission to do so. You can opt out of receiving such contact by either clicking the unsubscribe link in one of our emails or contacting our customer service department at our {removed href} Contact Us page.


If you place a request for products or services, we use your personal information to ship your order; if the products or services are from a retail partner, we may provide your relevant information to that retailer for purposes of the transaction. If you establish a credit account with us or our providers, we collect additional information, including billing information, credit card number and expiration date, tracking information from checks or money orders, and other relevant information.


We may disclose or access information whenever we believe in good faith that the law so requires or if we otherwise consider it necessary to do so to maintain service and/or improve our products and services.


During the normal course of doing business, we will continue to share your information among our business units, our affiliates and unaffiliated third parties as necessary. If you obtain goods or services provided by one of our retail partners or service providers, we may exchange with the vendor personally-identified information about you for purposes of your transaction.


At times, we need to share the e-mail addresses of those who have unsubscribed from our email list with our partners (list brokers, affiliates and broadcast email vendors) for the purpose of making sure that they too remove those email addresses from their lists. At times, we do share physical mailing addresses with reputable, trusted catalog vendors who offer quality products we think might be of interest to you. If you do not want us to share your physical mailing address with other companies, please let us know by contacting us at our {removed href} Contact Us page, and include your name and physical mailing address.


SECURITY.


We employ reasonable security methods to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure correct use of information. When you place an order at {removed hyperref}, our secure sockets layer (SSL) encrypts all the information you input before it is sent to us, including your name, address, phone number and credit card number. All of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access. No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be perfectly secure. As a result, while we try to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.


PROMOTIONS AND PRODUCT AVAILABILITY.


All promotions offered on {removed hyperref} apply to purchases shipped within the United States unless otherwise noted. Oreck offers services and products in many parts of the world. {removed hyperref} may refer to certain services or products which are not available worldwide without specifically limiting the offers as such. Such reference does not imply that Oreck intends to offer such service or products in all countries.


CONSUMER REVIEWS.


We like to know how we are doing, and we invite you to submit a review of your purchase and your experience on {removed hyperref}. You alone are responsible for the content of your message, including its reliability, originality, and shall be responsible to ensure that it does not violate the copyrights and other intellectual property rights of another party. By submitting a review, you grant Oreck a non-exclusive license to use such review for any and all purposes, in Orecks sole discretion. Unsolicited Product Ideas Oreck does not solicit (and our product teams will not review) ideas for new products from third parties for our business (including product and advertising ideas) and will not incur any liability as a result of any between an unsolicited product idea and an Oreck product or advertisement. By submitting a product idea, you waive any right to compensation of any type for the idea. Also, please know that you are responsible for the material that you submit, and that you, not Oreck, have full responsibility for the message including its reliability, originality and copyright. By submitting a product idea, you agree to waive any and all rights to materials and ideas submitted to us, and your submission will become the exclusive property of Oreck. This provision does not apply to the content of a consumer review with respect to Orecks intellectual property rights in such consumer review.


SOCIAL NETWORK: FACEBOOK, TWITTER, AND YOUTUBE.


The Oreck social media pages are run and maintained by individuals from Oreck and select marketing agencies. The views, opinions, depicted results, and experiences expressed in user-submitted comments are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of the makers of Oreck products. Additionally, such comments may not be representative or typical of the product under actual conditions of use as directed by Oreck. User comments are not edited for accuracy or safety.


LIMITED WARRANTY POLICY STATEMENT.


Products: Limited warranties vary by product. Please see individual product page for further details.


Warranties only apply to products purchased within the United States (including its territories and possessions), a U. S. Military Exchange, or Canada, so long as original proof of purchase is presented. This warranty does not cover products purchased from a party that is not an authorized retailer, dealer, or distributor of Oreck products.


DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY.


THE MATERIALS AND INFORMATION ON THIS WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED AS IS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT ANY LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY FOR INFORMATION, SERVICES OR PRODUCTS PROVIDED THROUGH OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE AND ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, EXPECTATION OF PRIVACY OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.


This disclaimer of liability also applies to any damages or injury caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operations or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction, or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of record, whether for breach of contract, tortious behavior, negligence or any other cause of action.


You specifically acknowledge that Oreck is not liable for the defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of third parties.


Oreck may make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or programs described on {removed hyperref} at any time without notice.


All promotions offered on {removed hyperref} apply to purchases shipped within the United States unless otherwise noted. Oreck offers services and products in many parts of the world. {removed hyperref} may refer to certain services or products which are not available worldwide without specifically limiting the offers as such. Such reference does not imply that Oreck intends to offer such service or products in all countries.


HOW YOU CAN UPDATE, CORRECT OR DELETE YOUR INFORMATION.


By using our {removed hyperref}, you consent to this privacy policy terms of use, and to the collection and use of this information in the manner we describe. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this website.


CHILDREN UNDER 13.


We have no way of distinguishing the age of individuals who access our Website, and so we carry out the same Privacy Policy for individuals of all ages. If a child has provided us with personally-identifying information without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact us to remove the information and opt out of promotional opportunities.


CHANGES TO OUR POLICY.


This terms of use and privacy policy was last updated on 12/17/2020. Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be communicated through {removed hyperref}. If there are ever changes to our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, and how we use it. Information collected before changes are made will be secured according to the previous Privacy Policy.


YOUR ACCEPTANCE.


When you use our website, you acknowledge your acceptance of our terms of use and privacy policy. If you do not agree with these policies, please do not use our website. This terms of use and privacy policy is subject to change without notice.


{removed href}.


Cookie Settings.


When you visit our website, we store cookies on your browser to collect information. The information collected might relate to you, your preferences or your device, and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to and to provide a more personalized web experience. However, you can choose not to allow certain types of cookies, which may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings according to your preference. You cannot opt-out of our First Party Strictly Necessary Cookies as they are deployed in order to ensure the proper functioning of our website (such as prompting the cookie banner and remembering your settings, to log into your account, to redirect you when you log out, etc.). For more information about the First and Third Party Cookies used please follow this link. {removed href} More information Allow All.


Manage Cookie Preferences.


Always Active.


These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in, or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but this will prevent some parts of the site from functioning properly. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.


Targeting Cookies.


These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but they are based on uniquely identifying the users browser and internet device. Deactivating these cookies will limit an advertisers ability to present users with more relevant ads on other sites.


Social Media Cookies.


These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have on our site. These cookies enable visitors to share content from our site with friends and networks. These cookies are capable of tracking a users browser across other sites and building a profile of the users interests. The information collected by these cookies may impact the content and messages a user sees on other websites they visit. Deactivating these cookies may restrict a users ability to see or use these tools for sharing content.


Performance Cookies.


These cookies allow us to count visits and sources, which ultimately helps us improve the performance of our site. They help us understand which pages are more popular with our visitors, and how our visitors interact with the site. All information collected by these cookies is aggregated and anonymous. Deactivating these cookies prevents us from understanding how frequently users visit our site, and hinders our ability to monitor the sites performance.


Confirm My Choices.


{number list}.


{list item}.


{number list}.


{list item} Namecookie nameHostcookie hostDurationcookie durationTypecookie typeCategorycookie categoryDescriptioncookie category.


{list item}.


Consent Purposes.


Location Based Ads.


Consent Allowed.


Legitimate Interest Purposes.


Personalize.


{removed href} Require Opt-Out.


Features.


Location Based Ads.


Confirm My Choices.


