


Share.


Please read the following PRIVACY POLICY carefully. When you use this website, you acknowlege that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the policies set forth herien.


The Policy was last updated on October7, 2014.


ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY.


Planet Audio and its subsidiary companies respect the privacy rights of our online visitors and recognize the importance of protecting the information collected from you. We have adopted a corporate wide Online Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy) that guides how we collect, store, and use the information you provide online. Please note that this policy applies only to this websites, and not to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link.


INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE.


Our primary goals in collecting personally identifiable information are to provide you with the product and services made available through our website, including, but not limited to, our services, to communicate with you, and to manage your registered user account, if you have one.


INFORMATION COLLECTED UPON REGISTRATION.


Our primary goals in collecting personally identifiable information are to provide you with the product and services made available through our website, including, but not limited to, our services, to communicate with you, and to manage your registered user account, if you have one.


USE OF CONTACT INFORMATION.


Our primary goals in collecting personally identifiable information are to provide you with the product and services made available through our website, including, but not limited to, our services, to communicate with you, and to manage your registered user account, if you have one.


LOG DATA.


When you visit the Site, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website as Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type or the domain from which you are visiting, the websites you visit, the search terms you use, and any advertisements on which you click. For most users accessing the Internet from an Internet service provider the IP address will be different every time you log on. We use Log Data to monitor the use of the Site and of our Service, and for the Sites technical administration. We do not associate your IP address with any other personally identifiable information to identify you personally, except in case of violation of the Terms of Service.


COOKIES.


We use cookies and other technologies to passively collect demographic information, personalize your experience on our site and monitor advertisements and other activities. Cookies are small files downloaded to your computer to track movements within websites. We may link cookie information to personal information. Cookies link to information regarding what items you have selected for purchase at our store or pages you have viewed. This information is used to keep track of your shopping cart and make sure you dont see the same ad repeatedly. Also, we use cookies to deliver content specific to your interest and to monitor website usage. Our site may use an outside ad Planet Audio. to display ads. These ads may contain cookies. Our ad companie collect cookies received with banner ads, and Planet Audio does not have access to this information. Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies whenever you visit a website. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. However some areas of our sites will not function properly if you do so. Please note that this Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Planet Audio only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.


OTHER TECHNOLOGIES.


Other technologies used include clear GIFs and IP address logging. Clear GIFs also known as web bugs, beacons, or tags, are small graphic images placed on a web page, web-based document, or in an e-mail message. Clear GIFs are invisible to the user because they are typically very small (only 1-by-1 pixel) and the same color as the background of the web page, document or e-mail message. We do not use clear GIFs to collect personal information about you. However, we may use clear GIFs to capture statistical usage information for our web pages, features, or other elements on a web page. We may correlate this information to a user to personalize user experience and for statistical analysis of user experiences on our web pages.


{removed hyperref} is committed to providing a website that is accessible to the widest possible audience, regardless of technology or ability. We are actively working to increase the accessibility and usability of our website and in doing so adhere to many of the available standards and guidelines.


Original text.


Contribute a better translation.


