


As owner of a website that collects personal information, we commit to respect and protect the privacy and confidentiality of the personal information collected.


Access to information is limited to Market Maker Brand Licensing company and its affiliates, and to their respective employees. The collected information are essential to the processing of your request.


Objection and withdrawal rights.


In accordance with French Act n78-17 of January 6th 1978 on Information Technology, Data Files and Civil Liberties, you have a right to review the information to ensure accuracy and to request corrections if needed by updating the personal information contained in your personal account, by mail at MMBL, 79-81 ancienne RN7, 69570 Dardilly, FRANCE or via our contact page.


We commit to provide you the rights of objection and withdrawal regarding your personal information.


The right to object means the possibility given to Internet users to refuse that personal information be used to certain ends mentioned during the collection of this information. This right also guarantees the possibility to require the deletion of their personal information from, for example, emailing lists.


Access right.


We commit to provide access and rectification rights to those concerned who wish to access, modify or delete their information.


Such a right shall be exercised by sending your request to MMBL 79-81 ancienne RN7, Dardilly 69570 Dardilly.


Security.


The information collected are stored in a secure environment. Our employees are required to respect the confidentiality of such information.


We commit to maintain a high level of confidentiality while updating our website with the latest technological innovations in order to secure your transactions.


However, as no mechanism provides maximum security, some degree of risk is associated with the use of the Internet when transmitting personal information.


Legal notice.


We commit to respect legislative provisions as specified under French Law No. 78-17 of January 6, 1978, amended in 2004, on information technology, data files and civil liberties.


