


{removed href} Skip to content.


Pro Breeze (One Retail Group Limited) Privacy Policy.


This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from {removed hyperref} (the Site).


Data: collectively all information that you submit to Pro Breeze via the Website. This definition incorporates, where applicable, the definitions provided in the Data Protection Act 1998;


Cookies: a small text file placed on your computer by this Website when you visit certain parts of the Website and/or when you use certain features of the Website. Details of the cookies used by this Website are set out in the clause below (Cookies);


Pro Breeze, or us: Pro Breeze the brand and domain are owned and operated by One Retail Group Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 8663592 whose registered office is at 5 Technology Park, Colindeep Ln, London NW9 6BX; UK and EU Cookie Law: the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 as amended by the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011.


The Controller of Your Personal Information.


For the purposes of data protection laws and this privacy notice, whichever part of One Retail Group Limited is processing your personal information is the controller of your personal information for that processing of your personal information. This will usually be the part of One Retail Group Limited that you interact with or have a relationship with. Being a controller of your personal information means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use your personal information.


Our main trading entity is One Retail Group Limited, a company registered in England and Wales under number 8663592 whose registered office is at 5 Technology Park, Colindeep Lane, London NW9 6BX. One Retail Group limited will be the controller of your data regardless of where you are based and regardless of which of our websites you interact with, any queries you have regarding your personal information will be dealt with by One Retail Group Limited. We can be contacted directly by emailing {removed hyperref}.


Personal Information We Collect.


When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as Device Information.


We collect Device Information using the following technologies:


{number list}.


{list item} Cookies are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit {removed hyperref}.


{list item} Log files track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.


{list item} Web beacons, tags, and pixels are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.


Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information, email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as Order Information.


When we talk about Personal Information in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.


How Do We Use Your Personal Information.


We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:


{number list}.


{list item} Communicate with you;


{list item} Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and.


{list item} When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.


{list item} We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).


Sharing Your Personal Information.


We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use WooCommerce to power our online store. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Siteyou can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: {removed hyperref}/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: {removed hyperref}.


Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.


As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiatives (NAI) educational page at {removed hyperref}.


You can opt out of targeted advertising by using the following links:


{number list}.


{list item} FACEBOOK {removed hyperref}/? tabads.


{list item} GOOGLE {removed hyperref}.


{list item} BING {removed hyperref}.


Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliances opt-out portal at: {removed hyperref}/.


Do Not Track.


Please note that we do not alter our Sites data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.


EU Regulations.


If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us by emailing {removed hyperref}.


Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.


Data Retention.


When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.


To request a removal of your data please contact {removed hyperref}.


Changes.


We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.


Contact Us.


For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at {removed hyperref} or by mail using the details provided below:


Pro Breeze, Ryland House, 24a Ryland Road, London, NW5 3EH, United Kingdom.


Cookie Policy. Our website uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you agree to our use of cookies. {removed href} Find out more.


