


{removed href} Skip to content.


OVERVIEW.


This e-commerce website is operated by Pure Enrichment, a division of Bear Down Brands, LLC. Throughout the site, the terms we, us and our refer to Pure Enrichment. Any person accessing or using the website and any associated webpages, including, without limitation, {removed hyperref} (collectively, the Websites) is referred to as you. This Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy or Policy) is an agreement between us and our Website and you, as the user of the Pure Enrichment Website (you). This agreement tells you when this Policy is effective, what information we collect from you, how we might use it, how you can review or change the Personal Information you provided to us, how we may change this Policy, and the steps we take to ensure that your Personal Information is protected.


Were committed to protecting your right to privacy. This Privacy Policy describes how we manage the personal information we collect while doing business. This Privacy Policy covers only information that is collected through the {removed hyperref} web site. This Privacy Policy does not cover information that may be collected through other web sites accessible through our Site.


This policy applies to information we collect through any medium, including, but not limited to, information:


{number list}.


{list item} On this Site.


{list item} In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and the Site.


{list item} Through mobile and desktop applications you download from this Site, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this Site.


{list item} When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.


YOUR IP ADDRESS.


Like most e-commerce websites, each time you visit the Site, we automatically collect your IP address and the web page from which you came. In order to administer and optimize the Site for you and to diagnose problems with our Site, we use your IP address to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you.


COOKIES.


Like most websites, the Site uses cookies to keep track of your purchases and other activity on the Site and enhance your experience on the Site. We also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your password, and if you choose, to save other personal information so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site. Third parties advertisers on the Site may also place cookies on your browser. If you wish to disable these cookies, the help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how. However, if you set your browser to disable cookies, you may not be able to access certain areas or features of the Site.


We do not collect information passively through cookies or other tracking mechanisms except in the circumstances described above. Cookies DONT contain any personal information about a specific user. We dont use cookies or other non-consensual methods to take personally identifiable or online contact information about you or your family off of your computer. Cookies are also not used to collect information specifically about you or your family for sharing with third parties.


INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU.


In order to operate the Site and provide you with information on products and services that may be of interest to you, we may collect profile information (i. e. information that could be used to contact you such as full name, postal address, phone number and email address), demographic information (e. g. age, zip code, hometown, gender, household income, purchase history information and age), public information (e. g. member fan mail, articles and a user name) from you. Please note that nowhere on the Site do we knowingly collect profile information from children under the age of 18.


INFORMATION OTHER WEBSITES COLLECT FROM YOU.


On the Site, we may place links to other web sites operated by other parties. When you click on these links and visit these other web sites, you need to be aware that we do not control these other web sites or these other web sites business practices, and that this privacy policy does not apply to these other web sites. Consequently, the operators of these other web sites may collect different kinds of information about you, and may use and disclose that information in different ways than we would if it were collected on the Site. We encourage you to review their privacy policies and remind you that we will not be responsible for their actions.


HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We do not require anyone to share any personal information about themselves in order to enjoy our web site. That means you can visit our site without any need to register with us. However, our sites contain special sections and privileges for members that register (such as but not limited to sweepstakes, newsletter, special offers, etc.). The personal information we ask for is usually first and last name, mailing address, age, phone number and an email address.


When you make a purchase, we may send you emails to confirm your order and may also need to contact you via phone, postal mail or email if we have other questions regarding your order.


By purchasing online, you may be automatically added to our catalog mailing list. You may also receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. You may also request to be added to our mailing list online by requesting a catalog.


From time to time we make portions of our customer mailing lists, which include name and street address, available to carefully screened companies. This may include your name and postal address, but never your email address.


If we believe that anyones behavior on our site may damage us or anyone else, we may disclose the relevant personal information in order to prevent this harm. In that case, we might try to identify the wrongdoer, contact them or bring legal action against them. We may also disclose personal information if we believe that the disclosure is required by law, or in response to a legal request.


RIGHT TO OPT IN AND OPT OUT.


You have the right to opt in and opt out of certain of our uses of your Personal Information, including by contacting us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} or by submitting a request in writing to Pure Enrichment located at 14505 Astronautics Ln., Huntington Beach, California. Please note that such requests may take up to 8 to 12 weeks to become effective. Upon receipt of the request, we will put your name in a do not mail file to ensure that we can honor your request.


To keep you informed about our latest offers, we may notify you of current promotions, specials and new additions. You may unsubscribe from our newsletters by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email you receive from us.


When entering any of our contests or prize drawings, you provide your name, email address and mailing address. If you win, we will send the prize to the address entered and notify you by email. When you enter a contest or drawing you are also included in our newsletter list to receive notice of promotions, specials and new additions. You may unsubscribe from this news list by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email received.


Users may opt not to receive our electronic newsletters or those of third parties when providing Personal Information. Users who opt in may remove themselves from mailing lists at any time through the account-management pages or by following the instructions at the end of the e-mail they received from us. If you opt not to provide certain Personal Information when registering for or using our Site, however, you may not be able to use some of our services such as message boards.


HOW YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE USED BY THIRD PARTIES.


With your permission, we may provide your information to outside companies that offer products or services that may be of interest. Should you wish to change this preference, send an email to {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


By electing to receive communications (such as emails or newsletters), or electing to participate in contests, sweepstakes, or other programs, offered by third parties on the Site, you consent to our providing your profile information to those third parties. Third parties may use your personal information in accordance with our contractual arrangements with such third parties and in accordance with their own privacy policies, over which we have no control, and you agree that we are not responsible or liable for any of their actions or omissions.


You will need to contact those third parties to instruct them directly regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information by them. Additionally, you agree that we will have the right to use and disclose all such information you submit in the same manner in which we use and disclose all other information you submit. Your profile information may be passed on to a third party in the event of a transfer of ownership or assets, or a bankruptcy.


In special circumstances, we may give other companies access to our information database, but only if necessary to allow them to provide database or server maintenance or security, help us process and fulfill orders or requests, or provide other similar services to Pure Enrichment. If we do provide access, we require those other companies to sign confidentiality agreements promising to keep secret any information they see.


Pure Enrichment uses Klaviyo, Zendesk and Shopify to manage customer information. You may view their privacy policies here:


{removed href} Klaviyo Privacy Policy.


{removed href} Zendesk Privacy Policy.


{removed href} Shopify Privacy Policy.


COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITY.


Pure Enrichment is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to safeguard the information Pure Enrichment collects via {removed hyperref}. We do not, however, guarantee that information collected via {removed hyperref} is or will be completely secure from misappropriation by hackers or from other dishonest or criminal activities, or in the event of a failure of computer hardware, software, or a telecommunications network. If at some point you have a user name and password for any of the features on {removed hyperref}, you have the responsibility of keeping your password secret. You should not reveal your password to anyone, and we will not ask you in an unsolicited telephone call or email for your password. In addition, you should take reasonable precautions when using a computer, mobile phone or any other device to transmit data or information.


CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.


We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our services and customer feedback. When we post changes, we will revise the last updated date at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of how Pure Enrichment is protecting your information.


CONSENT.


By using {removed hyperref} and providing personal information, you consent to (a) our collection, use and sharing of information as described in this Privacy Policy, (b) the notice, choice, access and security we are providing, (c) the Pure Enrichment Terms of Service, and (d) the methods we have described to notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy.


You have the right to withdraw consent at any time. If you choose to withdraw consent, your information will be permanently deleted from our active website and email programs.


CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE.


California law will govern this Privacy Policy, as well as any claim, cause of action or dispute that might arise between you and Pure Enrichment (a Claim), without regard to conflict of law provisions. Venue for any, and all, legal action arising out of the policy covered herein shall be solely in Orange County, State of California. FOR ANY CLAIM BROUGHT BY EITHER PARTY, YOU AGREE TO SUBMIT AND CONSENT TO THE PERSONAL AND EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION IN, AND THE EXCLUSIVE VENUE OF, THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED WITHIN ORANGE COUNTY, CALIFORNIA.


CONTACT INFORMATION.


For general questions, feel free to contact our Customer Service Team, and we will get back to you within 2 business days.


{number list}.


{list item} Phone: (657) 275 3737 (Available Monday-Friday, 8am-5pm PST).


{list item} Email: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{list item} {removed href} Contact Us Form.


Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device.


