


{removed href} {removed href} Skip to content Through health equipment, a smartphone, and cloud intelligence, RENPHO can provide you with unique health services. You can use the relevant features without having to register anywhere. But if you create a RENPHO account and share your information with us, we can provide you with better service. We would have greater insight on the overall health of you and your family, making more targeted recommendations, guidelines, and health reminders. The owner of this application, JOICOM CORPORATION (hereinafter referred to as RENPHO), is committed to protecting your online privacy. Please read the following statement to find out how your personal information will be treated when you are logged in, registered, and as a user on this App. This privacy statement may change from time to time. Please check it regularly.


WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT:


In order to render our services, we may collect any information you directly provide to us.


This includes, but not limited to:


(1) The information provided when you create or use your account or profile, such as your name, gender, telephone, date of birth, email address, personal description, and photograph.


(2) The information about your orders from us, such as your name, consignee, shipping and billing addresses, phone numbers, and payment information.


(3) If you communicate with us, we may collect information, such as your name, email address, telephone number, the content of posted reviews, complaints, and/or advice.


(4) Any information you share with us, including any messages sent to us.


USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION:


We collect information in order to provide a better service to all users. The information collected is used to provide, maintain, protect and improve our services, and we use this information to provide you with customized content, such as the recommendation of health information best suited for you. Personal information will be used for the following purposes:


(1) To complete your requirements for a particular service or product.


(2) To provide you with specific services, products or information of RENPHO or third parties (such as RENPHOs partners) through various means (including but not limited to e-mail and SMS).


(3) For the use of user data (such as the number of users, composition, interests, performance, etc.), so that we provide users with better services and products, or to a third party for a legitimate purpose to disclose such statistics. This class of statistics is the user group as a whole, rather than personal information.


HOW WE COLLECT DATA:


The information we collect is divided into three categories:


(1) The information you provided to us when you register a RENPHO account (the member information you submit, such as member nickname, birthday, height, weight, etc. belong to such data). The main purpose of collecting such data is to enable the system to find health information that is more relevant to you and your familys specific situation and to analyze your health tendencies for you and your family, giving you more fulfilling user experience. We will always ensure that the required information is kept as minimal as possible.


(2) We also get information when you use the service. We collect information about the services you use and how you use them, including devices, time, location, IP addresses, unique anonymous identifiers, and so on. The purpose of collecting such information is to allow us to better understand the trends of the entire user group such as regional distribution, the time of use, etc. It allows us to have better insight to optimize the system and provide users with a better overall experience.


(3) For subject to the GDPR (European Unions General Data Protection Regulation), we ask for your explicit consent to process the health data or another special category of personal data. We obtain this consent separately when you take actions leading to our obtaining the data such as when you pair your device to your account and sync with other fitness apps. You can use your account settings and other tools to withdraw your consent at any time, for example, stopping the use of a feature, removing the access to a third-party service, or deleting your data and your account.


SHARING AND DISCLOSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION:


We do not sell any personal information to third parties. We may process personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We may disclose this information to our customer service team, legal team, finance team, and our sales and marketing teams. Besides that, we may also share your personal information within our business as described below to perform our services.


Affiliates: Your information may be shared among RENPHO affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. The term affiliates refers to companies related to JOICOM CORPORATION by common ownership or control.


Third-Party Service Providers: Certain services of this application are provided or co-provided by a partner (such as a company providing a technical service, a shipping company, a mailing company, etc.). In order to provide you with such services, it is necessary for this application to share your personal information with the partner. If you do not want your information to be shared, you may not use the specific service to refuse to disclose your personal information. Third-party apps may include Fitbit, Apple Health, and others. All or part of the personal information collected may be shared with the third party. If you do not want your information to be shared, you can reject it by not syncing the data to third-party apps. In certain situations, the third party may sell items or provide services to you through our services (either alone or jointly with us). Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but may not use it for other purposes. We will disclose your personal information to that third party only to the extent that it is related to such transactions or services, and to the extent that you have explicitly accepted incremental terms with the third party whereby you acknowledge and authorize us to share your personal information.


Promotion: Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of RENPHO customers on behalf of other businesses. When we do this, we do not give that business your name or address.


In accordance with the law: We may release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the laws and regulations and the mandatory requirements of the government or we must provide your personal information to the relevant judicial or government departments in order to prevent the legitimate rights and interests of others or social and public interests to be seriously endangered and in order to prevent your legitimate rights and interests to be subject to significant harm.


Terms of Service violations: We may release account and other personal information if we have found that your conduct violates the Terms of Service of this service or any use guidelines regarding a particular service or product or constitutes a material hazard to the legitimate rights and interests of RENPHO.


Protection of RENPHO and Others: We may release account and other personal information if we deem it necessary to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or when its necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of RENPHO, our users, or others. However, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Policy.


With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.


None of your personal information that does not fit the above categories will be provided to an unrelated third party without your consent.


THIRD-PARTY LINKS AND DEVICES ON OUR SERVICES:


Our Privacy Policy does not apply to products and services offered by third parties. Our products and services may include third-party products, services, and links to third-party websites. When you use such products or services, they may collect your information. For this reason, we strongly suggest that you read the third partys Privacy Policy, just as you have taken the time to read ours. We are not responsible for, and cannot control, how third parties use personal information which they collect from you. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to other sites linked from our services.


USER RIGHTS:


You have the right to request details about the information we process about you and to request us to correct or delete your information; the right to object to, or request the restriction of, processing; and the right to request access to, to request the erasure of, or to know the portability of your information. In some cases, you may edit, modify, or remove some personal information you have provided to us directly through our mobile applications. When you change your information, however, we may maintain a copy of the original information in our records for some time.


Under the laws of some regions and countries, we have the power to refuse your requests that are unreasonable or for which access is not required by local law.


If you request us to delete your personal information, you acknowledge that you may not be able to access or use our services and that some information may continue to reside in our records for some time in compliance with applicable law, but we will not process that information for commercial purposes. Further, the deletion of your account will cause you to be unable to log on and use any of the services on the App in the future. You understand that, despite your request for deletion, we reserve the right to keep your personal information, or a relevant part of it, according to applicable laws.


If you would like to make a request to access your information, or for more detail about processing, please contact us by email at: {removed hyperref}.


INFORMATION SECURITY:


Your account information and files are protected by a password, and only you are personally entitled to that information. We recommend that you do not disclose your password to anyone else. We will not take the initiative to call or take the initiative to e-mail to you to ask your password. Any suspicious data transmission over the Internet or wireless network cannot be absolutely guaranteed against. So, while we are doing our best to protect your personal information, we cannot confirm or guarantee the security of the information you transmit to us or the information of our online products or services. You are responsible for the above actions. Once we receive the information you have transmitted, we will do our best to ensure that it is safe in our system.


DISCLAIMER:


We are not responsible for any of the following circumstances:


(1) Any disclosure of personal information made under the laws and regulations or the mandatory provisions of the government.


(2) The disclosure of any personal information resulting from the fact that you have communicated the users password to another person or shared the account with others.


(3) Any personal information disclosure, loss, misappropriation or tampering caused by any force, such as a hacker attack, a computer virus intrusion or attack, temporary closures caused by government control, etc., which affect the normal operation of the network.


(4) Any legal disputes and consequences arising from the disclosure of personal information caused by companies we do not own or control, as well as the persons we do not employ or do not manage.


Amendments and Interpretations of this Privacy Statement: This privacy statement may be modified from time to time. The right to modify this privacy statement and the final interpretation of the right is owned by JOICOM CORPORATION.


MODIFICATIONS.


If you have any concern about privacy at {removed hyperref}, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and our privacy policy and the terms of use will change also. We may email periodic reminders of our policy and terms, but you should check our website frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current privacy policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.


