


Privacy Policy.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href}.


{list item} Privacy Policy.


Privacy Policy.


EFFECTIVE DECEMBER 1ST, 2018.


Here at RunLessWire, we take data privacy seriously. We want you to fully understand what data we collect about you and how we use it.


Most privacy policies are giant walls of text, consisting of difficult-to-understand legalese. Thats not how we do things around here. This privacy page was created with transparency and ease of understanding as its main goals.


Who Do We Collect Data From?


There are two groups of people that we collect data on. The first group is everyone who visits our public website ({removed hyperref}). We refer to them as VISITORS.


The second group of people are business customers whose data is kept in a separate system. These are people who purchase from us, or work for companies which purchase from us. We refer to these people as CUSTOMERS.


We have a separate business privacy policy for CUSTOMERS, available {REMOVED HREF} HERE. The rest of this privacy policy only refers to VISITORS.


What Data Do We Collect from Visitors?


We use {removed href} Google Analytics to collect anonymous information about VISITORS. These VISITORS are NOT identified by IP address, because we anonymize all IP addresses. We record all the information that the browser shares with us. Pieces of information can include things like: Browser, Operating System, Device Type, Geographic Location, etc. Again, this is all anonymous.


On certain pages, we offer services which require knowing the geographic location of our VISITORS. We only ask the browser for this information if a VISITOR explicitly opts in, and we do not save it after the page is closed. We do share it with Google (anonymously) because we use the Google Maps Javascript API to build the interactive maps on these {removed hyperref} also collect email addresses if VISITORS decide to share them with us via Newsletter Email signup forms. These forms are entirely optional, and opt-in.


What Do We Do With This Data?


We analyze this data in bulk to look at trends in browser usage, device usage, etc. For example, knowing what percentage of our users are browsing from a smartphone helps us determine where to focus resources.


Email addresses shared with us via Newsletter Email signup forms are used primarily for newsletter emails. These emails contain product news and information, and will always have an opt-out link. Additionally, email addresses may be used to notify you about policy changes, such as changes to this privacy policy.


How Do We Protect Your Data?


We will use best business practices to keep your data safe and secure for as long as necessary. If youd like more information about how we store your data, please contact us directly.


To protect data stored on our servers, we regularly audit our system for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. While we implement the security measures detailed above, transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and therefore transmission via the internet is at your own risk.


3rd Party Links.


This website may contain windows or hyperlinks which provide access to other websites not affiliated with {removed hyperref}. Your use of an external website or any informational content found on an external websites is subject to and governed by the terms and guidelines of said external website.


We do not endorse or make any representations or warranties concerning, and will not in any way be liable for, any informational content, products, services, software, or other materials available on an external website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any external website. For your protection, please refer to the terms of service and privacy policies of the respective external websites.


Use of Cookies.


Like many companies, {removed hyperref} may use cookies and log files on the Site. A cookie is a small string of text that a website can send to your browser that is intended to enhance your visit. Personal Information that is contained in cookies (if cookies are used) will be protected to the same degree as any other Personal Information that we collect about you. While you may delete or decline cookies by changing your browser settings, some or all of the features of the Site may not function properly if cookies are used with the Site.


Opt Out of Data Collection Entirely.


We understand if youd like to entirely opt out of data collection. Your privacy is important. Please {REMOVED HREF} CLICK HERE to opt-out of Google Analytics.


If you have any questions, please feel free to {removed href} contact us.


