


Sunex Tools Inc. (Sunex Tools) created this Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy) in order to ensure the confidence of individuals and companies (including any authorized users of such companies) (collectively, you or your) using our Website (Site), and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy.


1. Types of Information Collected.


{bullet list}.


{list item} Traffic Data Collected: We automatically track and collect the following information when you visit our Site, including your: (i) IP Address; (ii) Domain Server; (iii) Type of Computer; and (iv) Type of Web Browser (collectively, Traffic Data). Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on the Site. We also use cookies which are small data files that may be stored on your computer by the Site.


{list item} Personal Information Collected: In order for you to access certain services that we offer via the Site, we require you to provide us with information that personally identifies you (Personal Information). Personal Information may include: (i) Contact Data (such as your name and mailing and/or e-mail addresses); and (ii) Financial Data (such as your account number). If you communicate with us by e-mail or complete online registration forms, surveys, or other forms, any information provided in such communication may be collected as Personal Information.


2. Uses of Personal Information Collected.


We will use Contact Data to respond to your requests and inquiries. We may also use Contact Data to send you information about our company, including our affiliates, our products or services, or to contact you when necessary. We use your Financial Information to bill you for products and services, which Sunex Tools may elect to have handled through a third party credit card processing service. We may provide your Contact Data to third parties, including other companies who may want to send you information about their products or services. If you do not want us to share your Contact Data with any third parties, please email us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


3. User Choice Regarding Collection, Use and Distribution of Personal Information.


You may choose not to provide us with any Personal Information. In such an event, you can still access and use much of the Site. However, you will not be able to access and use those portions of the Site that require your Personal Information.


4. Lost or Stolen Information.


You must promptly notify us if your credit card password is lost, stolen, or used without permission. In such an event, we will cancel that credit card number or password and update our records accordingly.


5. Your California Privacy Rights.


California Civil Code Section 1798. 83 permits customers of Sunex Tools who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, contact our Consumer Services Group through the following link [{removed href} {removed hyperref}/] and include your name and the address to which you would like us to respond.


6. Links and Your Privacy.


The Site contains links to other Websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites.


7. Updates and Changes to Privacy Policy.


We reserve the right at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Policy simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site.


View Our Full Range of Products {removed href} Browse Online Now.


{removed href} 0 {removed href} go top {removed href}.


