


Privacy policy.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Terms and conditions.


{list item} {removed href} Privacy policy.


{list item} {removed href} About us.


{list item} {removed href} Subscribe.


{list item} {removed href} Advertise.


{list item} {removed href} Developers.


{list item} {removed href} Sitemap.


{list item} {removed href} Contact.


{removed href} Terms and conditions {removed href} Privacy policy {removed href} About us {removed href} Subscribe {removed href} Partner program {removed href} Developers {removed href} Advertise {removed href} General questions {removed href} Customer support {removed href} Sitemap {removed href} List your products {removed href} Contact.


smartplugi Privacy Policy.


Effective Date Last Modified April 20, 2018.


PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING OUR WEBSITES OR SERVICES. BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES (OTHER THAN TO READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE FIRST TIME), YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.


INTRODUCTION.


This Privacy Policy tells you the types of information we collect when you use our Sites or Services, how we use that information, and the instances in which we share your information.


smartplugi, Inc. (smartplugi) operates online shopping websites, including {removed hyperref} and other websites (Sites), and provides other online services (Services). As we are based in the United States of America, your information will be transmitted to, held and processed by us there in accordance with this Privacy Policy.


SUMMARY OF KEY PRINCIPLES.


We thought it would be helpful to set out briefly the key ways in which we use your information and how we seek to protect privacy. Of course, you should read the terms of our full Privacy Policy.


{number list}.


{list item} We typically collect two kinds of information about you: (a) information that you provide that personally identifies you (e. g., full name or phone number); and (b) information that does not personally identify you (e. g., your IP address or type of browser);


{list item} We typically use this information to provide you with our website and related services, and to produce reports and data about online shopping;


{list item} We may disclose this information to authorized third parties including our merchants, advertising and promotional partners and third party service providers for these purposes;


{list item} You may at any time opt-out of certain activities as set out below (see section VI);


{list item} We encrypt any information you input using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software and take reasonable security measures to safeguard information;


{list item} If you register with us, you have the ability to update or correct the information you previously provided via the account section;


{list item} Our websites and our services are not designed or intended for use by children under 13; and.


{list item} This Privacy Policy may change from time to time so please check this policy regularly. Any material changes will be notified to you by email as appropriate.


{bullet list}.


{list item} WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?


We collect two kinds of information related to you: (a) Personally Identifiable Information (PII); and (b) Non-Personally Identifiable Information (Non-PII).


(a) Personally Identifiable Information: PII includes any information that identifies you as person. We collect your PII when you choose to register with us or when you choose to participate in an interactive feature of our Sites such as a review, survey or promotion. You may: (a) potentially provide your name, mail/shipping address, email address, credit card number and phone number when registering with our Sites or in connection with a contest entry; (b) provide certain demographic information about you (e. g., age, gender, shopping interests and preferences, etc.) when participating in a survey or poll; or (c) post a general comment and/or recommendation on our Sites.


(b) Non-Personally Identifiable Information: Non-PII is any information that does not identify you as a person including PII which has been rendered anonymous. We obtain non-PII either separately or together with your PII as described above.


HOW WE USE SHARE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED.


PII and Non-PII is used to provide, or improve, our Sites and Services to you and to carry out your requests, respond to your inquiries, better serve you and understand your needs, or is used in other ways naturally associated with the circumstances in which you provided the information.


We may disclose PII and Non-PII to:


(1) our third party service providers who perform functions on our behalf in connection with the operation of the Sites or Services e. g., providers who host and manage data, process credit card orders, deliver our merchandise, etc;


(2) participating sponsors to a program or promotion you enter through our Sites or Services;


(3) our parent company, subsidiaries or other affiliated companies (affiliated companies) for operational, marketing and promotional purposes;


(4) co-promotional partners and others with whom we have marketing or other relationships, who may already have non-PII or PII about you;


(5) participating merchants where you consent at the time you submit PII to us when using the interactive features of our Sites such as surveys and reviews concerning our participating merchants.


In addition, we use non-PII to help analyze site traffic, understand customer needs and trends, carry out targeted promotional activities (see Preference Based Advertising below).


III. COOKIES AND PREFERENCE BASED ADVERTISING.


(a) Cookies and Web Beacons: We and the third parties we authorize automatically receive and store certain types of non-PII whenever you interact with us by using cookies and analogous technology. So, for example, our cookies may allow us to show you the past products you have searched for on our Sites. It is important to note that the cookies that we use do not contain and are not tied to PII about you.


(b) Preference Based Advertising: We also work with and permit certain third parties, including advertising networks and website analysis firms, to place cookies on your computer/browser when you visit our Sites.


Some important notes: (1) the opt-out tools for Third-Party Ads include all the advertising networks that smartplugi works with, but also many that smartplugi does not work with; (2) opting out of Our Ads does not automatically serve as an opt-out from Third-Party Ads the same is true the other way around. To opt-out of Our Ads and Third-Party Ads, you must use each respective opt-out tool above; (3) the opt-out tools for both Our Ads and Third-Party Ads rely on cookies to ensure that your non-PII is not used for online advertising purposes (Opt-out Cookies). Therefore, if you buy a new computer, change web browsers or delete these Opt-out Cookies from your computer, you will need to perform the relevant opt-out tasks again.


(c) Do Not Track Features: Certain browsers may offer you the option of providing notice to websites that you do not wish for your online activities to be tracked for preference based advertising purposes (DNT Notice). Some browsers are, by default, set to provide a DNT Notice, whether or not that reflects your preference.


{bullet list}.


{list item} SECURITY OF INFORMATION.


We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. We also use a secure server hosting location in the US, firewall protection, controlled access and encryption technology to protect your data. Please be advised, however, that while we strive to protect your PII, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and are not responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your PII.


{bullet list}.


{list item} YOUR OPTIONS OPT-OUTS.


(a) What Information Can I Access? If you register as a smartplugi member, you will typically have access to an account section that includes the registration information you previously provided which you can update or correct at any time. If there is any inaccurate information that you are not able to correct, just let us know. Also, if you wish, you can delete your membership account entirely although we may retain certain information in limited circumstances Furthermore, some information is never completely removed from our databases due to technical (e. g., information that is stored in our back-up systems) and certain legal constraints.


(b) You May Contact Us With Questions: If you have any questions or concerns about privacy at smartplugi, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


VII. CHILDREN.


As neither our Sites nor our Services are intended for use by children under 13, children under 13 may not submit any PII to us. Also, i f you are under 18, you should use smartplugi and submit information only with involvement of a parent or guardian.


VIII. REVISIONS.


This Privacy Policy may change from time to time to reflect our changing business practices. We will provide you notice of any such changes by posting the new policy on our Sites or by email if the changes are material (in instances where we have an email address for you).


VII. SOLE STATEMENT.


This Privacy Policy and our Terms of use, both as posted on our Websites and through our Services, contain all of the material terms of regarding your use of our Websites and Services. No summary, modification, restatement or other version thereof, or other privacy statement or policy, in any form, is valid unless we post it to our Websites and Services.


2017 smartplugi.


