


Last Updated: Feb 25, 2019.


Trifo Inc. (Trifo, we or us) is committed to protecting privacy of our users. This privacy policy explains what personal information we collect, how we use it and procedures we have to protect your personal information. This policy applies to personal information collected from Trifo website, Trifo Home app and other products and service.


This policy includes the following contents:


I. What personal information do we collect and how do we use it?


II. What personal information do we share with third parties?


III. Your controls and choices.


IV. Data retention.


V. Data Security.


VI. Minors.


VII. Links to third party websites.


VIII. Social Media Widgets.


IX. Changes to this privacy policy.


X. Contact us.


I. What personal information do we collect and how do we use it?


Our main purpose of collecting your personal information is to improve the quality of our products and service.


We collect personal information when you register Trifo account, use Trifo products and services or contact us through email or otherwise. We collect your personal information through different ways, including:


1. Information you share with us.


We collect personal information when you register with Trifo website or application, shop online, contact us through email, mail or otherwise. The personal information we collect includes but is not limited to your name, region, birth date, email address, shipping address, phone number, billing information. Please note that you are contractually required to provide us such necessary personal information without which you will not be able to use the Trifo website, Trifo Home app or any other service.


2. Information from our website.


When you visit our website, we automatically collect limited personal information and some anonymous statistics such as your IP address, web browser types, operating system and other similar information. We only use this information to analyze trends, to administer and monitor our website, in order to provide you better service.


In order to optimize this website, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google. Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website analyze how you use this Website. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Website.


3. Information from Trifo Home app and others.


When you use Trifo robot online through Trifo Home app and others, we will collect and store information about the robot and/or application usage, system crashes and other information generated during usage. We use this information to analyze and fix technical issues to improve your experience.


II. What personal information do we share with third parties?


We will not share, sell or disseminate your personal information to third parties unless you give us your consent, or required by law, or this policy has special explanation.


We may share your personal information inside Trifo, including other companies owned by or under common ownership as Trifo, as well as our subsidiaries.


At your request, we permit third parties to collect information from your devices and application. Trifo will not control the collecting and usage of your personal information by the third parties, you should read privacy policy and other related documents provided by third parties.


We may disclose your personal information to law enforcement officials in response to a lawful request by a public authority and without your authorization.


III. Your controls and choices.


You have the following rights on the personal information we hold about you:


1. Right to access.


You have the right to request confirmation about the status of our processing on your personal information, and to request access to the personal information we hold about you.


2. Right to rectification.


You have the right to request rectification of inaccurate personal information.


3. Right to erasure.


Under certain circumstances, you have the right to request erasure of your personal data without unreasoning delay.


4. Right to restriction of processing.


Under certain circumstances, you have the right to ask us to restrict our use of your personal information.


5. Right to object.


You have the right to object our use of your personal information for certain purpose.


IV. Data retention.


For us to provide service for you, to conduct our business and to comply with applicable laws, we will store your personal data for as long as necessary. If you have any questions about data retention or you need more details, please contact us at: info[at] {removed hyperref}.


V. Security of information.


We are committed to protecting information security of Trifo users and provide layers of safeguards, including technical and organizational measures, for robot devices, Trifo website, application and cloud service. Your personal information is always under encrypted status during transmission and storage. The access to your personal information is limited to your own request or authorized personnel for the purpose of working and providing service for you.


When you register Trifo device through our online application, your Trifo robot is bound to your Trifo account. Afterwards, the application can only access your Trifo robot with your authorization.


In the unlikely event that your personal information is compromised as a result of security breach, we will notify you appropriately and take other reasonable steps.


VI. Minors.


Trifo will never knowingly collect any personal information about individuals under eighteen (18) years of age. If Trifo obtains actual knowledge that it has collected personal information about an individual under eighteen (18) years of age, that information will be immediately deleted in accordance with applicable law.


VII. Links to third party websites.


Trifo website and application may contain links to other websites. This policy only applies to websites, application and service operated by Trifo. We have no control over and are not responsible for contents of those third-party websites, features or service. When linking to third party websites, features or service, you should carefully read the privacy policy provided by them.


VIII. Social Media Widgets.


Our Website includes and/or may include social media features and widgets, such as the Facebook, Twitter or LinkedIn button (the Features). These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our website, and may set cookies to enable the Feature to function properly. Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. We undertake no responsibility and shall have no liability with respect to these Features.


IX. Changes to this privacy policy.


We may modify this privacy policy from time to time. When this privacy policy is changed, we will send you the updated privacy policy via ways such as email or push notification. You can review our privacy policy from our website or application.


X. Contact us.


If you have questions about this privacy policy, want to know more details, or feel that we do not comply with the terms of this privacy policy, please contact us at: info[at] {removed hyperref}.


Trifo.


4699 Old Ironsides Dr. Suite 390.


Santa Clara, CA 95054, U. S.


We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. {removed href} Ok {removed href} Privacy Policy {removed href}.


