


{removed hyperref} PRIVACY POLICY.


Last modified: 06/19/2017.


INTRODUCTION. {removed hyperref} (Turbolock) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website {removed hyperref} (our Website) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.


This policy applies to information we collect (a) on this Website, (b) in email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website, (c) through mobile and desktop applications you download from this Website, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this Website, and (d) when you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.


It does not apply to information collected by (a) us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), or (b) any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from the Website.


Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.


CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13. Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to the Website. Turbolock does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website, or on or through any of its features/register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at {removed hyperref}.


INFORMATION TURBOLOCK COLLECTS ABOUT YOU AND HOW TURBOLOCK COLLECTS IT. Turbolock collects several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information (a) by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (personal information); (b) that is about you but individually does not identify you; and/or (c) about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details. Turbolock may collect this information directly from you when you provide it to us, automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, and other tracking technologies. We may also collect information from third parties, for example, our business partners.


INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US. The information we collect on or through our Website may include information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website any by using the Website. This includes information provided at the time of purchasing our products. Turbolock may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Website.


INFORMATION TURBOLOCK COLLECTS THROUGH AUTOMATIC DATA COLLECTION TECHNOLOGIES. As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website, and information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.


We and our partners use cookies or similar tracking technologies to analyze trends, administer our website, and track users movements around the website.


When you visit a participating website (including this website), Turbolock may place one or more cookies on your computer. Cookies are small text files that can be used by a website to store information on a users machine and later retrieve it. We use cookies to store information that can be used to serve ads relevant to your interests (our IBA services). We do not store any PII in the cookies. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website.


The information we collect automatically is statistical data and may include personal information, and we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to estimate our audience size and usage patterns, store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests, speed up your searches, and recognize you when you return to our Website.


The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:


{number list}.


{list item} COOKIES (OR BROWSER COOKIES). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.


{list item} FLASH COOKIES. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How Turbolock Uses and Disclose Your Information.


{list item} WEB BEACONS. Pages of our Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit Turbolock, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email] and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).


Turbolock does not collect personal information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us.


THIRD-PARTY USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES. Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. Turbolock does not control these third parties tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.


HOW TURBOLOCK USES YOUR INFORMATION. Turbolock uses information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information to present our Website and its contents to you, to provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us, to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it, to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection, to notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it, in any other way we may describe when you provide the information, and for any other purpose with your consent.


Turbolock may also use your information to contact you about our own and third-parties goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please click the UNSUBSCRIBE link in the footer of any of these marketing email messages. For more information, see Choices About How Turbolock Uses and Discloses Your Information.


Turbolock may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.


DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION. Turbolock may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. Turbolock may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy (a) to our subsidiaries and affiliates, to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business, (b) to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Turbolocks assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Turbolock about our Website users is among the assets transferred, (c) to third parties to market their products or services to you if you have not opted out of these disclosures, (d) to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it, and (e) for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information. Turbolock may also disclose your personal information (a) to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request; (b) to enforce or apply our terms of use, terms of sale, and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; (c) if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Turbolock, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.


CHOICES ABOUT HOW TURBOLOCK USES AND DISCLOSES YOUR INFORMATION. Turbolock strives to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. Turbolock has created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:


{number list}.


{list item} TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES AND ADVERTISING. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobes website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.


{list item} DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION FOR THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISING. We do not share your personal information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional purposes.


{list item} PROMOTIONAL OFFERS FROM THE TURBOLOCK. If you do not wish to have your email address used by Turbolock to promote our own or third parties products or services, you can opt-out by clicking the UNSUBSCRIBE link in the footer of any of these email messages. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions.


{list item} TARGETED ADVERTISING. If you do not want us to use information that we collect or that you provide to us to deliver advertisements according to our advertisers target-audience preferences, you can opt-out by following the instructions on this link: {removed hyperref}/


Turbolock does not control third parties collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) on the NAIs website.


YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS. California Civil Code Section 1798. 83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to {removed hyperref} or write us at: Turbolock, 3431 William Richardson Dr., Ste B, South bend, Indiana 46628.


DATA SECURITY. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. Turbolock is not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.


CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY. It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.


CAN SPAM ACT. The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations. We collect your email address in order to send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:


{number list}.


{list item} Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.


{list item} Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.


{list item} Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.


{list item} Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.


{list item} Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.


{list item} Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.


If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can follow the instructions at the bottom of each email to unsubscribe and we will promptly remove you from all future correspondence.


CONTACT INFORMATION: To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:


Turbolock.


3431 William Richardson Dr., Ste B.


South bend, Indiana 46628.


USA.


8558508031.


Recent Posts.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Top Tips to Make Your Smart Lock Setup Smarter, Safer and Better September 3, 2020.


{list item} {removed href} How Turbolock Smart Locks Can Help Secure Your Rental or Airbnb September 3, 2020.


{list item} {removed href} How Rental Property Managers and AirBnB Hosts Can Benefit from Turbolock Smart Locks August 21, 2020.


Tags {removed href} advanced digital locks {removed href} digital locks {removed href} Keyless Entry {removed href} Smart locks {removed href} TurboLock YL-99-SS.


