


{removed href} Home {removed href} Legal.


Privacy.


Cooper Tire Rubber Company Privacy Policy.


LAST UPDATED: JUNE 4, 2020.


Previous Privacy Policy available {removed href} here.


Cooper Tire Rubber Company (COOPER, WE, OUR, or US) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes our privacy practices in connection with the information we collect from you:


{number list}.


{list item} when you visit our websites that link to this Privacy Policy (the SITE);


{list item} when we communicate with you through e-mail messages that link to this Privacy Policy;


{list item} when we communicate with you by offline channels, such as when you provide your information to our call centers or in person (collectively, including the Site, e-mail, and offline channels, referred to as the SERVICES); and.


{list item} the basis on which we will process personal data we collect from you or that you provide to us, and your choices with respect to that data.


Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how your personal data will be treated as you make use of the many features of the Site and our Services generally. By providing your personal data and other information through our Services, you acknowledge that your personal data will be processed pursuant to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If any term in this Privacy Policy is unacceptable to you, please do not use the Services or provide any personal data.


This Privacy Policy may change periodically, so please check back from time to time. For your information, the date of the last update to this Privacy Policy is stated at the legend above.


In addition to this Privacy Policy, your use of the Site is also subject to our {removed href} Terms of Service.


This Privacy Policy will cover the following topics:


{bullet list}.


{list item} {removed href} What Personal Data We Collect.


{list item} {removed href} How We Use Personal Data Collected from Cookies and Tracking Technologies.


{list item} {removed href} How We Use Your Personal Data.


{list item} {removed href} Disclosure of Your Personal Data.


{list item} {removed href} Data Security.


{list item} {removed href} Your Rights and Choices About Your Personal Data.


{list item} {removed href} For Individuals in the European Union/European Economic Area and Certain Other Jurisdictions.


{list item} {removed href} For California Residents.


{list item} {removed href} For Individuals in the Republic of Serbia.


{list item} {removed href} Third-Party Websites and Services.


{list item} {removed href} Age Restrictions.


{list item} {removed href} Revisions to This Privacy Policy.


{list item} {removed href} How to Contact Cooper.


{removed href} 1. What Personal Data We Collect.


The term personal data as used in this Privacy Policy refers to any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual, or as defined under applicable law. We collect personal data from and about you as a user of our Site and Services. We collect categories of personal data such as:


{number list}.


{list item} IDENTIFIERS: your name, e-mail address, phone number, telephone number, physical address, company affiliation, job/title/function, or signature.


{list item} DEMOGRAPHIC DATA: your country of residence, industry, where permitted by applicable law, for example, when you apply for a position, you gender race/ethnic group, disability, or veteran status.


{list item} TIRE AND VEHICLE DETAILS: your vehicles make, model, trim, and year, license plate number and state; the Vehicle Identification Number (VIN); your current brand of tires; and your tire identification number.


{list item} LOG DETAILS: IP addresses, device information, and electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, your browsing activity on our Site and others, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Site.


{list item} GEOLOCATION DATA: information about your approximate location.


{list item} COMMERCIAL INFORMATION: records of products or services purchased or received from Cooper and other purchasing and consuming tendencies and interests.


{list item} SOCIAL MEDIA DETAILS: data such as your social media account information, profile pictures, posts, or any photos where you tag Cooper.


{list item} EMPLOYMENT DETAILS: information such as your resume or curriculum vitae (CV), your employment history, professional references or job preferences.


{list item} EDUCATIONAL INFORMATION: information such as your school transcripts and educational records.


{list item} FEEDBACK: Information, feedback or content you provide regarding your marketing preferences, such as in surveys, sweepstakes, or promotional offers on our Services and those of third parties.


{list item} CALL RECORDINGS AND CHAT TRANSCRIPTS: Conversations, including records or monitoring of calls or chats for quality assurance and training purposes where permitted by applicable law or based upon consent.


{list item} DEALER DETAILS: If you are a Dealer, Cooper may collect your name, address, phone number, email address, geolocation, and Dealer Number.


{list item} OTHER DATA: Other types of information that you voluntarily choose to provide to us.


1. 1 Personal Data You Provide to Us.


We obtain your personal data from you in a variety of ways. This includes:


WHEN YOU SUPPLY US YOUR PERSONAL DATA. We receive any personal data including Identifiers (e. g., name, e-mail address, telephone number, fax, job function/title, company/organization name), Demographic Data (e. g., your country, industry), Commercial Information (e. g., current customer status, product interests), Feedback, and Other Data that you choose to provide us through our Site, over the phone, or through other means. This includes information provided when you fill out forms on our Site or sign up for newsletters and other types of information material.


WHEN YOU SIGN UP FOR REMINDERS. The Site allows you to sign up for e-mail reminders regarding such things as when it is time to check your tire pressure, to have your tires rotated, or for routine tire maintenance. In order to send you these reminders, you will need to provide us with some of your personal data, including your Identifiers (e. g., name and e-mail address and zip code) and Tire and Vehicle Details, including your cars make, type, year, current brand tires, last time tires were rotated and miles driven per month. We will use the information you provide to keep track of your cars tire rotation needs, to send you tire reminders, and to identify the nearest dealer location to you (unless you provided us with this information in connection with a tire warranty or recall). This information will not be shared with third parties. We may use it as aggregate information to keep track of certain trends.


If you later decide that you no longer wish to receive these e-mail reminders, you may follow the instructions in the last e-mail reminder you received to remove yourself from these notifications, or you may submit a request to unsubscribe via our {removed href} Request Form. The page of the Site where you signed up for the e-mail reminders will also permit you to unsubscribe.


DEALER LOCATOR TIRE SELECTOR. To help you find a dealer or select a Cooper tire, we ask where you live or your car make or model to find a dealer or select a tire best for your car. We may also ask you for your cars license plate number and state; the Vehicle Identification Number (VIN); or your cars year, make, model, and trim.


We may share this information with the selected dealer to better assist you with your prospective tire purchase. We store your information such as the location you enter for the dealer locator and the year, make, and model of a car.


FOR TIRE RECALLS. We collect personal data about you and your tires so that we can contact you about any tire recalls. This may include your Identifiers (e. g., name, address, phone, email); Dealer Details (e. g., dealer name, address, phone); Commercial Information (e. g., product and purchase information, like number of tires purchased for each Tire ID Number (an 11-digit DOT number)); and Tire and Vehicle Details (e. g., tire purchase date, Tire ID Number). Federal law in the United States prohibits us from reselling tire registration information or using it for marketing purposes.


WHEN YOU CONTACT US. The Site allows you to submit Feedback like questions, comments, or concerns to us via chat messages, e-mails, and telephone calls. Cooper asks for your name, street address, phone number, e-mail address, fax number, and company name. We will use the information to respond to your inquiry and may share it internally to improve our service to you. Please note that, with your consent (as may be required), phone conversations and online chat sessions may be monitored or recorded in accordance with applicable law for quality and training purposes.


WHEN YOU PROVIDE TESTIMONIALS: Cooper values your opinion. When you contact us, we may with your consent (as may be required) use your Feedback to share your testimonials about our products with our Cooper dealers and other retailers in order to promote Coopers products, improve Coopers products, to conduct internal market research or to facilitate the resolution of a dispute between you and a dealer. We will only disclose as much of your personal data as necessary to accomplish the purpose.


AT TRADE SHOWS AND OTHER EVENTS. Cooper collects Identifiers, Employment Details, and Social Media Details like the personal or business contact information you provide at trade shows or similar events, including through business card scans or drops and via tablets, in order to allow us to contact you or to receive information about us, opportunities with us, or our product or Services.


WHEN YOU PARTICIPATE IN SURVEYS, SWEEPSTAKES, CONTESTS, OR DRAWINGS. Cooper, at times, may offer you a chance to participate in a survey, sweepstakes, contest, or drawing. In order to do so, you may be required to disclose personal data such as Identifiers (e. g., contact information), Demographic Data (such as your age or income level), Social Media Details (like social media account), and Commercial Information about your purchase and use of Cooper products. The foregoing information may be used:


{number list}.


{list item} to notify you that you have won the sweepstakes, contest, or drawing.


{list item} to conduct market research studies and reports.


{list item} to give to companies that co-sponsor or administer the sweepstakes, contest, or drawing with Cooper for the purpose of carrying out the sweepstakes, contest, or drawing.


{list item} to send you information about Cooper products.


The information also may be shared with third parties who conduct research based on aggregate responses to such surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or drawings. HOWEVER, YOU WILL BE GIVEN A CHOICE TO OPT OUT OF BEING CONTACTED IN THIS WAY.


WHEN YOU APPLY FOR A POSITION ON OUR CAREERS SITE. Cooper posts available jobs, internships, and other positions on the Site, where you may submit your application to us through our portal. To review open positions and submit an application, we may require you to register for an account and provide us with your name, email address, password and country of residence. Cooper may ask for Employment Details and Educational Information including your geographic preference, positions applied for, employment history, education, school transcript and records, career objectives, the reasons you want to work for Cooper, and resume. We use your Employment Details, Educational Information and Other Data that you submit with your application to determine whether you would be a good candidate for the requested job. With your consent we may save the information in our files in case you would be a good candidate for a future job.


Depending on the jurisdiction in which you reside, we may also collect your referral source, gender, race/ethnic group, veteran status or disabilities, if any. Cooper is a government contractor and complies with government regulations including affirmative action. The information is used for government reporting purposes and affirmative action responsibilities only. The information will be kept confidential and in a separate file from your employment application.


WHEN YOU REDEEM A PROMOTIONAL AWARD. To redeem a promotional award, we may require that you submit Commercial Information like your tire purchase receipt, which contains your purchase location, purchase date, and the products you purchased. We use this information to track consumer trends and demographic information, and the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.


WITH YOUR CONSENT. We may use your personal data for any other purpose for which you consent.


WHEN YOU ARE A DEALER. Registered Cooper dealers may give us their Dealer Numbers to access Services and parts of the Site that are unavailable to other users.


COMBINING INFORMATION WE COLLECT. Where permitted by law, we may combine any of the information we collect from or about you and use it in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.


Unless otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not collect sensitive information or special categories of personal data about you (such as health or medical history, ethnicity, political affiliations, religious beliefs, trade union membership, sexual preferences, etc.) and you should not provide such information to us.


{removed href} 1. 2 Personal Data We Collect Automatically Using Tracking Technologies.


As with many other websites, as you navigate through and interact with our Site, we may collect certain Log Details and other information about your device equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. This includes:


DEVICE INFORMATION. Cooper collects information about the device you use to access our Site and use our Services. This includes device type, operating system version and type, unique identifiers (such as mobile advertising ID, VIN, and MAC address), carrier, and other related information.


COMPUTER AND INTERNET CONNECTION. Our servers also receive and store information about your computer, internet connection, and browser, including your operating system, host domain, browser type, and other related software or hardware information.


IP ADDRESS. Cooper collects information concerning your IP address. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web. Web servers automatically identify your computer or device by its IP address. When visitors request pages from the Site, our servers log the guests IP addresses. Cooper collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration and to audit the use of this Site. We also use IP addresses to collect statistical information and for marketing and promotional purposes as described in this Policy.


DETAILS OF YOUR VISITS TO OUR SITE. Cooper collects information about your visits to our Site, including resources that you access and use on our Site, traffic data, location data, logs, language, date and time of access, frequency, and other communication data. We also collect various metrics about how you interacted with our Site in order to:


{number list}.


{list item} Determine website traffic patterns.


{list item} Count web visits.


{list item} Determine traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Site.


{list item} Help us to know which pages and content are the most and least popular.


{list item} Observe Site search patterns to provide more intuitive navigation cues.


{list item} Determine user frequency and days since your last visit.


GEOLOCATION DATA. Depending on your browser settings, we may collect Geolocation Data about your approximate location using IP sniffing or mobile location services. We use this information so that our Site can automatically show you the Cooper Tire retailers and dealers nearest to your likely location when you navigate to that part of our Site.


1. 3 What Personal Data We Collect From Third Parties.


Cooper may receive your information, including your Identifiers (e. g., name, address, e-mail address and telephone number) from third parties. The third parties that we collect personal data or other data from include:


THIRD PARTIES WITH WHOM WE HAVE A RELATIONSHIP. We may receive your personal data such as your Identifiers or Commercial Information from third parties with whom we have a relationship, including our registered Cooper dealers and other retailers, to determine whether you are interested in purchasing a Cooper product or service and whether that product or service is right for you. We also may receive information about your tire purchases for purposes of tire recalls.


PURCHASE OF PERSONAL DATA FROM UNAFFILIATED THIRD PARTIES. Where permitted by applicable law, Cooper may purchase your personal data from third parties, e. g. lead generators, and will process your data in accordance with applicable law (and with your consent, where required) to determine whether you are interested in purchasing a Cooper product or service and whether that product or service is right for you.


REFERRAL PROGRAMS. We may receive your information from third parties as part of a referral program, including our Refer a Friend or Friends and Family programs and offers. These may include programs offered by your employer, trade groups or affiliation groups. Your information will only be used for determining your interest in a product or Service.


ADVERTISING PARTNERS. Advertising partners that collect and maintain information on their customers. These partners may provide Cooper with certain information about those customers for the purposes of serving advertisements and/or marketing offers to their customers on the Service.


THIRD-PARTY SITE INFORMATION. Our Site may use third-party social media websites, applications, or services that you use, when we allow those websites, applications, or services to interact through the Site to provide personalized services to you. In some cases, those websites, applications, or services may automatically provide us with information about you to facilitate personalization unless you use the controls available on those websites, applications, or services to opt-out of such sharing.


COMBINING DATA AND/OR CREATING PROFILES. We also may combine the personal data that we have collected about you with other data about you obtained from other sources (both online and offline), such as from third parties and public sources. For example, if your browser settings permit cookies, we may use the social media platforms data analytics and advertising tools to obtain personal data about you unrelated to your web traffic on our Site, such as your demographics, interests, and other characteristics, to use for research and analytical purposes, as well as for targeted or online behavioral advertising on other websites.


{removed href} 2. How We Use Personal Data Collected from Cookies and Tracking Technologies.


As with many other websites, as you navigate through and interact with our Site, we use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns.


COOKIES USED ON THIS SITE. Our Site uses single-session (temporary) and multi-session (persistent) cookies. Temporary cookies last only as long as your web browser is open, and are used for technical purposes such as enabling better navigation on our Site. Once you close your browser, the cookie disappears. Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods and are used for purposes including tracking the number of unique visitors to our Site and information such as the number of views a page gets, how much time a user spends on a page, and other pertinent web statistics. Cookies, by themselves, will not be used by the Company to disclose your individual identity. This information identifies your browser, but not you, to our servers when you visit the Site, and also helps us to remember your preferences from session to session to provide an enhanced user experience.


We use different types of first- and third-party cookies on this Site. For example, we use cookies to track user trends and patterns. This helps us better understand and improve areas of the Site that our users find valuable.


We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your use of our Site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. We use the information from cookies to provide services better tailored to our users needs.


Visitors to the Site always have the option of disabling cookies via their browser preferences.


WEB BEACONS. We use technology known as web beacons to collect web information. A web beacon is an object that is embedded in a web page. It is usually invisible to you but allows site operators to check whether you have viewed a particular web page or e-mail communication. We may place web beacons on pages of the Site. You may not decline web beacons. However, they may be rendered ineffective by not providing your consent to such tracking via our cookie consent tool, declining all cookies or modifying your browser setting to notify you each time a cookie is tendered and permit you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis.


DATA ANALYTICS. Cooper may use third-party data analytics service providers to measure the web traffic on different parts of our Site. These services, which anonymously track users, uses technical tools like first-party cookies, to help analyze how users use the Site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Site will be transmitted to and stored by third-party data analytics service providers, who will use this information on behalf of us as the operator of this Site for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Site, compiling reports on Site activity for Site operators and providing them other services relating to Site activity and internet usage.


In case IP anonymization is activated on this Site, your IP address will be truncated within the area of Member States of the European Union or the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases the whole IP address will be first transferred to a server of a third-party data analytics service provider and truncated there. The IP anonymization is active on this Site.


The IP address that your browser conveys within the scope of third-party data analytics service providers will not be associated with any other data held by such third-party data analytics service providers. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser or the cookie consent tool, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Site.


The legal basis for the use of third-party data analytics service providers is your consent provided by accepting the use of cookies via our cookie consent tool when visiting our Site for the first time.


You can withdraw your consent at any time by submitting such withdrawal using our {removed href} Request Form.


SOCIAL MEDIA PLUG-INS. We offer social media plug-ins for companies that include Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram, and Vimeo. For example, we have Facebook like and share buttons, a tweet button for Twitter, and embedded Vimeo videos that offer certain interactive features and we and the company track your interactions with these functions. Additionally, even if you do not choose to use these plug-ins, the relevant company may still collect certain tracking information about you and share it with us.


CROSS-DEVICE TRACKING. We use data analytics companies, advertising networks, or social media companies, and features offered by data analytics services or the Facebook Pixel to engage in cross-device tracking, which occurs when platforms, publishers, and advertising technology companies try to connect a consumers activity across smartphones, tablets, desktop computers, and other connected devices. The goal of cross-device tracking is to enable companies to link a consumers behavior across devices.


{removed href} 3. How We Use Your Personal Data.


We may process your information when there is a legal basis to do so, as set forth below.


We may process your information where the processing is necessary for entering into or the performance of a contract with you. For example, we may process your personal data, including your Identifiers, Commercial Information, Employment Details, Educational Information, and Other Data:


{number list}.


{list item} To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products, and services that you request from us.


{list item} To carry out the terms of a survey, sweepstakes, contest, or drawing.


{list item} To process your job application.


We may process your information where the processing is necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation. For example, we may monitor the Site and its use, retain the content of any user session, and/or disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request or to cooperate with law enforcement and other authorities in investigating a claim of illegal activity.


We may process your information where the processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by a third party or us (to the extent it does not infringe on any data subjects fundamental rights and freedoms). For example, we may collect your Identifiers, Social Media Details, Feedback, Call Recordings and Chat Logs, and Log Details in order to:


{number list}.


{list item} Ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.


{list item} Allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services (when you choose to do so).


{list item} Keep our Site safe and secure.


{list item} Provide you with technical support and to improve our Site and services.


{list item} Provide you with information that you have requested and respond to your inquiries.


{list item} Notify you about changes to our Services or our Site.


{list item} If you are an existing customer, to communicate (including by email and SMS) with you to provide information about goods and services similar to those that were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you.


{list item} Subject to applicable law and regulations, in the event of a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization, or liquidation, to transfer, sell, or assign to third parties information concerning your relationship with us, including, without limitation, personal data that you provide and other information concerning your relationship with us.


We may process your information such as your Identifiers, Social Media Details, Feedback, Tire and Vehicle Details with your valid consent. This includes to:


{number list}.


{list item} Conduct market research studies and reports.


{list item} Use your name and address information to let you know of additional products and services about which you may be interested.


{list item} Provide you with an opportunity to have your name and address listed in a directory for one of our Services.


{list item} Any other purpose where you have provided valid consent where it is legally required.


If you do not want us to use your personal data in this way, simply do not give your consent on the relevant forms where we collect your personal data.


{removed href} 4. Disclosure of Your Personal Data.


We may disclose aggregated information about users of our Services, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. We share personal data that we collect or you provide to us as described in this Privacy Policy:


{number list}.


{list item} To any member of our group, which means our affiliates, including our ultimate parent company and its subsidiaries. For a complete listing of our affiliates, please contact us as indicated in Section {removed href} 13.


{list item} To registered Cooper dealers and other retailers who sell and distribute our products and Services to facilitate your tire purchase and for dispute resolution purposes. This may include your Identifiers, Commercial Information, Feedback, and Tire and Vehicle Details.


{list item} To companies who we engage for marketing and advertising campaigns as well as targeted advertising, analytics, and similar services. This may include Identifiers, Demographic Data, Tire and Vehicle Details, Commercial Information, Log Details, Social Media Details.


{list item} To companies who co-sponsor or administer our sweepstakes, contests, or drawings, as well as companies that conduct research based on responses to surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or drawings. This may include Identifiers, Demographic Data, Social Media Details, Commercial Information, and Feedback.


{list item} To contractors, service providers (e. g., payment processors, security and fraud prevention consultants, technology and communications providers, data storage/hosting providers, analytics providers, developers managed services providers), and other parties (e. g., social media services, business partners, consultants) we use to support our business or in connection with the administration and support activities. These companies are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal data confidential and use the data only for the purposes for which it has been disclosed to them.


{list item} To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Coopers assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal data held by Cooper about users of our Services is among the assets transferred.


{list item} To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you email us asking us to contact a third party, we may transmit the contents of your email to such third party.


{list item} For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide your information or with your consent when required by applicable law and regulations.


{list item} If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Cooper, our customers, or others. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.


{removed href} 5. Data Security.


Cooper maintains technical and organizational safeguards to ensure an appropriate level of security and confidentiality for your personal data, in accordance with relevant policies and applicable legislation. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal data, Cooper cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or any information provided by our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, COOPER WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA DUE TO ERRORS IN TRANSMISSION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACTS OF THIRD PARTIES. However, once we receive your transmission, we do our best to ensure its security on our systems by making reasonable efforts to protect the information.


DEALER NUMBERS: Dealers are assigned Dealer Numbers when they become a registered Cooper dealer. This number gives Dealers access to certain parts of the Site; however, Dealers are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of their Dealer Numbers. Therefore, we recommend that Dealers do not divulge their Dealer Number to anyone unaffiliated with them. Cooper will never ask you for your Dealer Number in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited e-mail. Also remember to close your browser window when you have finished using this Site. This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal data and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place.


{removed href} 6. Your Rights and Choices about Your Personal Data.


We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal data you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:


{number list}.


{list item} COOKIE SETTINGS. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.


{list item} DO NOT TRACK. Currently, we do not alter our data collection and use practices in response to Do Not Track signals.


{list item} TIRE SERVICE REMINDER E-MAILS. If you decide that you no longer wish to receive our tire service e-mail reminders, you may follow the instructions in the last e-mail reminder you received, which will explain how to remove yourself from these e-mailings. Or, you may e-mail Cooper at {removed href} {removed hyperref} and request that the e-mail reminders terminate. The page of the Site where you signed up for the e-mail reminders will also give you the option to unsubscribe from such reminders.


{list item} SURVEYS, SWEEPSTAKES, CONTESTS, OR DRAWINGS. When you participate in a survey, sweepstakes, contest, or drawing, we give you the option of receiving communications from us and our partners. To opt out of receiving such communications, you should check the appropriate boxes on each form.


{list item} PROMOTIONAL OFFERS AND OTHER E-MAILS. You may opt-out of receiving commercial e-mails for our products and Services by following the instructions contained in any of the commercial e-mails. Unsubscribing from one type of communication may not unsubscribe you from another type. Even if you unsubscribe from commercial e-mail messages, we may still e-mail you non-commercial (transactional) e-mails.


{list item} TEXT MESSAGES AND SMS. To opt out of text messages, reply STOP to the message you received or contact Cooper as indicated in Section {removed href} 3 to inform us that you no longer wish to receive text messages.


{removed href} 7. For Individuals in the European Union/European Economic Area and Certain Other Jurisdictions.


7. 1 Data Controller.


When this Privacy Policy mentions Cooper Tire, we, our, or us, it refers to the entity that is responsible for the collection and use of your personal data, and is generally the entity that obtains your personal data in the respective case. This entity also is referred to as the Controller. For Individuals accessing our Services in the EU EEA or the United Kingdom (UK), the controller of your personal data is Cooper Tire Europe Limited.


7. 2 Cross-Border Transfers of Personal Data.


The personal data that Cooper collects from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA) or the UK. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA or the UK who work for us or other entities acting as data processors processing data on behalf of us. This includes staff engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your request or order and the provision of support services. If you reside in a country outside the United States, please note that the data protection and privacy laws of the United States may not be as protective as the laws in your country. The Company has implemented international data transfer agreements on the basis of EU Standard Contractual Clauses in order to provide appropriate and suitable safeguards for personal data being transferred to countries outside the EEA or the UK where an adequate level of protection is not already guaranteed. A copy can be obtained by contacting Coopers Data Privacy Coordinator at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and subject to appropriate safeguards in accordance with this policy and applicable legislation.


7. 3 Data Retention.


Unless otherwise required by law, Cooper retains personal data about you only for long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed. Cooper will erase your personal data when it is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected; when you withdraw your consent (where lawfulness of processing was based on your consent) and there is no other legal ground for the processing; when you object to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing; and when it is necessary to comply with legal obligations.


7. 4 Your Data Subject Rights.


You may at any time exercise certain rights you may have under applicable law and regulation, including the following rights:


{number list}.


{list item} The right to request access to your personal data, which includes the right to obtain confirmation from us as to whether or not personal data concerning you is being processed, and where that is the case, access to the personal data and information related to how it is processed.


{list item} The right to rectification or erasure of your personal data, which includes the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement, certain rights to request us to erase your personal data without undue delay.


{list item} The right to restrict or object to processing concerning your personal data, which includes restricting us from continuing to process your personal data under certain circumstances (e. g., where you contest the accuracy of your personal data, processing is unlawful, your personal data is no longer needed for the purposes of processing, or you have otherwise objected to processing related to automated individual decision-making).


{list item} The right to data portability, which includes certain rights to have your personal data transmitted from us to another controller.


{list item} Where data processing is based on your consent, the right to withdraw consent at any time.


{list item} The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.


{list item} Any requests related to the above rights may be made by filling out a {removed href} Request Form.


{removed href} 8. For California Residents.


The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) entitles California residents to additional disclosures about Coopers privacy practices involving personal information and other privacy rights.


8. 1 Notice of Collection.


Cooper collects the following categories of personal information about consumers:


{number list}.


{list item} Identifiers (e. g, name, contact information, social media account, license plate number and state, Vehicle Identification Number (VIN), tire identification number, Dealer Number).


{list item} Characteristics of Protected Classifications under California or Federal Law (e. g., gender, race/ethnicity, disability, veteran status).


{list item} Commercial Information (e. g., products or services obtained from Cooper, vehicle details, current tire brand, purchasing preferences, interests, or tendencies).


{list item} Internet/Network Activity (e. g., IP address, device, browser, and operating system information, unique identifiers, browsing activity and interactions on our Site and others, search history).


{list item} Geolocation Data (approximate location).


{list item} Audio and Electronic Information (e. g., call recordings and chat transcripts for quality assurance and training purposes).


{list item} Professional/Employment-Related Information (e. g., resume, curriculum vitae (CV), employment history, job preferences).


{list item} Education Information (e. g., school transcripts, educational records).


{list item} Inferences about Your Demographics, Interests, and Other Characteristics (e. g., combining personal information about consumers from multiple sources).


We collect these categories of personal information for the following business or commercial purposes: to market, sell, and carry out promotions for our products and Services; to provide tire-related service reminders and other informational material; to provide personalized and interactive advertising, marketing, and services; to fulfill our obligations under a contract with you; to improve our Site, Services, and products; to conduct market research studies; to carry out surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or drawings; to provide quality customer service; to process your job application; to keep our Site and business safe and secure; to comply with a legal obligation, including to contact you in the event of a tire recall; and to give registered Cooper dealers access to specific services on the Site.


8. 2 California Privacy Disclosures.


In the past 12 months, Cooper has collected certain categories of personal information about consumers and disclosed for a business purpose or sold some of the categories of personal information. The following chart identifies the categories of personal information that Cooper has collected, and the categories of third parties to whom Cooper has disclosed or sold the information.


CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED CATEGORIES OF THIRD PARTIES IDENTIFIERS Authorized Cooper dealers.


Cooper Tire retailers.


Companies co-sponsoring or administering Cooper sweepstakes, contests, or drawings.


Technology and communications providers.


Government entities.


Social media companies.


Data storage and hosting providers.


Government entities.


Cooper Tire affiliates.


Marketing and advertising companies.


Advertising networks.


Data and analytics providers CHARACTERISTICS OF PROTECTED CLASSIFICATIONS UNDER CALIFORNIA OR FEDERAL LAW Authorized Cooper dealers.


Cooper Tire retailers.


Companies co-sponsoring or administering Cooper sweepstakes, contests, or drawings.


Data storage and hosting providers.


Government entities.


Cooper Tire affiliates.


Data and analytics providers.


Marketing and advertising companies.


Advertising networks COMMERCIAL INFORMATION Authorized Cooper dealers.


Cooper Tire retailers.


Companies co-sponsoring or administering Cooper sweepstakes, contests, or drawings.


Data storage and hosting providers.


Cooper Tire affiliates.


Data and analytics providers.


Marketing and advertising companies.


Advertising networks INTERNET/NETWORK ACTIVITY Technology and communications providers.


Internet service providers.


Security and fraud prevention consultants GEOLOCATION DATA Authorized Cooper dealers.


Cooper Tire retailers.


Technology and communications providers.


Data and analytics providers.


Advertising networks AUDIO AND ELECTRONIC INFORMATION Technology and communications providers PROFESSIONAL/ EMPLOYMENT-RELATED INFORMATION Data storage and hosting providers EDUCATION INFORMATION Data storage and hosting providers INFERENCES ABOUT YOUR DEMOGRAPHICS, INTERESTS, AND OTHER CHARACTERISTICS Technology and communications providers.


Data and analytics providers.


Advertising networks.


8. 3 California Privacy Rights.


If you are a California resident, California law gives you certain rights concerning your personal data. You have the right to.


{number list}.


{list item} Request that we disclose what personal data we collect, use, disclose, and sell, including the right to request that we provide to you the specific pieces of personal data we have collected about you in the prior 12 months (right to know).


{list item} Request the deletion of your personal data collected or maintained by us. We may not be able to fulfill your request if we (or our service providers) are required to retain your personal data for one or more of the following reasons:


{number list}.


{list item} Transactional: to complete a transaction for which the personal data was collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or perform a contract we have with you;


{list item} Security: to detect data security incidents;


{list item} Error Correction: to debug or repair any errors;


{list item} Legal: to protect against fraud or illegal activity or to comply with applicable law or a legal obligation, or exercise rights under the law, such as the right to free speech; or.


{list item} Internal Use: to use your personal data, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information (i. e. to improve our services).


{list item} Request not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA.


{list item} Request to opt-out of the sale of your personal information.


How to Exercise Your Rights.


To make any such request, you or your authorized agent may:


{number list}.


{list item} Call us at 1-833-729-0090 (toll free).


{list item} Submit the request using our {removed href} Request Form on our Site.


Before we can fulfill your request, we need to verify your identity or your agents authority to make the request and confirm the personal data relates to you.


Only you or your authorized agent acting on your behalf have the ability to make a request related to your personal data. If you personally make the request, Cooper will require you to provide us with certain information in order to verify that you are the person about whom we have information.


If you have an authorized agent who makes the request, you must submit either (i) proof of power of attorney or (ii) a written and signed declaration or affidavit demonstrating that your agent has the authority to act on your behalf, along with information from you to verify your identity through the ordinary verification process.


Please note that if we cannot verify your identity, we are not obligated to fulfill your request.


Once we have verified your identity, we will fulfill your request.


If you have submitted a request to know, we may give you specific pieces of personal data we collected about you and provide you with an individualized response about how we have collected, used, and disclosed your personal information. For the specific pieces of personal data, we will provide such information electronically (or, if you are unable to receive such information electronically, by mail at your request) in a readily useable format that allows you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.


Notice of the Right to Opt Out of Sale.


You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information, as defined in the CCPA. The term sale is defined broadly under the California Consumer Privacy Act. Cooper discloses some personal information to third parties that may constitute a sale within the meaning of the CCPA.


To the extent that sale under the CCPA is interpreted to include interest-based advertising or other data uses described in the Personal Data We Collect Automatically Using Tracking Technologies Section {removed href} 1. 2 above, we will comply with applicable law as to those activities.


To stop receiving interest-based advertising and other similar uses, you can adjust your privacy settings, or the general privacy settings link located at the footer of our homepage and most pages of the website. For additional information, follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the Help, Tools or Edit settings) or visit {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


You can also follow the instructions for submitting an opt out request at the following link. DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION.


{removed href} 9. For Individuals in the Republic of Serbia.


If you are a resident of the Republic of Serbia, you may at any time exercise certain rights you may have under applicable law and regulation, including the following rights:


{number list}.


{list item} The right to request access to your personal data, which includes the right to obtain confirmation from us as to whether or not personal data concerning you is being processed, and where that is the case, access to the personal data and information related to how it is processed.


{list item} The right to rectification, supplement or erasure of your personal data, which includes the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement, certain rights to request us to erase your personal data without undue delay.


{list item} The right to restrict or object to processing concerning your personal data.


{list item} The right to data portability, which includes certain rights to have your personal data transmitted from us to another controller.


{list item} The right to be notified on rectification or erasure of your personal data, restriction on processing as well on data breach.


{list item} Where data processing is based on your consent, the right to withdraw consent at any time, which withdrawal would not influence data processing of your personal data to the moment when such withdrawal was given.


{list item} Right to be informed whether the provision of personal data is a statutory or contractual obligation, or the provision of personal data is a requirement necessary to conclude a contract, as well as on whether or not the data subject is under the obligation to give the personal data and of the possible consequences of failure to provide the data.


{list item} The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, i. e., with the Serbian Commissioner for Information of Public Importance and Personal Data Protection, Bulevar kralja Aleksandra 15, Belgrade, Serbia, email: {removed hyperref}.


Any requests related to the above rights may be made by filling out a {removed href} Request Form.


We do not use automated decisions, including profiling, within the meaning of the Serbian Personal Data Protection Law..


{removed href} 10. Third-Party Websites and Services.


10. 1 Links to Other Sites.


Our Site may contain links or references to other websites outside of our control. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply to these websites. Cooper encourages you to read the privacy statements and terms and conditions of linked or referenced websites you visit. These third-party websites may have their own cookies and tracking devices, log your IP address, and otherwise collect or solicit personal data. COOPER DOES NOT CONTROL AND IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR WHAT THIRD PARTIES DO IN CONNECTION WITH THEIR WEBSITES, OR HOW THEY HANDLE YOUR PERSONAL DATA. PLEASE EXERCISE CAUTION AND CONSULT THE PRIVACY POLICIES POSTED ON EACH THIRD-PARTY WEBSITE FOR FURTHER INFORMATION.


Some of our third-party partners may use framing techniques to serve content to and from webpages accessible through our Site, while preserving the look and feel of our Site. Please be aware that if a third-party partner utilizes framing techniques, you are providing your personal data to this third-party partner and not to Cooper. Therefore, any information you disclose in making a purchase is not covered by Coopers Privacy Policy, and Cooper does not control the privacy practices of such third parties. You should contact these third parties directly with any questions regarding their privacy practices.


10. 2 Third-Party Practices.


We have no control over or responsibility for the privacy practices and media content provided by third parties (e. g., social media services, video streaming) through our Site. If you provide any information to these third parties, different rules may govern the collection and use of your personal information by such third parties. As such, we strongly recommend that you review their privacy policies before providing information to them. You should contact these entities directly if you have any questions about their privacy practices.


{removed href} 11. Age Restrictions.


Our Site is not intended for children under 16 years of age, and Cooper does not knowingly collect or use any personal data from children under the age of 16. No one under the age of 16 may provide any information to or on the Site. If we learn we have collected or received personal data from a child under the age of 16, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 16, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{removed href} 12. Revisions to This Privacy Policy.


We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes we make will be posted on this page. The date this Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Site. We will notify you of material changes to our Privacy Policy by e-mail (if possible and if permitted by law) and through a notice on our Site.


We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes we make will be posted on this page. The date this Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Site. We will notify you of material changes to our Privacy Policy by e-mail (if possible and if permitted by law) and through a notice on our Site.


{removed href} 13. How to Contact Cooper.


Privacy and security is important to us all. We will continually monitor customer feedback and seek to improve our services to meet your needs.


For EU, UK and Serbian residents: Should you have any questions or concerns about this policy and our privacy practices, you may contact our Data Privacy Coordinator at:


Cooper Tire Rubber Company Europe Limited.


Bath Road.


Melksham, Wiltshire, SN12 8AA.


44-122-57-03101.


{removed href} {removed hyperref}.


For everyone else: For all other persons, if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, or your dealings with our Services, or if you would like to provide comments, you can contact us at:


Cooper Tire Rubber Company.


701 Lima Avenue.


Findlay, Ohio 45840.


419-423-1321.


{removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{removed href} Back to Top {removed href}.


Do Not Sell My Personal Information.


When you visit our website, we store cookies on your browser to collect information. The information collected might relate to you, your preferences or your device, and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to and to provide a more personalized web experience. However, you can choose not to allow certain types of cookies, which may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings according to your preference. You cannot opt-out of our First Party Strictly Necessary Cookies as they are deployed in order to ensure the proper functioning of our website (such as prompting the cookie banner and remembering your settings, to log into your account, to redirect you when you log out, etc.). For more information about the First and Third Party Cookies used please follow this link. {removed href} More information Allow All.


Manage Consent Preferences.


Always Active Strictly Necessary Cookies.


These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.


Always Active Sale of Personal Data.


Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalised ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties. Additionally, you may contact our legal department for further clarification about your rights as a California consumer by using this Exercise My Rights link.


If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences.


{number list}.


{list item} Targeting CookiesAlways Active These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.


{number list}.


{list item} Performance CookiesAlways Active These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.


{number list}.


{list item} Social Media CookiesAlways Active These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.


{number list}.


{list item} Functional CookiesAlways Active These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.


Confirm My Choices.


{number list}.


{list item}.


{number list}.


{list item} Namecookie name.


{list item}.


Consent Purposes.


Location Based Ads.


Consent Allowed.


Legitimate Interest Purposes.


Personalize.


{removed href} Require Opt-Out.


Special Purposes.


Location Based Ads.


Features.


Location Based Ads.


Special Features.


Location Based Ads.


Confirm My Choices.


