


Privacy Policy.


Privacy Policy.


{number list}.


{list item} We dont ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.


{list item} We dont share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.


{list item} We dont store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of our site.


WEBSITE VISITORS.


Like most website operators, VR Cover collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Our purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how visitors use the website.


VR Cover also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users. VR Cover only discloses logged in user IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.


GATHERING OF PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION.


Certain visitors to VR Covers websites choose to interact with VR Cover in ways that require VR Cover to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that VR Cover gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, for purchases we require personal information such as your name, an address and phone number to make the delivery of goods possible. Those who wish to receive updates via email, we collect their emails. In each case, VR Cover collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitors interaction with VR Cover. VR Cover does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.


AGGREGATED STATISTICS.


VR Cover may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, we may monitor the most popular pages on our site or use spam screened by the Akismet service to help identify spam. VR Cover may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, VR Cover does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.


PROTECTION OF CERTAIN PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION.


VR Cover discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on VR Covers behalf or to provide services available at VR Covers website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using VR Covers website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. VR Cover will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, VR Cover discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when VR Cover believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of VR Cover, third parties or the public at large. If you have signed up to the VR Cover newsletter and have supplied your email address, VR Cover may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new products, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with whats going on in the VR world. VR Cover takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.


APIS.


Its necessary for us to use some APIs (Application Programming Interface) in order to process orders through the website, this includes processing payment and fulfilling an order. For payment you have a choice between:


2CHECKOUT Whose privacy policy can be found here: {removed hyperref}.


PAYPAL Whose privacy policy can be found here: {removed hyperref}.


For orders of certain products to certain destinations we may also use a third party fulfilment service to ensure your package arrives as fast as possible. As such, some of your data must be shared with them to make this possible. We currently use the following:


EASYPOST Whose privacy policy can be found here {removed hyperref}. html.


COOKIES.


A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitors computer, and that the visitors browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. VR Cover uses cookies to help identify and track visitors, their usage of the website, and their website access preferences. VR Cover visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using VR Covers website.


BUSINESS TRANSFERS.


If VR Cover, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that VR Cover goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of VR Cover may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.


ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS SERVICES.


We engage third parties to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and to provide analytics services about the performance of those advertisements. These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Website and other websites, such as your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, date and time of each visitor request, referring site, browser type, language preference, links clicked and conversion information. The information may be used by us and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our website and other websites and better understand your online activity. We may also work with third parties to serve ads to you as part of a customized campaign on other websites or platforms.


In addition, many web browsers support Do Not Track technology. Our systems do not respond to Do Not Track signals. Nonetheless, if you enable Do Not Track and it is recognized by our systems, VR Cover will not use information about your web viewing activities to tailor your online experience on the Website. Note, however, that our third party advertising providers may continue to use information about your web viewing activities to tailor advertising to your interests across different websites even when you have Do Not Track enabled in your browser. For more information about Internet-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit {removed href} {removed hyperref} and {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


YOUR CHOICES.


We want to communicate with you in the ways that you want to hear from us. If you no longer want to receive marketing messages from us, you can contact us via the {removed href} contact form, or by clicking on the appropriate link at the bottom of our marketing emails. Please allow sufficient time for your preferences to be processed.


HOW TO ACCESS, UPDATE AND REMOVE YOUR INFORMATION.


VR Cover takes reasonable steps to keep your personal information accurate and complete. You can access, update and/or remove your personal information, including contact or account information, by contacting us via the {removed href} contact form.


HOW WE SECURE YOUR INFORMATION.


Securing your information is important to VR Cover. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of information transmitted to us. However, no data transmission over the Internet or other network can be guaranteed to be 100 secure. As a result, while we strive to protect information transmitted on or through the Website, we cannot and do not guarantee the security of any information you transmit on or through the Website, and you do so at your own risk.


PRIVACY OF CHILDREN ONLINE.


We are committed to protecting childrens online privacy. In order to protect the privacy of children, VR Cover does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18 without prior parental consent. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a child under the age of 18, we will delete such information from our records.


PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES.


Although most changes are likely to be minor, VR Cover may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in VR Covers sole discretion. We encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.


CONTACT US.


If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please {removed href} CONTACT US.


COOKIES POLICY.


IMPORTANT NOTICE: PLEASE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE: This Website uses cookies to store information on your computer. This policy explains how we use cookies and may be amended, from time to time, without notice. To ensure that you are using this Website with full and up-to-date information of how we use cookies please review this policy regularly as any amended policy will be updated on the site. By using this Website you agree to the placement of cookies on your computer and/or mobile device(s) in accordance with the terms of this policy. If you do not wish to accept cookies from this Website please either disable cookies or refrain from using this Website.


1. WHAT ARE COOKIES?


A cookie is a text-only string of information that this Website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computers hard disk so that this Website can recognise you when you revisit and remember certain information about you. This can include which pages you have visited, choices you have made from menus, any specific information you have entered into forms and the time and date of your visit.


2. TYPES OF COOKIES.


There are two main types of cookies:


{number list}.


{list item} Session cookies: these are temporary cookies that expire at the end of a browser session; that is, when you leave the site. Session cookies allow this Website to recognise you as you navigate between pages during a single browser session and allow you to use this Website most efficiently. For example, session cookies enable a website to remember that a user has placed items in an online shopping basket.


{list item} Persistent cookies: in contrast to session cookies, persistent cookies are stored on your equipment between browsing sessions until expiry or deletion. They therefore enable this Website to recognise you on your return remember your preferences and tailor services to you.


In addition to session cookies and persistent cookies, there may be other cookies which are set by this Website which you have chosen to visit, such as this Website, in order to provide us or third parties with information.


3. OUR USE OF COOKIES.


We currently use, and may use in the future, the following types of cookies on this Website.


We use session cookies to:


{number list}.


{list item} help us maintain security and verify your details whilst you use this Website as you navigate from page to page, which enables you to avoid having to re-enter your details each time you enter a new page.


We use persistent cookies to:


{number list}.


{list item} help us recognise you as a unique user when you return to our Website so that you do not have to input your details multiple times as you move between our pages or services.


{list item} remember how you have customised your use of this Website, such as your preferred currency and time zone.


{list item} collect and compile anonymous, aggregated information for statistical and evaluation purposes to help us understand how users use this Website and help us improve the structure of our Website.


Many cookies are designed to give you optimal usage of the web. For example, we use cookies to enable you to improve your user experience when using our Website, e. g. a cookie which recognises if your browser supports specific technology features. This helps, for example, in enabling web pages to be loaded more quickly when you request the download of a large file.


In addition to cookies which send information to us, we also use cookies which collect information and send it to third parties. An example of this is Google Analytics. Please check the relevant third party website for more information about their use of cookies. Where this Website allows such cookies to be set or you access other websites from this Website using the links provided, the operators of these websites will use cookies in accordance with their own cookies policy, which may differ from ours.


As with third party cookies, you are able to block third party cookies through your browser settings.


Some of our cookies may collect and store your personal information, such as your name or email address. We are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy and will ensure that all personal information collected by us is kept and treated in accordance with our privacy policy. A link to this policy is available within the footer of this portal or alternatively at our Website.


4. REFUSING COOKIES ON THIS WEBSITE.


Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. However, you have the ability to disable cookies if you wish, generally through changing your internet software browsing settings. It may also be possible to configure your browser settings to enable acceptance of specific cookies or to notify you each time a new cookie is about to be stored on your computer enabling you to decide whether to accept or reject the cookie. To manage your use of cookies there are various resources available to you, for example the Help section on your browser may assist you. You can also disable or delete the stored data used by technology similar to cookies, such as Local Shared Objects or Flash cookies, by managing your browsers add-on settings or visiting this Website of its manufacturer. As our cookies allow you to access some of our Websites essential features we recommend that you leave cookies enabled, otherwise, if cookies are disabled, it may mean that you experience reduced functionality or will be prevented from using this Website altogether.


CDN.


Required For performance and security reasons, we use Cloudflare and MaxCDN as our CDN networks.


Vimeo.


Required Our videos are hosted on Vimeo and served on our website.


Google Analytics.


Required We use Google Analytics and other Google services to better understand what happens on our website.


