


PRIVACY POLICY.


These guidelines and privacy policy are specific to websites managed by Hisense USA Corporation and its parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates (collectively referred to as Hisense, We or Us). The guidelines and privacy policy are effective as of January 1 2020, and apply to information gathered by Hisense through these websites and other means.


Hisense maintains privacy policies to safeguard personal information and communications from unauthorized intrusions. By personal information, we mean any personal information that reasonably relates to or identifies you, such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and information about activities (online or otherwise) that is directly linked to your information.


HOW AND WHY HISENSE COLLECTS YOUR INFORMATION RELATED TO THE WEBSITE.


Here is the summary of our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information:


1) Types of Personal Information Collected: Identifiers (e. g., name, e-mail, postal address, and phone number).


Source of the Personal Information: Information that you provide directly to us through or is automatically collected by the website.


Purpose for Collection and Use: To create and inform you of products, content and services that better meet your needs; to notify you of announcements, upcoming promotions and events; for billing purposes; for warranty and service purposes; to anticipate and/or resolve problems with your products or service; and to provide referrals to our retailers for further follow-up for services or products that We think may be of interest to you.


Information Disclosed for a Business or Commercial Purpose: Yes.


Categories of Third Parties (Which Does Not Include Service Providers) with whom the Personal Information is Shared: None.


2) Types of Personal Information Collected: Demographic information.


Source of the Personal Information: Information that you provide directly to us through or is automatically collected by the website.


Purpose for Collection and Use: To create and inform you of products, content and services that better meet your needs; to notify you of announcements, upcoming promotions and events; for billing purposes; for warranty and service purposes; to anticipate and/or resolve problems with your products or service; and to provide referrals to our retailers for further follow-up for services or products that We think may be of interest to you.


Information Disclosed for a Business or Commercial Purpose: Yes.


Categories of Third Parties (Which Does Not Include Service Providers) with whom the Personal Information is Shared: Third party web tracking providers.


3) Types of Personal Information Collected: Geolocation information.


Source of the Personal Information: Information that you provide directly to us through or is automatically collected by the website.


Purpose for Collection and Use: To create and inform you of products, content and services that better meet your needs; to notify you of announcements, upcoming promotions and events; for billing purposes; for warranty and service purposes; to anticipate and/or resolve problems with your products or service; and to provide referrals to our retailers for further follow-up for services or products that We think may be of interest to you.


Information Disclosed for a Business or Commercial Purpose: Yes.


Categories of Third Parties (Which Does Not Include Service Providers) with whom the Personal Information is Shared: Third party web tracking providers.


4) Types of Personal Information Collected: Commercial information (e. g., purchase history).


Source of the Personal Information: Information that you provide directly to us through or is automatically collected by the website.


Purpose for Collection and Use: To create and inform you of products, content and services that better meet your needs; to notify you of announcements, upcoming promotions and events; for billing purposes; for warranty and service purposes; to anticipate and/or resolve problems with your products or service; and to provide referrals to our retailers for further follow-up for services or products that We think may be of interest to you.


Information Disclosed for a Business or Commercial Purpose: Yes.


Categories of Third Parties (Which Does Not Include Service Providers) with whom the Personal Information is Shared: None.


5) Types of Personal Information Collected: Browsing activity, device information, and usage details.


Source of the Personal Information: Information that you provide directly to us through or is automatically collected by the website.


Purpose for Collection and Use: To create and inform you of products, content and services that better meet your needs; to notify you of announcements, upcoming promotions and events; for billing purposes; for warranty and service purposes; to anticipate and/or resolve problems with your products or service; and to provide referrals to our retailers for further follow-up for services or products that We think may be of interest to you.


Information Disclosed for a Business or Commercial Purpose: Yes.


At certain times we will request personal information from you in order to complete online registration forms, product or service information or when giving comments or feedback on the site. Our online forms will ask for limited personal information to ensure we are able to complete your request and respond accordingly. Any information collected from these forms will only be used for the purposes specified unless otherwise mentioned.


As you navigate through our website, we may need to collect personal information from you in order to provide you with services tailored to your needs.


{number list}.


{list item} Hisense will not disclose any personal information collected from your activities on any Hisense online service except to Hisense authorized agents, service providers, retailers and marketing partners.


{list item} When Hisense uses agents and service providers (such as contractors or third party companies) to perform services on Hisenses behalf, or provides your information to Hisenses retailers or marketing partners, We will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the contractors and third party companies protects your personal information in a manner consistent with this Policy.


You may choose not to receive any marketing communications from Hisense in connection with our online services. You may also tell Us how you would like to be contacted in connection with information you provided to Us via our online services. If you notify Us that you do not want to receive any marketing information, We:


{number list}.


{list item} will not contact you directly with marketing messages in connection with Hisense online services;


{list item} will not disclose your information to others.


To inform Us of your preferred method of communication or to indicate that you do or do not wish to receive communications from Hisense, Hisense retailers or our marketing partners in connection with information you provided on this site, you can opt out by following the link provided from any Hisense marketing or promotional email.


Personal information that a visitor volunteers at one of the Hisense websites will be protected just as if the information had been provided under more traditional ways of ordering that product or service.


Hisense will use commercially reasonable efforts to insure that your personal information will be kept secure, and We will continue to enhance our security procedures as new technology becomes available.


Hisense will use commercially reasonable efforts to assure that your e-mail will be kept private. Hisense will not read or disclose to those parties not affiliated with Hisense, private e-mail communications that are transmitted using Hisense services, except as required to operate the service or as otherwise required by law.


Hisense will respond to improper conduct. Hisense may use personal information to investigate and help prevent potentially unlawful activity or activity that threatens the company or otherwise violates the customer agreement for any products or services that Hisense provides.


We may use session log data and/or cookies combined with anonymous user data (and personal data if you provide it) to track user movement and behavior within and across this website and products. We may use this information to help Us, or our authorized agents, service providers, retailers and marketing partners, to offer to you products and services that may better serve your needs, and to perform website and/or user analytics. We may supply this information to a third party services or analytics providers to perform the services or analysis for Us and to provide the results to Us under the terms of a contract that requires the third party services or analytics provider follow all laws and regulations. We use the information and the analytic results to improve our website and products, the users experience, and to provide you with content and services that better meet your needs.


HOW HISENSE USES AND SHARED PERSONAL INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH SMARTTVS.


In connection with our connected devices, subject to the Device availability, we collect and use information such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, and home or work telephone number, audio information in connection with the Automated Content Recognition service (ACR) and cookie data. We use that information to deliver products and services, analyze programming and application usage data; analyze programming and application usage; internal record keeping; for our own and our business partners marketing; and to provide customer support.


CHANGES IN PRACTICES.


Hisense will keep its privacy policy current, and make every effort to promptly update this web page every time there is a change to this policy.


ADDITIONAL PRIVACY PROTECTIONS FOR CHILDREN USING THE INTERNET.


Hisense recognizes that children, including young teens, may not be able to make informed choices about personal information requested online. Accordingly, Hisense does not knowingly target children or teenagers (younger than eighteen years of age) for collection of information online. Hisense does not solicit or collect personal information from children and teenagers under eighteen and does not allow anyone else to do so.


REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.


Warranties and Limitations of Liability information and documents provided on this website are provided as is without any warranty. Hisense makes reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on this website; it does not, however, make any representations as to its accuracy or completeness. Your use of this website is at your own risk. Hisense, its suppliers, distributors, authorized agents, service providers, retailers and marketing partners and the other parties involved in creating and delivering the contents of this website, are not liable for any damages arising from the use of this website.


LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES.


The Hisense website may contain links to third party websites, including websites owned or maintained by authorized Hisense authorized agents, services or analytics providers, retailers and marketing partners. The linked websites are not under the control of Hisense, and Hisense is not responsible for the contents of any linked website or any link contained in a linked website. Hisense is providing these links only as a convenience, and the inclusion of a link does not imply endorsement of the linked website by Hisense.


COPYRIGHTS AND TRADEMARKS.


The materials displayed on this web site, including but not limited to all text, audio, video, images, photographs, illustrations, artwork, animation files and other graphics, and names, logos, trademarks and service marks, are property of Hisense or its parent or affiliated companies or its licensors and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. This site may be displayed, downloaded and/or printed solely for your personal, non-commercial home use, provided that you do not delete or modify any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices. Any other use of the material on this site without the prior written consent of Hisense is strictly prohibited.


PRODUCT INFORMATION.


Product information and photography featured within this web site were as accurate as possible at the time of publication. Subsequent refinements may be evident in the actual product. Prices and specifications are subject to change without notice. Selected accessory items or props shown in the photographs are not part of the product unless specified. Warranty validation varies by product and by country.


NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS.


This site may contain hypertext links to other completely independent web sites. Hisense makes no warranty or representation as to the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of information contained in any hypertext link. The existence of such a link cannot be construed as direct or indirect approval, endorsement or sponsorship of or affiliation with the linked site on the part of Hisense. Persons who use this site to link to other sites acknowledge that they do so at their own risk. The visitor to this site acknowledges and agrees that Hisense has no obligation to review any sites linked to this site and is not responsible in any way for the content of any linked sites.


Hisense reserves the right to modify the information contained on this site at any time without notice. While Hisense makes all reasonable efforts to ensure that all material on this site is correct, accuracy cannot be guaranteed and Hisense does not assume any responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of any information contained on this site. This site and all information and materials contained herein, is provided to you as is without any warranty of any kind.


NO OFFER TO SELL.


The information contained in this site is for information purposes only and in no way constitutes an offer to buy or sell Hisense. The purchase of any Hisense product shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable sale or retail contract. The MSRPs (Manufactures Suggested Retail Price) listed on this site excludes tax, options, and freight. Actual retailer prices may vary, including over time. This site shall not be used or relied upon by you as a substitute for information that is available to you from an authorized Hisense retailer.


CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.


DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS.


This portion of our Privacy Policy advises California residents of rights provided in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and how to effectuate those rights by communicating with us. Please note, we will seek to verify your identity when we receive an individual rights request from you in order to ensure the security of your personal information.


Please direct any rights requests (as further described below) or additional questions you may have regarding this Privacy Policy to:


HISENSE USA Corporation.


ATTN: Customer Service Director.


7310 McGinnis Ferry Road, Suwanee, GA, 30024.


Phone: 1-678-318-9060.


Fax: 1-678-318-9079.


Email: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


If you do, we will need to collect personal information and other information such as your name, email or transaction history in order to verify your identity. You may also authorize an agent to make a request on your behalf, who will need to provide similar information for verification.


RIGHT TO DELETION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.


California residents have the right to request the deletion of personal information as prescribed in Section 1798. 105(a) of the CCPA. We may not delete some or all requested personal information as allowed or required by applicable law.


RIGHT OF ACCESS: RIGHT TO REQUEST DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION COLLECTION AND SHARING PRACTICES.


You may request to receive details about how we collect, use, and share your personal information. Specifically, you may request to receive the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.


You may also request to receive:


{number list}.


{list item} the categories of personal information that we have collected about you,


{list item} the categories of personal information that we have disclosed for a business purpose,


{list item} the categories of sources from which we collected the personal information,


{list item} our purposes for collecting that personal information, and.


{list item} the categories of parties with whom we share your personal information.


RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF SALE.


If you would like to opt-out of the sale of your information, please click {REMOVED HREF} DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION.


RIGHT TO NOT BE DISCRIMINATED AGAINST FOR EXERCISING CCPA RIGHTS.


We do not discriminate against you for exercising any CCPA rights, such as the access and deletion rights described above.


DO NOT TRACK.


We treat the information of everyone who comes to our site in accordance with this Privacy Notice, regardless their Do Not Track setting.


USE THIS SITE AT YOUR OWN RISK.


Entry into this site is at the users risk. By entering this site and/or submitting our online forms, you acknowledge and agree to be bound by all of the legal terms outlined in this Privacy Policy as well as by all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms, you should not use this site. Hisense reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time and without prior notice. By using this web site, you agree in advance to be bound by all terms and conditions. Hisense and the parties involved in creating, producing or delivering this site are not liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, incidental, punitive or any other type of damages, losses, costs or expenses (including but not limited to legal and expert fees) which may arise either as a result of accessing or the inability to access this site. This includes, without limitation, liability for damages or injuries resulting from browsing this site, downloading any materials from it, or from such causes as computer viruses, software or hardware malfunctions, or any other errors, problems, failures or delays in computer operation in general or in network transmission.


CONTACT US.


If you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy statement, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


keyboardarrowup Scroll to Top {removed href} close.


Compare Products.


{removed href} Clear All.


{removed href} Compare.


