


{removed href} MENU {removed href} Skip to content {removed href} Home {removed href} Pelco {removed href} About {removed href} Legal {removed href} Pelco Privacy Policy.


Pelcos Privacy Policy.


THIS PRIVACY NOTICE WAS LAST UPDATED: JUNE 15, 2020.


Data privacy and integrity is important to Pelco, Inc. This Privacy Notice describes the Personal Data that we collect about you as a visitor to Pelcos website, how we use it, with whom we share it, and describes your rights with regard to the Personal Data we have about you. At any time, you can reach out to us at {removed hyperref} with any questions related to your data.


{removed href} Privacy Policy {removed href} Data Collected {removed href} Privacy - California Residents Privacy Policy.


Pelco commits to protect your personal information.


Pelco is committed to protect your privacy and your personal information. We encourage you to read this privacy statement.


This Privacy Statement informs you of our privacy practices and the way your personal information is collected online and how that information is used by us. Pelco strongly supports the fundamental rights to privacy and data Protection as well as compliance with national and international privacy laws.


In the legal and ethical principles, Our Principles of Responsibility, Pelco commits to maintain confidential any personal information and to strictly limit any disclosure in accordance with local laws.


To whom this Privacy statement applies.


Pelco is a global company, with legal entities, business processes, management structures, and technical systems that cross borders. This Privacy Statement applies to all Pelco -owned websites, domains, services, applications, and products.


How we process your personal information?


Pelco respects the privacy rights and interests of each individual, employee, candidate or customer. Pelco will observe the following principles when processing your personal information:


{list item} Processing your personal information fairly and lawfully.


{list item} Collecting your personal information for specified, legitimate purposes and not processing further in ways incompatible with those purposes.


{list item} Collecting your personal information which is relevant to and not excessive for the purposes for which it is collected and used. We may render information anonymous when feasible and appropriate, depending on the nature of the data and the risks associated with the intended uses.


{list item} Maintaining your personal information accurate, and where necessary, kept up-to-date. We will take reasonable steps to rectify or delete Data that is inaccurate or incomplete.


{list item} Keeping your personal information only as long as it is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected and processed.


{list item} Processing your personal information in accordance with the individuals legal rights.


{list item} Taking appropriate technical, physical, and organizational measures to prevent unauthorized access, unlawful processing, and unauthorized or accidental loss, destruction, or damage to personal information.


{list item} Processing your personal information based on the following legal basis:


{list item} You have unambiguously given your consent; or.


{list item} The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract; or.


{list item} The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which Pelco is subject; or.


{list item} The processing is necessary in order to protect the vital interests of the data subject; or.


{list item} The processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller or in a third party to whom the data is disclosed; or.


{list item} The processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Pelco or by the third party or parties to whom the data is disclosed, except where such interests are overridden by the interests for fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject.


Why we collect your personal information?


Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide our customers and other users with superior service and a smooth, efficient and personalized experience while using our site or services. For example, if you purchase products or request information on the sites, we use your personal information to fill your order or provide the requested information.


Pelco may collect personal Information from you to complete various transactions, such as:


{list item} product or service orders, activations and registrations.


{list item} profile creation.


{list item} information requests.


{list item} marketing or support subscriptions.


{list item} contest entries or survey participation.


{list item} notifications of firmware updates.


What information is collected?


Pelco collects and uses your personal information to better serve you and personalize your experience and interaction. Such collection is done with appropriate notice and consent, along with required filings with data protection authorities, where applicable.


Personal information (or personal data) means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (data subject); an identifiable person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to his physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.


This privacy statement does not cover personal information rendered anonymous or where pseudonyms are used. Data is rendered anonymous if individual persons are no longer identifiable or are identifiable only with a disproportionately large expense in time, cost, or labour. The use of pseudonyms involves the replacement of names or other identifiers with substitutes, so that identification of individual persons is either impossible or at least rendered considerably more difficult. If data rendered anonymous becomes no longer anonymous (i. e., individual persons are again identifiable), or if pseudonyms are used and the pseudonyms allow identification of individual persons, then this privacy statement will again apply.


It is always up to you whether to disclose personal information to us, although if you elect not to do so, we reserve the right not to register you as a user or provide you with any products or services.


The types of personal information we collect from you may include:


{list item} your name, company, email address, phone number, billing address and shipping address.


{list item} customer type, job function, job title, purchasing authority, purchasing timeframe and others.


{list item} product and service preferences, contact preferences, educational and employment background, and job interest data.


{list item} credit card information (where applicable) IP address (see chapter on cookies).


How We Use Your Information.


We gather and use information in a number of ways, including the following:


Browsing and Searching: We collect certain personal Information when you visit the sites or click on the various links for products and services. We collect this information to improve your web user experience for your next visits (ex: country selection), help run the sites more efficiently, to gather broad demographic information, to monitor the level of activity on the sites, and to evaluate the effectiveness of our advertising.


Ordering: We collect Personal Information when you purchase products and services. We collect this information to deliver your order, to obtain payment, and to communicate with you about the status of your order.


Technical support: We may collect certain information when you request technical support for Pelco products. This information is necessary to identify your systems, understand the configuration of the products, diagnose your questions, and provide solutions.


Online surveys and polling: We collect Personal Information from customers who volunteer to complete surveys or participate in polls. We use this information to improve our products and services.


Promotional activities: We collect Personal Information from you when you enter a promotional program or activity. We use this information to administer the program or activity, to send you promotional e-mails, notify winners, and make the winners list publicly available pursuant to applicable regulations and laws.


Newsletters and promotional emails: We collect Personal Information when you ask to receive newsletters, promotional e-mails, and other information. We use this information to provide you the information you request.


Contact information: If you contact us, we keep a record of your correspondence or comments, including Personal Information, in a file specific to you. We use this information to help us provide you better service in the event you contact us again.


We may keep your information for a reasonable period for the purposes set out above.


How do we use your information for marketing?


To inform you, by letter, fax, phone, SMS and email about promotions, news and new products that we think may be of interest to you. By providing us with your information you consent to being contacted by these methods for these purposes. If you do not wish to receive marketing information from us please indicate this where requested on the registration or request form.


What we do with your personal data.


If you do provide personal information to us, either directly or through a reseller or other business partner, we will:


{list item} not sell or rent it to a third party without your permission although unless you optin, we may use your contact information to provide you with information we believe you need to know or may find useful, such as (for example) news about our services and products and modifications to the Terms of Service;


{list item} take commercially reasonable precautions to protect the information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction;


{list item} not use or disclose the information except:


as necessary to provide services or products you have ordered, such as (for example) by providing it to a carrier to deliver products you have ordered;


{list item} in other ways described in this privacy policy or to which you have otherwise consented;


in the aggregate with other information in such a way so that your identity cannot reasonably be determined (for example, statistical compilations);


{list item} as required by law, for example, in response to a subpoena or search warrant;


{list item} to outside auditors who have agreed to keep the information confidential;


{list item} as necessary to enforce the Terms of Service;


{list item} as necessary to protect the rights, safety, or property of Pelco, its users, or others; this may include (for example) exchanging information with other organizations for fraud protection and/or risk reduction.


How we protect your information.


Pelco and its subsidiaries are committed to taking appropriate technical, physical, and organizational measures to protect its Employees and Customers Personal Data against unauthorized access, unlawful processing, accidental loss or damage, and unauthorized destruction.


We offer the use of a secure server to enable you to place orders or access your account information. This encrypts your information before it is sent to us. We also take appropriate measures to ensure that the information disclosed to us is kept secure, accurate and up to date and kept only for so long as is necessary for the purposes for which it is used.


We limit access to our internal systems that hold Personal Data to a selected group of authorized users who are given access to such systems through the use of a unique identifier and password. Access to Personal Data is limited to and provided to individuals for the purpose of performing their job duties.


Our Third-Party Access Policy defines the rules regarding the access types to be granted to the third parties, according to their needs and the security level to be ensured. This policy is applicable to all third parties requiring access to systems, applications, network devices and services and aims at limiting the risks of unauthorized access to Pelco Information systems by ensuring limited accesses to the specific needs.


However, we cannot guarantee the security of any data you provide to us and you accept the inherent risks of on-line correspondence and purchases over the internet. Any purchases made by you via the Sites are subject to the terms and conditions contained on the Sites.


Links to third-party websites.


Pelco sites or services may provide links to third-party applications, products, services, or websites for your convenience and information. If you access those links, you will leave the Pelco site. Pelco does not control those third-party sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from Pelcos practices. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party sites. The personal information you choose to provide to or that is collected by these third parties is not covered by the Pelco Privacy Statement. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any site you interact with before allowing the collection and use of your personal information.


We may also provide social media links that enable you to share information with your social networks and to interact with Pelco on various social media sites. Your use of these links may result in the collection or sharing of information about you, depending on the feature. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the social media sites with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those sites.


If you post, comment, indicate interest, or share personal information, including photographs, to any public forum, social network, blog, or other such forum, please be aware that any personal information you submit can be read, viewed, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to contact you, send you unsolicited messages, or for purposes that neither you nor Pelco have control over Pelco is not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these forums.


Your rights to access and erasure.


Your rights under the GDPR include, the right to access a copy of your Personal Information, the right to request the correction or the update of any inaccurate Personal Information and the right to object to the processing of your Personal Information under the conditions set out in applicable law.


You also have the right to request the erasure of your Personal Information and, where you have consented to the processing of your Personal Information, you have the right to withdraw such consent at any time (without this withdrawal affecting the lawfulness of the processing prior to such withdrawal). In addition, you also have the right to data portability in certain cases. This is the right to request the return of the Personal Information you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to request the transmission of such Personal Information to a third party, without hindrance from us and subject to your own confidentiality obligations.


If you wish to exercise any of the above rights please contact us using the information below.


Pelco Privacy.


625 W. Alluvial Way.


Fresno, CA 93711.


559-292-1981.


800-289-9100.


{removed hyperref}.


If you are not satisfied with how we process your Personal Information, you may contact us using any of the communication means listed above or alternatively you may file a complaint with the competent supervisory authority, in addition to your rights outlined above.


Change in this privacy statement.


Pelco reserves the right to modify this privacy statement as needed, for example, to comply with changes in laws, regulations, Pelco practices and procedures, or requirements imposed by data protection authorities.


In this case, Pelco will inform Pelco candidates, Customers and other persons of any material changes in this privacy statement. Pelco will post all changes on relevant internal and external websites.


This statement and the policies referred herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights.


LAST UPDATE: 15 JUNE, 2020.


Data Collected.


DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND OTHER INFORMATION.


Pelco is not in the business of selling your information, and we do not sell our customer lists or any Personal Data you have disclosed to us to third parties. We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. We may, however, disclose information to certain third parties if you consent to us doing so, as well as in the following specific circumstances:


COOKIES.


A cookie is a piece of information in the form of a very small text file that is placed on an internet users hard drive. It is generated by a web page server, which is basically the computer that operates a web site. The information the cookie contains is set by the server and it can be used by that server whenever the user visits the site. A cookie can be thought of as an internet users identification card, which tell a web site when the user has returned. (Source: {removed hyperref}).


Using cookies enables us to provide you with certain features and provides us with information regarding website visits. We may use cookies also to allow us to make the sites more user friendly. Most browsers automatically accept cookies but you do not have to accept them. You can usually change your browser to prevent acceptance and you should still be able to enjoy most of the features on the sites.


If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer or to stop cookies being accepted in future you should refer to your browser manufacturers instructions by clicking Help in your browser menu. More information is available at {removed hyperref}.


Third party cookies for analytics purpose.


In order to provide our visitors with a better service, we measure the number of page views, the number of visits, the different actions performed by visitors on our site, the geo-location of our visitors and the number of times visitors return to our site. For this purpose, we use two web analytics software tools: Analyzer and Google Analytics as well as the Marketo Munchkin Cookie.


Analyzer information (AT Internet - {removed hyperref}).


As far as AT Internet is concerned cookies are used to carry out relevant and detailed statistical research. The cookie is used in addition to the JavaScript tag, and thanks to the use of cookies it becomes possible to refine the analyses of JavaScript tags, and they also enable AT Internet customers to recognise visitors each time they visit their site. These cookies store information relating to only one AT Internet user ID, and under no circumstances is this information used to collect personal data on the visitors.


All of the results which are obtained are then compiled, and are completely anonymous. The results provide information on the navigation and behaviour of Internet users on the websites of AT Internet customers, information such as: the number of visitors, the number of visits, the number of page viewed and other information that is necessary for the effective measurement of Internet user interests. With these results it is then possible to improve the ergonomics and content of such websites.


Please visit {removed href} {removed hyperref}/ in order to check your access rights, right to reply and right to remove data.


Google Analytics information.


This website uses as well Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (Google). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.


In case IP-anonymization is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated within the area of Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases the whole IP address will be first transferred to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. The IP-anonymization is active on this website.


Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing them other services relating to website activity and internet usage.


The IP-address that your Browser conveys within the scope of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics with effect for the future by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for your current web browser: {removed hyperref}? hlen.


Marketo Munchkin Cookie.


We use third party marketing software from a company called Marketo to send our emails. We use cookies as part of tracking so we have information on email open rates and click through rates. We also track activity on the website. For example, visitors can download marketing white papers from the site and we use Marketo cookies to see who does this and if they then visit other parts of our website. For more information on Marketos privacy and cookie policy, please visit Marketo privacy policy: {removed hyperref}.


How does it work?


We embed a Munchkin Javascript snippet on your sites. When visitors come to a site, we place a cookie in the visitors web browser (if there wasnt already one) and send messages to our servers about that visitors web activity.


This behavior is very functional, very similar to other web tracking scripts such as Google Analytics.


Our cookie is a 1st party cookie, and only visible for us.


What does Munchkin Capture?


When on a page, Munchkin automatically gathers the following information:


Page Visits.


Link Clicks.


IP Address.


Referrer.


Our cookie ID.


If you wish to exercise any of your data privacy rights please contact us using the information below.


Pelco Privacy.


625 W. Alluvial Way.


Fresno, CA 93711.


559-292-1981.


800-289-9100.


{removed hyperref}.


Salesforce.


Salesforce provides a set of tools for Customer Relationship Management (including Pardot). Pardot is a cookie based solution that collects page visit behaviors and IP address Pardot saves all the information a user inputs into a form and associates it with a cookie for use later as well as tying the visitor tracking. Pardot by itself isnt collecting Personal Data but associates the cookie with form data that we store for Customers. Salesforce is provided with customer name, address, email address, phone number and customer needs in order to move the sales forward and maintain the relationship with the customer and potential customers. Salesforce is self-certified under the EU-U. S. and Swiss-US Privacy Shield and data transfers and protection are subject to a Data Processing Addendum and Binding Corporate Rules. Processing takes place in the United States. For more information on Salesforces privacy practices please read their privacy policy.


Netsuite.


NetSuite, a subsidiary of Oracle, operates enterprise resource planning platform that is used by Mimosa to assist it with planning use of Mimosa resources based on leads and sales of its channel partners. Mimosa and its channel partners share customer and potential customer name, address, email address, phone number and needs with NetSuites platform. NetSuite is self-certified under the EU-U. S. and Swiss-US Privacy Shield and data transfers and protection are subject to a Data Processing Addendum. Processing takes place in the United States. NetSuites privacy policy can be found here.


Privacy - California Residents.


This PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS supplements the information contained in the Privacy Notice of Pelco and its subsidiaries (collectively, we, us, or our) and applies solely to visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (consumers or you) when you visit the Pelco website or provide contact information to receive Pelco services (collectively, our Services). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and other California privacy laws. Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.


Information We Collect:


{list item} Identifiers: name, alias, address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name.


{list item} Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statue(Cal. Civ. Code 1798. 80(e)): A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, drivers license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.


{list item} Internet or other similar network activity: browsing history, search history, information on a consumers interaction with our website, applications or advertisements.


{list item} Geolocation data: physical location or movements.


We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (personal information). In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:


We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:


{list item} Directly from our customers, channel partners or their agents. For example, from information our clients provide to us related to the Services for which they engage us.


{list item} Directly from you. For example, through information collected from you when you fill out a contact us form to request information or services.


{list item} Directly and indirectly from you when using our Services or visiting our website. For example, usage details collected automatically in the course of your interaction with our platform or website.


Use of Personal Information.


We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:


{list item} To fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided. For example, to submit this information to our channel partners for the purpose of completing a sale.


{list item} To provide support services for our products, as requested by you.


{list item} To provide you with email alerts, event registrations and other notices concerning our products or Services, or events or news, that may be of interest to you.


{list item} To improve our Services to you.


{list item} To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collections.


{list item} To better understand how users interact with our websites.


{list item} To determine the effectiveness of promotional campaigns.


{list item} For testing, research, analysis and product development.


{list item} As necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our clients or others.


{list item} To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.


{list item} As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.


{list item} To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred.


We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.


Sharing Personal Information.


We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.


In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:


{list item} Category A: Identifiers.


{list item} Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.


{list item} Category D: Commercial information.


We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:


{list item} Our customers, channel partners or their agents for which you have engaged in a business contract.


{list item} Service providers.


{list item} Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with our Services.


In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold any personal information.


Your Rights and Choices.


The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.


Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights.


You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:


The categories of personal information we collected about you.


Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information.


The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.


The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).


Deletion Request Rights.


You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.


We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:


{list item} Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.


{list item} Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.


{list item} Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.


{list item} Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.


{list item} Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code 1546 seq.).


{list item} Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the informations deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the researchs achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.


{list item} Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.


{list item} Comply with a legal obligation.


{list item} Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.


Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights.


To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by email at {removed hyperref} with the subject line: CCPA.


Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.


You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:


{list item} Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.


{list item} Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.


We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestors identity or authority to make the request.


Response Timing and Format.


We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to the registered email associated with the account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer requests receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.


We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.


Non-Discrimination.


We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:


{list item} Deny you use of our Services.


{list item} Provide you a different level or quality of Services.


{list item} Changes to Our Privacy Notice.


We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Notice at our discretion and at any time. The date this Privacy Notice was last updated is identified at the bottom of this page. You are responsible for periodically visiting the HID website and this Privacy Notice to check for any changes.


Children.


Pelco does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data through this Site, please contact us at {removed hyperref}, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases immediately.


If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, our Privacy Policy, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, you may contact us via email at {removed hyperref}.


We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. {removed href} Ok {removed href}.


