


Privacy Policy ENDEAVOR BUSINESS MEDIA.


ENDEAVOR BUSINESS MEDIA PRIVACY POLICY.


LAST UPDATED: January 1, 2020.


Endeavor Business Media, LLC, its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively Endeavor Business Media or we) recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of information provided to us by those who use our products and services. Our goal is to provide you with an experience that delivers the information, resources and services that are helpful to you. In order to achieve this goal, we may collect information from you. This policy describes how personally identifiable and anonymous information about our publication subscribers, online media product users and event registrants may be collected, used and shared.


Please be sure to read this Privacy Policy before using any Web Site owned and operated by Endeavor Business Media or its subsidiaries and affiliates or submitting information to us. This Privacy Policy is current as of the date written above. If we change our privacy practices, we will also update this Privacy Policy. Users should review this policy periodically to monitor any changes. Your continued use of our Sites and services constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy, as updated from time to time.


We will only process your Personal Data in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws. Importantly, we note that we are a controller for those services where we make decisions on how personal information is used in connection with our services, and we are a processor for those services where we only use personal information as allowed by our customers. For the purposes of UK and EU data protection legislation, when acting as a controller, the data controller is Endeavor Business Media, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, 1233 Janesville Ave, Fort Atkinson, WI 53538.


HOW DOES ENDEAVOR BUSINESS MEDIA COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION?


Endeavor Business Media uses cookies and other internet technologies in the management of our Web Sites and email programs in an effort to enrich your online experience. Cookies are small text files containing small amounts of information that are sent to your computers browser and stored on your device when you visit a website. Upon your first visit to our Web Sites, a cookie will be sent to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Many major web services use cookies to provide useful features for their users, such as letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience. They can also help to ensure that advertisements you see online are more relevant to you and your interests. Our cookies do not contain any information that is personally identifiable.


Like many web sites, Endeavor Business Media uses pixel tags, also known as web beacons, clear gifs, or web bugs, which are small graphic files that allow us and third parties to monitor the use of the Web Sites and collect usage data. We may use pixel tags, either provided by us or by our third-party advertisers, service providers and ad networks, to collect information about your visit, including the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the tag appears, the pages you view, the links you click and other actions taken in connection with our Web Sites and use them in combination with our cookies to provide offers and information of interest to you. Pixel tags help us improve our understanding of our web traffic and visitor behavior, as well as gauge the response to our promotional efforts.


We use industry-standard, third party advertising service companies, such as AdRoll, to target and serve advertisements when you visit our Sites or open our emails. These third party companies may use cookies, pixel tags, and other similar technologies to collect information about your visit to our Web Site, and other websites, in order to provide you with relevant advertisements about products, services, and events. These collection methods do not typically include your name, address, or telephone number. These elements also provide us with aggregate pictures of traffic patterns, which help us to improve your experience on our Web Sites and monitor advertising effort. This usage data we collect does is generally non-identifying, but if we associate it with you as a specific and identifiable person, we treat it as Personal Data.


OUR WEB SITES USE THE FOLLOWING TYPES OF COOKIES FOR THE PURPOSES SET OUT BELOW:


Strictly necessary cookies.


These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Web Sites. Without these cookies, services you have asked for cannot be provided and we only use these cookies to provide you with those services.


ANALYTICS AND PERFORMANCE COOKIES.


These cookies collect information about how visitors use a Web Site, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies dont collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works, to gather broad demographic information and to monitor the level of activity on our Web Sites.


We use Google Analytics for this purpose. Google Analytics uses its own cookies. You can find out more information about Google Analytics cookies here:


{removed href} {removed hyperref}. You can find out more about how Google protects your data here: {REMOVED HREF} {removed hyperref}. You can prevent the use of Google Analytics relating to your use of our Services by downloading and installing the browser plugin available via this link:


{removed href} {removed hyperref}? hlen-GB.


Functionality cookies.


These cookies allow our Web Sites to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.


SOCIAL MEDIA COOKIES.


These cookies are used when you share information using a social media sharing button or like button on our Web Sites or you link your account or engage with our content on or through a social networking website such as Facebook, Twitter or Google. The social network will record that you have done this.


TARGETING OR ADVERTISING COOKIES.


These cookies are used to deliver advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaigns. These cookies track your browsing habits to enable us to show advertising which is more likely to be of interest to you. These cookies use information about your browsing history to group you with other users who have similar interests. Based on that information, and with our permission, third-party advertisers, such as AdRoll and Feathr, can place cookies to enable them to show advertisements which we think will be relevant to your interests while you are on third-party websites. You may visit and review {REMOVED HREF} ADROLLS PRIVACY POLICY to understand how they collect and use your information. These cookies also store your location, including your latitude, longitude, and GeoIP region ID, which helps us show you locale-specific information and allows our Web Sites to operate more efficiently and in compliance with local data protection and privacy laws. You can disable cookies that remember your browsing habits and target advertising to you by visiting the NAI website opt-out page here: {removed href} {removed hyperref}/ or the DAA opt-out page here: {REMOVED HREF} {removed hyperref}/ or, for UK users {REMOVED HREF} {removed hyperref}, or for EU users, the EDAA opt-out page here: {REMOVED HREF} {removed hyperref}/. If you choose to remove targeted or advertising cookies, you will still see advertisements, but they may not be relevant to you. Even if you do choose to remove cookies by the companies listed at the above link, not all companies that serve online behavioral advertising are included in this list, and so you may still receive cookies and tailored advertisements from companies that are not listed.


Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent; however, if you reject cookies, you will not be able to sign in to the Web Sites or take full advantage of our Web Sites and services. Additionally, if you clear all cookies on your browser at any point after setting your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent, you will have to again reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. If you wish, you may disable pixel tags by setting your browser to omit images and disable JavaScript.


You can find more information about cookies and how they work, what cookies have been set on your computer or mobile device and how to manage and delete them at {REMOVED HREF} {removed hyperref} and {REMOVED HREF} {removed hyperref}.


WHEN IS PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION COLLECTED? HOW IS YOUR INFORMATION USED?


Endeavor Business Media collects information by which someone could identify you as a specific, identifiable individual (we refer to this type of information in this Privacy Policy collectively as Personal Data) that you choose to provide us when you subscribe to our magazines, sign up for e-newsletters, enter a contest, participate in surveys, login into our Web Sites using a third party login system (including, but not limited to, Facebook Connect, Twitter, etc.), register for a Web Site, webcast, or trade show, or otherwise communicate with us. When you provide this information to us, you are no longer anonymous.


We refer collectively to all information we collect that is not Personal Data, including usage data collected from cookies, pixels and similar technologies discussed in this Privacy Policy, demographic data and de-identified Personal Data, as Non-Personal Data. If we combine Non-Personal Data with Personal Data, we will treat the combined information as Personal Data under this Privacy Policy.


We may use your contact information to send notices for subscription renewal or provide you with information about products or services you have ordered with us. We may also use your contact information to send you e-newsletters or other promotional e-mails that contain targeted, relevant content that may be useful to your business. All promotional e-mails you receive from us will include an option to opt out of similar e-mail communications in the future.


We may include Personal Data, such as your name, address, telephone and fax numbers, and e-mail address, as well as demographic information such as the type of business you work for, your job responsibilities and certain information about your company. We will tell you at the time we collect information whether the information requested is necessary for you to participate in a particular feature. The information we collect is used to respond to your specific requests, to send you periodic information and special offers from Endeavor Business Media and our sponsors, to provide you with updates on Endeavor Business Media offerings and features, to provide you with product information from manufacturers in our database, and to provide our sponsors and business partners with data about our users.


We may disclose aggregated information about users and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. We also reserve the right to disclose your Personal Data if we are required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, to respond to claims, or to protect or advance the rights, property, safety, or well-being of our company, our employees, customers, or the public. In the unlikely event that all of Endeavor Business Medias assets or substantially all of its assets are acquired, then user and customer information, which may include Personal Information, may be one of the transferred assets.


WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT, INCLUDING PERSONAL DATA AND WEB SITE USAGE DATA:


{number list}.


{list item} to enable you to use our Web Sites, to create an account or profile, to process information you provide via our Web Sites (including verifying that your email address is active and valid) and to process your transactions;


{list item} to provide related customer service and care, including responding to your questions, complaints, or comments and sending surveys (with your consent) and processing survey responses;


{list item} to provide you with information, products, or services that you have requested;


{list item} to receive and process job applications for jobs with us;


{list item} with your consent, to provide you with information, products, or services that we otherwise believe will interest you, including special opportunities from us and our third-party partners;


{list item} to tailor content, recommendations, and advertisements we and third parties display to you, both on the Web Sites and elsewhere online;


{list item} for internal business purposes, such as to improve our Web Sites and services;


{list item} to administer and process contests, sweepstakes, and promotions;


{list item} to contact you with administrative communications and, in our discretion, changes to our Privacy Policy, Terms and Conditions of Use, or any of our other policies;


{list item} to comply with regulatory and legal obligations; and.


{list item} for purposes as disclosed at the time you provide your information, with your consent, and as further described in this Privacy Policy.


HOW DOES ENDEAVOR BUSINESS MEDIA SECURE AND STORE YOUR INFORMATION?


We use reasonable precautions, including appropriate technical, administrative, and physical procedures, to try to protect collected Personal Data from loss, misuse, or alteration.


Many of our Web Sites contain links to Web Sites owned and operated by unaffiliated third parties. These links are provided as a service to you, and do not constitute Endeavor Business Medias endorsement or support of those third parties or their Web Sites. Each third party Web Site has its own information collection and use practices, and we advise you to review their policies.


Endeavor Business Media is not responsible or liable for third party privacy practices or the content of third party sites. We are not responsible or liable for any breach of security or for the actions of these parties.


Due to the design of the Internet and other factors outside our control, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and our servers will be free from unauthorized access by third parties. Any information you provide may be stored and maintained in an Endeavor Business Media database, either housed at Endeavor Business Media or with a third party vendor. In the case of a sale, change of ownership or merger involving Endeavor Business Media or any parent, subsidiary or affiliated company, your information may be transferred to a third party.


Passwords may be used by a Site to protect your personal data. We recommend that you do not share your passwords with anyone, and notify us promptly if you believe your password security has been breached. Endeavor Business Media will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited e-mail. Also, if you are using a computer that others have access to, such as one in a computer lab, Internet cafe or public library, always remember to log out and close your browser window when leaving any of our Sites.


In addition, any personally identifiable information or sensitive data that you choose to disclose through any discussion boards or other public online forums hosted on the Web Sites may be collected and used by others. We recommend caution when giving out personal information to others in these public online forums. When you provide information on these forums, you do so at your own risk. Endeavor Business Media does not take any steps to protect the privacy of information you volunteer about yourself in public forums or other publicly accessible sections of our Web Sites. The information you share may be viewed by any other user of the Web Sites.


We will retain your Personal Data and any information collected from your use of our Web Sites for as long as you are a Subscriber or otherwise maintain a user account on our Web Sites and for a reasonable time thereafter.


WHAT OPTIONS DO YOU HAVE ABOUT HOW ENDEAVOR BUSINESS MEDIA USES OR SHARES YOUR INFORMATION?


We strive to provide you with choices regarding the Personal Data you provide us. To exercise control over your information, we have provided you with the following mechanisms:


If you no longer wish for us to share your mailing address or other contact information with our sponsors or other third parties, you may adjust your account preferences or you can send us an e-mail at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. For us to be able to locate your record, your e-mail must include your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and must identify the Endeavor Business Media product, event, or service for which you are registered. We will strive to process your request within 10 business days, and thereafter we will no longer share your contact information with third parties. Please note that we will not be able to stop third parties from sending you information about their products or services if your information was shared with them before we received your request.


Regarding e-mail specifically, you have the opportunity to elect to stop receiving advertising messages from Endeavor Business Media about our products or services each time you receive such a communication from us. To unsubscribe from such advertising e-mail messages, please follow the directions included in that e-mail message. We will strive to process your request within 10 business days. Please note that during that time, you may continue to receive e-mail messages from Endeavor Business Media about its products or services or those of our affiliates or customers.


If you receive broadcast e-mail messages that we may send about third party manufacturers in whose products or services we believe you may be interested, and no longer wish to receive such messages, you can do so by following the directions included in the e-mail message you receive. If you have further questions regarding your options with respect to your account information, please contact us at the e-mail or mailing address included at the beginning of this Privacy Policy.


Additionally, regardless of whether you have unsubscribed from receiving advertising and promotional material from Endeavor Business Media, you will continue to receive transactional information from us, such as information relating to your account or payment or bill information.


YOUR CONSENT.


By using our Web Sites, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. Processing means using cookies on a computer or hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards.


HOW CAN I ACCESS, CORRECT, OR AMEND INFORMATION ABOUT ME?


We want to assure you that you have access to your Personal Data that we collect and store. Customers may correct or amend information that is inaccurate by reviewing and updating your account preferences or by contacting us by email at {removed href} {removed hyperref} or by mail at Endeavor Business Media, Attention: Data Privacy Officer, 1233 Janesville Avenue, Fort Atkinson, Wisconsin 53538.


COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN.


Our Web Sites are not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any personal information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please send an email to: {removed href} {removed hyperref}. You may also call 1 800-547-7377 and ask for the Data Privacy Officer, or mail your request to the attention of the Data Privacy Officer at 1233 Janesville Ave, Fort Atkinson, WI 53538.


REGARDING SSL.


Our Site uses SSL to protect Personal Data. By using a browser that supports security functions, when you access to our Web Sites and enter Personal Data, including your name and e-mail address, this information is transferred to our server and the information is automatically encrypted when transmitted and received by servers. Therefore if the transmitted data is intercepted by a third party, there is no need to worry about the content being stolen.


If you use a browser that does not support SSL, you may not be able to access our Web Site or input information.


DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS.


Your browser may offer you a Do Not Track option, which allows you to signal to operators of Web Sites and web applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and/or across different Web Sites. Our Web Sites do not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means that we collect information about your online activity while you are using our Web Sites.


CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.


This section (California Statement) explains rights that certain natural persons residing in the State of California (each, a consumer) may have under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and such rules and regulations as may be adopted from time to time implementing and interpreting such Act (collectively, CCPA). When we use the term personal information in this California Statement, we are using that term as CCPA defines it, which CCPA generally defines personal information to mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. However, personal information does not include publicly available, deidentified, or aggregate consumer information (which are all defined in CCPA). Also, the definition of personal information also does not currently apply to the collection of personal information from job applicants, employees (whether you are our employee or any employee of our customers), business owners, directors, officers, medical staff or contractors.


Where we act as a business under CCPA (meaning we determine the manner and reasons for why we process your personal information), we may be required to disclose additional information regarding the categories of personal information we collect, the sources where we obtain that information, the purposes for why we collect that information, who we share that information with, as well as whether we sell that personal information all of which depends on the specific service being provided.


CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT.


Depending on the nature of your relationship with us (e. g., subscriber, media partner, or Endeavor employee), we may collect the following categories of Personal Information about you, including:


{number list}.


{list item} Identifiers such as name, postal address, email address, account name, or telephone number;


{list item} Information that identifies, relates to or is capable of being associated with a individual, such as financial information;


{list item} Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law such as race, sex/gender or marital status;


{list item} Commercial information such as subscription history;


{list item} Internet or other electronic network activity information such as browsing history;


{list item} Geolocation data, available through your device, if enabled;


{list item} Audio, electronic, or similar information;


{list item} Professional or employment-related information;


{list item} Education information;


{list item} Other personal information, as described to you in this privacy policy, or otherwise at the point of collection; and.


{list item} Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above, including about your preferences.


Depending on your relationship with us, we may have collected each of the above categories of Personal Information about you. In addition, we may have shared one or more of these categories of Personal Information with third parties during the preceding 12 months for the business purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For each of these categories of Personal Information, please refer to the When is personally identifiable information collected? How is your information used? section above for more detailed information regarding why we collect personal information and the categories of third parties with whom we may share personal information.


If you are a resident of California and are not a job applicant, employee/contractor, or employee/contractor of another company interacting with us in your job role, you have the right to request what category of personal information we collect about you, how we use that personal information, and the categories of third parties we disclose that personal information. You also have the right to request that we delete your information. To make a request, you can contact us toll free at 1 (800) 547-7377 and ask for the Data Privacy Officeror by email to our Data Privacy Officer at {removed href} {removed hyperref} or in writing to Endeavor Business Media, Attention: Data Privacy Officer, 1233 Janesville Avenue, Fort Atkinson, Wisconsin 53538. Provide us enough information to verify your identify. We will use information you provide to us to verify your request. If we cannot initially verify your identity, we may request additional information to complete the verification process, such as, for example, a copy of your drivers license and/or a recent utility or credit card bill.


California residents also have certain rights regarding the sale of personal information (as such terms may be defined by CCPA). California residents have the right to opt out of such sale of their personal information in accordance with CCPA by sending an email to our Data Privacy Officer at {removed href} {removed hyperref} or in writing to Endeavor Business Media, Attention: Data Privacy Officer, 1233 Janesville Avenue, Fort Atkinson, Wisconsin 53538.


We will not discriminate against you because you have exercised any of your privacy rights under the CCPA.


USERS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES AND CONSENT TO TRANSFER.


The Web Sites and services provided by Endeavor Business Media are operated in the United States. If you are located in another jurisdiction, please be aware that information you provide to us will be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States. By using the Web Sites or providing us with any information, you consent to this transfer, processing, and storage of your information in the United States, a jurisdiction in which the privacy laws are not as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside or are a citizen, such as the European Union. You understand that the U. S. government can obtain access to the Personal Data you submit if necessary for investigative purposes (e. g., terrorism investigation). We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We use appropriate and suitable safeguards for transferring your Personal Data to the U. S.


YOUR EU DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS.


If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), we collect and process Personal Data about you only where we have a legal basis for doing so under applicable data protection law, including under the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The legal bases will depend on the purpose for which we process your Personal Data. This means we collect and use your Personal Data only where:


{number list}.


{list item} We need it to provide the services including to operate the Web Site.


{list item} provide customer support and personalized features and to protect the safety and security of the Web Site.


{list item} It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your rights and interests), such as for research and development, to market and promote the Web Site and to protect our legal rights and interests.


{list item} You give us consent to do so for a specific purpose.


{list item} We need to process your Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation.


If you have consented to our use of Personal Data about you for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your preferences at any time.


We note that we are a controller for those services where we make decisions on how personal information is used in connection with our services, and we are a processor for those services where we only use personal information as allowed by our customers.


Where we make decisions on how personal information is used in connection with our Web Sites, products or services (where we are acting as a controller), we are responsible for the obligations of a controller under applicable laws in connection with the processing of personal information for example, we use this Privacy Statement and other notices to provide you with information about our use of personal information, as required by law. Where we only use personal information as allowed by our customers (where we are acting as a processor), our customers are similarly responsible for the obligations of a controller under applicable laws in connection with the processing of personal information.


We may use your email address to send you newsletters or marketing emails. We will ask for your consent consistent with the applicable law when you first provide your Personal Data. You can opt out by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, or you can contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} or in writing to Endeavor Business Media, Attention: Data Privacy Officer, 1233 Janesville Avenue, Fort Atkinson, Wisconsin 53538.


REQUESTING ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL DATA.


You have the right to request access to any Personal Data we hold about you as well as related information, including the purposes for processing the Personal Data, the recipients or categories of recipients with whom the Personal Data has been shared, where possible, the period for which the Personal Data will be stored, the source of the personal information, and the existence of any automated decision making.


REQUESTING CORRECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA.


You have the right to obtain without undue delay the rectification of any inaccurate Personal Data we hold about you.


REQUESTING ERASURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA.


You have the right to request that Personal Data held about you is deleted.


REQUESTING RESTRICTION OF PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA.


You have the right to prevent or restrict processing of your Personal Data.


REQUESTING TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA.


You have the right to request transfer of Personal Data directly to a third party where this is technically feasible.


Where you believe that we have not complied with our obligation under this privacy policy or European data protection law, you have the right to make a complaint to an EU Data Protection Authority, such as the UK Information Commissioners Office.


DOCUMENT HISTORY.


March 4, 2011 Enacted.


May 25th, 2018 Amended.


August 5, 2019 Amended.


January 1, 2020 Amended.


For any questions about this policy, please direct to our data privacy officer at {removed href} {removed hyperref} or in writing to Endeavor Business Media, Attention: Data Privacy Officer, 1233 Janesville Avenue, Fort Atkinson, Wisconsin 53538.


