


PRIVACY POLICY.


This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting {removed hyperref} you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice. This Privacy Policy is effective from September 9th, 2017.


SECTION 1 - HOW WE COLLECT OR OBTAIN INFORMATION ABOUT YOU?


when you provide it to us (e. g. by contacting us, placing an order on our website, sign up for our email newsletter or create an account). From your use of our website, using cookies and similar technologies, and occasionally, from third parties.


SECTION 2 - WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?


We will only collect and use personal information which is necessary to comply with our legal obligations and to assist us to administer our business and provide you with the services you request. Information we collect: name, contact details, payment information e. g. your credit or debit card details, IP address, information from cookies, information about your computer or device (e. g. device and browser type), information about how you use our website (e. g. which pages you have viewed, the time when you view them and what you clicked on, the geographical location from which you accessed our website (based on your IP address), your answers to quizzes or surveys, and information about your internet connection.


SECTION 3 - WHAT DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR?


General speaking, we use personally identifiable information for the purpose for which you provided it. Tribit uses your name and address information only to fulfill customer needs, such as order fulfillment, billing, and delivery. If you send us an email, we may use your email address and other information you submit to provide customer service to you.


We use your information for administrative and business purposes (particularly to contact you and process orders you place on our website), to improve our business and website, to fulfill our contractual obligations, to advertise our goods and services, to analyse your use of our website, and in connection with our legal rights and obligations.


SECTION 4 - WEB BROWSER COOKIES.


Our Site may use cookies to enhance User experience. Users web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.


SECTION 5 - HOW WE SECURE YOUR INFORMATION?


Using appropriate technical and organisational measures such as storing your information on secure servers, encrypting transfers of data to or from our servers using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology, encrypting payments you make on or via our website using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology, only granting access to your information where necessary and by only trusted individuals that have been trained and briefed on appropriate handling of personal information.


SECTION 6 - DO WE DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?


We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personal information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, executing payments, delivering purchased products or services, sending you information or updates or otherwise servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.


SECTION 7 - HOW LONG DO WE RETAIN YOUR INFORMATION?


We will retain your personal information for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by tax, accounting or other applicable laws.


SECTION 8 - YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS.


By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.


SECTION 9 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.


We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.


If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.


