


PHILEX ELECTRONIC LTD.


Privacy Policy.


PHILEX ELECTRONIC LTD.


Privacy Policy.


We respect the privacy of the visitors to the {removed hyperref} and associated websites. We take great care to protect your information. This privacy policy tells you what information we collect and how we may use it as well as the steps we take to ensure that it is protected.


WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?


There are cases where we may ask you for personal information, such as your name, address, date of birth, gender, email address, etc. We do this for instance when you register for contests/promotions, respond to communication such as e-mail, and for services that require registration or subscription such as the extended warranty period. If you would like to be on our mailing list, we will ask you to actively opt-in. We might also collect personal information from you about a third party, for instance if the website allows you to send an email referring someone to our site or an active promotion, in which case we need to know the name and e-mail address of the recipient. That information will only be used for the specific purpose (delivering the email) and we will not further contact the third party unless the third party contacts us.


{number list}.


{list item} We may use cookies to gather information about your visits to our website and enhance your experience. You can find more information on how we use cookies in the section Use of Cookies.


{list item} When you visit our websites we may collect so called click stream data (server address, domain name etc). This information can be combined with information you have provided to us (for instance by registering), which will enable us to analyse and better customize your visits.


USE OF VISITORS INFORMATION.


All personal information that we obtain about you will be recorded, used and protected by us in accordance with current data protection legislation and this privacy policy. We will primarily use your personal information to provide products and services to you and, for example:


{number list}.


{list item} To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature and to provide you with the relevant products or services (for instance to deliver a prize you may have won in a contest). You may be contacted by phone or email.


{list item} To send you information/materials via e-mail or sms-messages about products, offers and news we think could interest you. This information may relate to products, offers and news of Philex and/or its licensees or carefully selected commercial partners. We only send you this if you have opted-in to receive Philex e-mails and/or sms messages. In case you do not want to receive any e-mails and/or sms messages from us anymore, or if you want to modify you personal data or want your personal data to be deleted from our database, we refer you to the Opt-out, delete or modify personal information section below.


{list item} To analyse visits to the website and learn about the interests of our visitors in aggregate and also on personal level to better understand your interest and need, so we can improve our products and services and deliver to you the type of content, features and promotions that you are most interested in.


WHO MANAGES VISITORS INFORMATION.


The Philex global and local websites and the information collected, are managed and controlled in the UK. If you are located outside the UK, please note that the information you provide will be transferred to the UK and by submitting the information you authorise this transfer. Philex has entered into an agreement with a hosting company in the UK to provide sufficient safeguards for the protection of your data. Personal information will be handled in accordance with current data protection legislation and this Privacy Policy.


PROTECTION OF VISITORS INFORMATION.


In order to protect the information you provide to us by visiting our website we have implemented various security measures. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of people, who have special access rights and are required to keep the information confidential.


Please keep in mind though that whenever you give out personal information online there is a risk that third parties may intercept and use that information. While Philex strives to protect its users personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk.


CHILDRENS PRIVACY.


When a child tries to submit his/her registration he/she will be asked to submit the same kind of information as indicated in the above section Information we collect from visitors. Furthermore the information provided by the child and gathered (for instance through the use of cookies) during his/her visit may be used as indicated in the said above section.


DISCLOSING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES.


Except as described in this policy, we do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer your personal information to third parties without informing you in advance and in accordance with applicable data protection law. Your data may be transferred to web site hosting partners and other parties who assist us in designing and operating the website, executing services (for instance prize fulfilment) or help us analyse collected data. These parties will only use your data for the purpose of carrying out the work as indicated and will be required to keep the information confidential. We will also release personal data without consent if such is required by law, for security purposes, or to prevent imminent harm.


LINKS TO THIRD PARTIES.


For your convenience and to improve the usage of the website we insert links to third parties, for which this privacy policy does not apply. These links take you outside our service and off the Philex sites and are beyond our control. This includes links from partners that may use Philex Electronic Ltd logos as part of a co-branding agreement or sell Philex products. The sites you can link to have their own separate privacy policy and although we seek to protect the integrity of our site, Philex is not responsible and cannot be held liable for the content and activities of these sites. Your visit/access to these sites is therefore entirely at your own risk. Please note that these other sites may send their own cookies to users collect data or solicit personal information.


USE OF COOKIES.


A cookie is a small string of information that the website that you visit transfers to your computer for identification purposes. Cookies can be used to follow your activity on the website and that information helps us to understand your preferences and improve your website experience. Cookies are also used to remember for instance your user name and password. You can turn off all cookies, in case you prefer not to receive them. You can also have your computer warn you whenever cookies are being used. For both options you have to adjust your browser settings (like Internet Explorer). There are also software products available that can manage cookies for you. Please be aware though that when you have set your computer to reject cookies, it can limit the functionality of the website you visit and its possible then that you do not have access to some of the features on the website.


OPT-OUT, DELETE OR MODIFY PERSONAL INFORMATION.


You may cancel your registration at any time, and you can choose to opt-out of receiving any e-mails from Philex. Additionally you can choose to have all your personal information deleted from our database. You may cancel your registration at any time, and you can choose to opt-out of receiving any e-mails messages from Philex. Additionally you can choose to have all your personal information deleted from our database. If you want to opt-out, delete or modify your personal information, please visit the registration page. We encourage you promptly to update your personal information if it changes.


{removed href} Back Home {removed href} {removed href} catalogue.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href}.


{list item} {removed href}.


{list item} {removed href}.


