


KONO Smart.


Free color selection free shipping.


{removed href} Learn More.


{removed href} Shop Now.


Homes Counting 18, 153, 513.


Did you know that there are over 16 million (and counting) LUX thermostats in use today? From smart to manual, LUX has a thermostat perfect for every home.


Homes Counting 18, 153, 513.


Did you know that there are over 15 million (and counting) LUX thermostats in use today? From smart to manual, LUX has a thermostat perfect for every home.


Is My System Compatible?


Not sure what thermostats work with your system check out our simple compatibility checker.


{removed href} Check Compatability.


Be in Control of Your Comfort From Anywhere For Free.


{removed href} Learn More.


KONO Decor-Snap CoversTM For Every Home.


{removed href} Shop Now.


KONO Dcor-snap covers...


accessorize with color for every home.


{removed href} Shop Now.


{removed href} Learn More.


{removed href} Am I Eligible for LUX Rebates?


{removed href} Explore Current Rebates.


Installation Made Easy.


First Time installing a thermostat? No need to worry our videos will walk you through every step.


{removed href} View Manuals/Videos.


Customers love KONO Let them tell you how much!


Ive been looking for a smart Wi-Fi thermostat for a while now, but nearly all of them are white and look quite cheap, even if they are not. Then I came across the Kono Smart Wi-Fi Thermostat with Interchangeable Black Stainless Steel Faceplate which is a great modern looking design. The interchangeable face plate makes it easy to fit the look to your house and style.


DEREK. S.


Ive been looking for a smart Wi-Fi thermostat for a while now, but nearly all of them are white and look quite cheap, even if they are not. Then I came across the Kono Smart Wi-Fi Thermostat with Interchangeable Black Stainless Steel Faceplate which is a great modern looking design. The interchangeable face plate makes it easy to fit the look to your house and style.


DEREK. S.


Modern looking changeable faceplates, works great. I control and monitor the temp through the app. Absolutely great product for a fraction of the cost of similar items.


MATT. N.


I have the original nest thermostat also which was 3 times the price. So far I like the lux kono more. I would buy again.


JANELLE. L.


This is a great Thermostat! I was looking for a smart WiFi capable unit that wasnt overpowering in size, like the Honeywell, but provided full functionality... This unit fit the bill frankly I think it has a significant advantage over the Nest unit.


JOHN. C.


Attractive, feature rich, easy to install and the price was right! I did not want to go spend 300 for a smart WiFi thermostat. Overall, the youtube videos made the whole setup seamless, and the app is very user intuitive. I really enjoy the runtime per hour information and the helpful tips during the setup because of the cost savings associated with the various configurations.


JAMES. P.


BESBSWY BESBSWY BESBSWY BESBSWY BESBSWY BESBSWY BESBSWY BESBSWY BESBSWY BESBSWY BESBSWY BESBSWY BESBSWY BESBSWY.


