


Privacy Policy SensorPush.


SensorPush Privacy Policy.


All of us at SensorPush take your privacy as seriously as you do, and because of that we take great care to collect only the information necessary to provide you with the best product experience. This policy describes what information we collect from you and how we use it to accomplish that mission.


This Privacy Policy describes information Cousins and Sears, LLC DBA SensorPush 540 President Street Brooklyn, New York 11215 and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, SensorPush, We, Us) collect, use, share, and store, including personal information (i. e. information that personally identifies you, such as your name, email or home address, or other data used to reasonably infer this information). As you review our policy, keep in mind that capitalized terms not defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Terms of Service and that it applies to your use of the Products, the Sites, the Software, the Services and SensorPush Content.


SensorPush Sites:


This section focuses on information related to the operation of the public websites available at {removed hyperref} and sub-domains Sites. We provide additional details about how we collect and use information in connection with SensorPush products and services in the sections below.


Collection and Use: We collect information about you through our Sites in several ways. This information is used to provide visitors with Software, Services and SensorPush Content, it allows us to understand how you navigate the Sites.


Mailing List Information: You may choose to submit your email address via a submission form located on the Sites. Your email address may be used to send you news about SensorPush related services, products or promotions. We may use one or more service providers to administer these messages, but we do not share your email address with spammers or other third parties without your permission.


Online Tracking and Your Choices:


Website Use Information: Like many websites, we and our third-party partners analyze log file information and other data collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technology, to collect information about your browsing behavior when you visit the Sites, including for example, your browser type, domains, page views, IP address, referring/exit pages, information about how you interact with the Sites webpages and with third-party links, traffic and usage trends with respect to the Services, etc. We use session cookies to keep you logged in while you use features of our Sites; these disappear after you close your browser. We also use persistent cookies, which stay in your browser and allow us to recognize you when you return to the Sites. We use this to remember your information so you will not have to re-enter it, to better understand how you use the Sites and Services and SensorPush Content, to diagnose and fix technology problems, and otherwise enhance the Sites and our offerings. In some of our email messages, we use a click-through URL linked to SensorPush Content. We track this click-through data to help us measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. We also use third-party analytics tools (including Google Analytics) to assist us with analyzing and improving the Sites and other offerings. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may be able to change the settings of your browser to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you set your browser to reject cookies, parts of the Sites may not work for you. Please note, depending on your type of device or browser, it may not be possible to delete or disable all tracking mechanisms.


{number list}.


{list item} Your selection of the Do Not Track option provided by your browser may not have any effect on our collection of cookie information for analytic and other internal purposes. The only way to completely opt out of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser or mobile device to delete and disable cookies and other tracking/recording tools. (To learn more about cookies, clear gifs/web beacons and related technologies, you may wish to visit {removed hyperref}).


{list item} We permit third-party advertising partners to use cookies and other technology to collect information about your browsing activities over time and across different websites when you use the Sites. For example, we use advertising services provided by third-party ad partners, such as Facebook and Google to market our offerings to you on other websites and online services. Through a process called retargeting, ad partners place a cookie on your browser when you visit the Sites so that they can identify you and serve you ads on other websites based on your browsing activity. To avoid use of this information for advertising by third-party ad partners, you can change your browser settings to reject cookies or to notify you when cookies are set and you could select the Do Not Track option on your browser, though we have no control over and cannot confirm whether these third party ad parties honor the Do Not Track browser signal. Additionally, many advertising companies are members of the NAI or DAA and/or provide opt-outs on those industry pages at {removed hyperref} or {removed hyperref}.


{list item} Third-Party Sites and Features: The Sites may contain links to other websites operated by third parties (i. e. Amazon) and may include social media features such as Facebook and Twitter buttons (such as Like, Tweet or Pin). These third-party sites may collect information about you if you click on a link and the social media sites may automatically record information about your browsing behavior every time you visit a website that has a social media button. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the feature, not by our Privacy Policy. We do not control what information these third parties collect. Please review your privacy settings on your social media sites and think carefully before clicking on links which may take you to a third-party website.


Minors: The Sites do not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 13.


Data Sharing: Under no circumstance do we share personal information for any commercial or marketing purpose unrelated to the delivery of the Products, the Software, the Services and the SensorPush Content without asking you first. Period. We do not rent or sell our customer lists. The following are the limited situations where we may share personal information:


For external processing: We have vendors, service providers, and technicians who help with data processing and storage, including providing Support. They may also assist with monitoring our servers for technical problems. These technicians (as well as SensorPush employees and agents) can access certain information about you or your account in connection with this work but these technicians are not allowed to use this data for non-SensorPush purposes.


As part of business transitions: Upon the sale or transfer of SensorPush, or all or part of its assets, your personal information may be among the items sold or transferred. We will request that any purchaser treat our data in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.


For legal reasons: We may provide information to a third party if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so for legal reasons. For example, to respond to legal process, or comply with state and federal laws (or the applicable laws of foreign countries other than the United States).


Your personal information may be collected, processed and stored by SensorPush or its service providers in the United States and other countries where our servers reside. As a result, your personal information may be subject to legal requirements, including lawful requirements to disclose personal information to government authorities, in those jurisdictions.


Security: SensorPush takes security seriously and cares about the integrity of your personal information. We use commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technological methods to transmit your data securely including HTTPS, TLS/SSL protocol, AES and RSA data encryption. The data is stored using Amazon Web Services. For clarity, data may be transferred by unencrypted Bluetooth technology between the Products and the Apps and, if applicable the SensorPush Gateway. However, SensorPush cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat our security measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and, where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.


SensorPush Products:


This section focuses on information related to the operation of the Products, the Software, and the Services.


Your Consent:


Consent to data collection and processing. By using the Products, the Software or the Services, you agree to allow us to collect and process information as described in this Privacy Policy.


Consent to international data transfers. Your personal information may be collected, processed and stored by SensorPush or its service providers in the United States and other countries where our servers reside. Please be aware that the privacy protections and legal requirements, including the rights of authorities to access your personal information, in some of these countries may not be equivalent to those in your country. If you are using the Products, the Software or the Services in the European Economic Area or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from United States law, you consent to the transfer of your personal data to the United States and other countries where SensorPush operates. We have provided you with more information below as to how we protect your personal data when it is transferred internationally.


Product Orders: Contact Information When you place an order, youll need to provide an email address, a first and last name, and a shipping address.


Minors: The Products are not directed to children under 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child under 13, we will take steps to delete such information from our files.


What information do the Products collect?


The Products collect:


{number list}.


{list item} Setup information you provide.


{list item} Environmental data from the Products.


{list item} Technical information from the Products.


ENVIRONMENTAL DATA FROM PRODUCTS: We collect data from several sensors built into the Products. These sensors collect data such as current temperature and humidity.


TECHNICAL INFORMATION FROM THE PRODUCTS: We record your Product model and serial number, Software version, and technical information.


Product data is stored locally on your mobile device and is not transmitted to SensorPush. Product data is only transmitted to SensorPush if you utilize the Services, as further detailed below.


What information does the SensorPush Gateway collect?


PRODUCT USAGE INFORMATION: If you have a SensorPush Gateway account or connected mobile device, we record adjustments you make to the Product through the Apps. We store this data along with your email address, information about your mobile device, data collected directly by the Product, a history of your Product settings, and any other information we have collected about your use of the Products and Services.


SETUP INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE: When you set up the SensorPush Gateway, youll be asked several questions in order to help us create an account. Such information includes your email address, password (for clarity it is not stored on our server in plaintext; we cannot see the original password), Product ID, Product Name (set by user), account creation time, and last time of most recent login.


ENVIRONMENTAL DATA FROM THE PRODUCTS: We collect data from several sensors built into the Product. These sensors collect data such as current temperature and humidity. For example, this information includes Product alert settings (min/max temperature and humidity, if set by user), Product calibration offsets (if set by user), temperature and humidity data streams.


TECHNICAL INFORMATION FROM THE PRODUCT: We record your Product model and serial number, software version, and technical information. This information includes Product ID, Product name (set by user), Product token from mobile device for push notifications (designed by Apple to not be identifiable across application and installation), Product name (created by user, e. g. Wine Cellar) mobile device identification.


What additional information does SensorPush Gateway collect and store when a user connects a Product to the Internet or creates an account?


WI-FI NETWORK INFORMATION: To connect the Product to our Services, or to access your Product over the Internet from a computer, a smartphone or a tablet, you will need to connect the Product to your Wi-Fi network. During setup, the Product will ask for your Wi-Fi network name (SSID) and password to connect to the Internet. It will save this information on the device, along with your IP address, so that you can access it and control it from your computer, smartphone or tablet, and so that the Product can communicate with SensorPush servers and download Software updates.


Once connected to your Wi-Fi network, the Product regularly sends the data described in this Privacy Policy (excluding your Wi-Fi password) to SensorPush to provide you with the Services.


ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZED USERS: SensorPush may provide you with the ability to enable additional authorized users to access your SensorPush Gateway account. If you do so, the additional authorized users may access the data from your Product. Invited users may also add additional authorized users to your account, so be careful to add only those you trust.


EMAIL ADDRESSES: When you create a SensorPush account, we collect and store your email address. From that point forward, your email address is used for communications to you by SensorPush. In addition, SensorPush may provide you with the ability to enable individuals to access your account as additional authorized users, or to invite other individuals such as friends or family to share access to your Product data.


BASIC PROFILE INFORMATION: Your account allows you to provide certain basic profile information like your name and email address.


BLUETOOTH DATA:


The Products are Bluetooth enabled and may broadcast an identifying signal wirelessly. This is used to connect with your Bluetooth-enabled devices (such as a smartphone or tablet).


Information Collected Through Support and Warranty Services:


We provide support services and a Limited Warranty via live chat on our Sites, email request submissions, outbound telephone calls and direct email. We collect any personal information you may choose to provide to our customer care team in the process. This includes, but is not limited to: your name, email address, phone number, and mailing address. We may use and process your personal information to handle your support request and provide you with the best support possible.


How does SensorPush use the information it collects?


We use this information to provide, develop and improve our offerings, including to make assessments and recommendations about products and services. We may use your contact details to send you this information, or to ask you to participate in surveys about your use of the Products, and to send you other communications.


We may also use this information in an aggregated, non-identified form for research purposes and to help us make sales, marketing, and business decisions. For example, improving products, adding features, creating new products.


We may use service providers to perform some of these functions. Those service providers are restricted from sharing your information for any other purpose.


We use industry-standard methods to keep this information safe and secure while it is transmitted over your home network and through the Internet to our servers. Depending on your location and type of data, SensorPush may process your personal information on servers that are not in your home country.


Under what circumstances will SensorPush share my information?


Under no circumstance do we share personal information for any commercial or marketing purpose unrelated to the activation and delivery of the Products. the Software, the Services and SensorPush Content without asking you first. Period. We do not rent or sell our customer lists.


The following are the limited situations where we may share personal information:


{number list}.


{list item} With your explicit consent: We may share personal information when we have your consent. One example of this would be if you permit another user to access your account as an additional authorized user. Another example is if you sign up for programs that we offer through strategic partners we may share certain information with the partner. This could include things like your enrollment information and the activation status of your device.


{list item} For external processing: We have vendors, service providers, and technicians who help with data processing and storage, including providing Support. They may also assist with monitoring our servers for technical problems. These technicians (as well as SensorPush employees and agents) can access certain information about you or your account in connection with this work but these technicians are not allowed to use this data for non-SensorPush purposes. SensorPush uses Fabric Crashlytics and Google will process such data in accordance with its Data Processing and Security Terms, set forth here.


{list item} As part of business transitions: Upon the sale or transfer of SensorPush, or all or part of its assets, your personal information may be among the items sold or transferred. We will request that any purchaser treat our data in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.


{list item} For legal reasons: We may provide information to a third party if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so for legal reasons. For example, we may disclose information in response to legal process and we may disclose information in response to lawful requests by public authorities in the United States and other countries for the purposes of law enforcement and national security.


We may share non-personal information (for example, aggregated or anonymized customer data) publicly and with our partners. This information may also be shared with other users to help them better understand use compared to others in the SensorPush community and help us generally improve our system. We may also share non-personal information with our partners, for example, if they are interested in providing services or other incentive programs to our customers. We take steps to keep this non-personal information from being associated with you and we require our partners to do the same.


How long does SensorPush save my personal information and how can I delete it?


SensorPush generally stores your personal information on SensorPushs servers until you delete or edit it, or for as long as you remain a SensorPush customer in order to provide you with the Software and the Services.


As described above, some information is processed and stored directly on the Products. With the exception of Product data transferred using Bluetooth technology between the Product and a mobile device, or if applicable, the SensorPush Gateway, personal information is encrypted as it is transmitted to SensorPush and cannot easily be accessed.


You can access, amend or delete your personal information from SensorPushs servers through the controls in your account. Because of the way we provide certain Services, after your information is deleted, backup copies may linger for some time before they are deleted, and we may retain certain data for a longer period of time if we are required to do so for legal reasons.


Your personal information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If youre located outside the United States and choose to provide your personal information to us, we may transfer your personal information to the United States and process it there.


We may share, as described in this Privacy Policy, information with our affiliates and subsidiaries, and third parties. We may disclose information in response to legal process and lawful requests by public authorities in the United States and other countries, for the purposes of law enforcement and national security.


Changes to Privacy Policy: Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will provide notice of any changes on the Sites or by contacting you.


If you have any questions, please contact us: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


