


Privacy Policy Version Date: September 2019.


Privacy Policy.


At FLIR we know that you care about how the Personal Information we receive about you is used and shared, and we take the protection of your Personal Information seriously.


This Privacy Policy covers how FLIR Systems, Inc., 27700 SW Parkway Ave, Wilsonville, Oregon 97070, who is the data controller (FLIR, we, us, our) treats Personal Information (as defined below) that FLIR collects and receives through your use of FLIR websites (collectively the FLIR Site), your requests relating to and orders for FLIR products and services (including cloud services (Cloud Services)) provided by us online or offline in accordance with applicable data privacy laws (collectively FLIR Products Services). In addition to this Privacy Policy, specific notices may be made available to you when you register or log in for specific services activities, or when we require your consent. Such specific notices may also indicate the specific FLIR affiliate which is the controller (or together with FLIR, co-controller) of the Personal Information processing operations involved.


THIS PRIVACY POLICY ONLY APPLIES TO FLIR.


This Privacy Policy does not apply to the processing of personal data by companies that FLIR does not own or control, or by the staff of such companies that FLIR does not employ or manage.


CHILDRENS PRIVACY POLICY.


The FLIR Site is not intended for use by any children, including children under the age of thirteen. FLIR does not knowingly collect Personal Information online from children under thirteen. If you think that FLIR has collected Personal Information from your child, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} (or at the address provided below). Because FLIR is committed to protecting childrens privacy online, use of the FLIR Site by children under the age of thirteen is prohibited.


COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


Personal Information is information of an identified or identifiable natural person; an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as your name, address, email address or phone number.


FLIR collects Personal Information in a number of circumstances, either automatically or when you provide it to us, including under the following circumstances and for the following purposes:


{number list}.


{list item} About you as our contact person for our business partners, customers and end users, vendors and suppliers, when we set up your companys account enterprise resources planning system, and in the framework of our existing business relationship. This will necessarily involve the processing of the following data: Contact information (full name, postal work address, work email address and telephone numbers), job title, payment information (bank account number, tax ID, and other related billing information and data necessary for processing payments and fraud prevention), data relating to purchase history.


{list item} We will use this information to:


{list item} allow FLIR to execute the contract concluded with you:


{number list}.


{list item} to issue a quote, for order entry and to establish a contract;


{list item} to fulfill your purchase contract or making available a free demo, including making required shipping arrangements and provide related customer support;


{list item} to ensure timely supply of critical firmware updates (by email notification or otherwise);


{list item} to communicate about the FLIR Products Services you purchased, or to respond to your queries or requests (including relating to FLIR Products Services);


{list item} to send administrative information to you (such as information relating to the FLIR Site and changes to our terms, conditions and policies).


{list item} pursue FLIRs legitimate interest to:


{number list}.


{list item} create and communicate content and offers most relevant to you, and to send relevant personalized marketing communications to you;


{list item} send offers and accessories related to your purchase, and newsletters relating to FLIRs Products Services to you;


{list item} keep your technical skills required to operate our cameras up to date, by sending invitations to trainings, camera tutorials and online programs and reminders of certification renewal dates to you;


{list item} send reminders of the upcoming expiration date of your cameras calibration.


{list item} Non-FLIR non-US Party Vetting and Screening:


{number list}.


{list item} Prior to setting up your companys account or entering into a transaction with your company, we will need to screen your company against prohibited parties lists, which may involve the processing of the following Personal Information relating to yourself, as a contact person of your employing entity: your name, title, address, email, and telephone number.


{list item} In case of an intended visit of a FLIR facility, or receipt of export controlled technical information or defense services, on behalf of your employer, we will need to screen you against prohibited parties lists, prior to allowing you any access to such FLIR facility or technical information, which may involve the processing of the following Personal Information you have provided to us: full name, email address, telephone number, job title, current and past citizenship and current country of permanent residence, your photograph and/or information contained in ID cards to issue a visitor badge.


{list item} Prior to onboarding your company as a new business partner, we may process the following Personal Information about you as owner, or key personnel of your company: your date of birth, ID card numbers, and information about relevant and significant litigation or other legal proceedings against business partners.


{list item} We process the data relating to your company and/or yourself, as non-US persons, for the purposes of:


{number list}.


{list item} complying with US and foreign export control and sanctions laws, which prevents FLIR from engaging in any business activity with entities or individuals appearing on US and foreign Government issued lists of Denied and Restricted parties, or to transfer certain technical export controlled data to non-US parties without a proper license being in place,


{list item} and to carry out an adequate due diligence of our business partners in compliance with applicable US and foreign anti-bribery laws.


{list item} When you visit a FLIR Site: Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type, screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, internet browser type and version, the name and version of the FLIR Site you are using, and the IP address of your PC or other device.


{list item} We will use this information to pursue our legitimate interest to make the FLIR Site more easy for you to use, to improve and help develop the FLIR Site and related IT systems, and to fulfill our business purpose, such as:


{number list}.


{list item} carrying out data analysis, identifying usage trends, analyze how visitors use and browse FLIR Sites,


{list item} carrying out audits, fraud monitoring and prevention,


{list item} developing new products, enhancing improving our modifying our products, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities.


{list item} Online Registration for use of FLIR Products Services:


{number list}.


{list item} When you are an existing customer (with an existing account), you are eligible to obtain a Single Sign On which will enable you to access various FLIR Products Services online via our secured platform (Portal). For this you must first complete a registration procedure which requires you to provide certain Personal Information, such as your name, email address, job title, telephone number, user name and password, as well as account details, such as information on the FLIR customer on whose behalf you register the account (providing demographic information, such as your job title, is optional). You will then receive your login credentials. When you provide this information, we keep it on file with any information you have already volunteered to us on previous visits to the FLIR Site.


{list item} We process this information to allow you to:


{number list}.


{list item} create and manage your online account profile,


{list item} manage your marketing communication preferences, and.


{list item} to allow you to use certain features of the FLIR Site or to use or purchase various FLIR Products Services on line (as the case by providing additional information):


{number list}.


{list item} When you buy and install a new product, we will invite you to register your purchase electronically. At this occasion we will ask you to provide your name, email, telephone number, postal address. Providing this information is voluntary. We process such information to allow you to benefit from an extended product warranty.


{list item} Cloud Services: when you are uploading, accessing or downloading your content, or accessing FLIR provided output data, we will process the following Personal Information: information the images you upload are tagged with (e. g. your location), Personal Information you include in the content you upload (e. g. annotations and comments), data related to the use of the service (e. g. time stamps).


{list item} Customer Support: When you contact us via our Portal to obtain support, including warranty and out of warranty repair we may process the following information: Your name, postal address, email address, telephone number, mobile number, product purchased and location, username and password.


{list item} Product purchases via FLIRs Webshop: Certain Products can be purchased via our webshop. Our webshop is operated by Scalefast within all the markets where FLIR offers the opportunity for you to make an online purchase. When you surf on the FLIR Site, and place a product in your shopping cart, we collect the Personal Information as described above (Use of FLIR Site). You are then transferred via a link on the FLIR Site to the e-commerce platform of our webshop provider, who will be the merchant of record for your purchase. You can find information on how our webshop provider processes your data when you purchase a FLIR product from them in their own privacy notice. When you have purchased a FLIR product via our webshop we collect the following information from our webshop provider: your name, email address, IP address, billing address, shipping address phone number, products purchased. We process that Personal Information for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice.


{list item} Payment via credit card: For any other Products that can be purchased online from FLIR, if you decide to pay by credit card, upon clicking submit and pay you will be directed to our credit card payment providers platform where you will need to enter your card details directly, and upon card authorization our provider will only pass on to FLIR the following Personal Information required for order creation by FLIR: cardholder name and address, last 4 digits of card, expiry date.


{list item} Community Forums and Chats: You may submit Personal Information to FLIR by using the Community Forum feature of the FLIR Site or when you engage in a chat with us. In this case, we collect the Personal Information you volunteer to us via the Community Forum.


{list item} Promotional Games Contests, Surveys, Trials: FLIR may, from time to time, collect other information from you when you voluntarily provide it (for instance, when we make special offers, hold promotions, conduct surveys, or allow you to sign up for an event or contest or a webinar, when you volunteer to test a product or app, or when you download content). Personal Information collected by FLIR is often limited to name, e-mail address, language, country or location, phone number but may include other information depending on the individual service you are requesting. If other information is requested, additional information will be provided to you in specific information notices. We collect this information to allow you to participate in sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions and to administer these activities (to contact you, divulge your name as the winner and ship the prize to you if you win). These activities have additional rules, which could contain additional information about how we use and disclose your Personal Information. This information will be provided to you along with the sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions;


{list item} Visitor Registration and CCTV: When you visit a FLIR facility (regardless of the need to screen you as a non-FLIR party), surveillance cameras may be operated to monitor the facilitys outside perimeter and reception area, and we will ask you to check in and check out, by providing the following information to us: full name, name of your employer, visited FLIR staff, data of arrival and departure, photograph to issue a visitor badge.


{list item} We process this information in order to ensure your safety and allow us to locate you in case of incidents, and ensure security of FLIR assets and facilities.


{list item} Trade shows or other business encounters: When you interact with us at trade shows or on other occasions, we may process the following Personal Information you provided to us: Your name, postal address, email address, telephone number, mobile number, job title.


{list item} Classroom Training:


{number list}.


{list item} When you interact with us to register for and/or attend a classroom training, we will collect the following Personal Information: Your name, email address and telephone or mobile number, your employers company address, contact name, email address and phone number (and invoicing address and contact name if different),


{list item} When you register for certification courses, we will collect the following Personal Information: your photograph, exam answer sheet, identification sheet signed off by yourself and instructor, student registration card; When you register for certification courses involving external bodies, we will collect the following Personal Information: your age and date of birth, written confirmation by yourself and by your employer that you passed a positive vision test.


{list item} We may in addition collect the training evaluation form (if you have chosen to mention your email address and name on the form).


{list item} We process this information in order to:


{number list}.


{list item} Fulfill a contract with your employer for the provision of the purchased training and/or administration of the related certification procedure (including: logistical arrangements, issuance of diplomas, and for certification courses: verify your identity and establishing proof of attendance, issuance of certification card with your photograph, exam results and identification data).


{list item} Pursue our legitimate interest to invite you to surveys to improve our trainings and to keep your technical skills and certification up to date;


{list item} Other. We may also collect all of the above Personal Information for the following purpose: As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.


LEGAL BASIS FOR OUR PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION (GDPR).


Unless expressly stated otherwise, when we collect Personal Information from you, the legal basis for the processing of your Personal Information is:


{number list}.


{list item} Art. 6 para 1 b) GDPR, if we process the Personal Information to establish and fulfil a contract with you or with your employer;


{list item} Art. 6 para 1 f) GDPR, if we process the Personal Information to enable our business and pursue our legitimate interests (eg,, having regard to our existing relationship, to send you marketing communications, to answer your questions about products of interest to you, to transfer data within FLIR affiliates for internal administration purposes, to ensure network security, to prevent fraud, to ensure your safety when you visit a FLIR facility, in regard to product safety issues, to comply with applicable foreign laws (such as US Export Control and Sanctions Laws, anti-bribery laws), to ensure the protection of our legal rights, and making available the FLIR Site to you;


{list item} Art. 6 para 1 a) GDPR, if we have requested consent for the processing of Personal Information, and to collect Personal Information from third parties, if you have requested information from us through a third party or vendor;


{list item} Art. 6 para 1 c) GDPR, if we process the data to comply with legal obligations stemming from EU Member States and EU Union laws we are subject to.


LEGAL BASIS (OTHER TERRITORIES).


We will only Process Personal Information if and when allowed in accordance with applicable privacy {removed hyperref} processing of Personal Information which is subject to Canadian privacy laws, FLIR will always request your consent (save applicable exceptions).


SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We recognize how important your Personal Information is to you, and FLIR strictly protects the security of your Personal Information and honors your choices for its intended use. We carefully protect the confidentiality and security of Personal Information and your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.


FLIR takes precautions to protect our users information both online and offline. Inside FLIR, data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access. We utilize computer safeguards, such as firewalls and data encryption, and we enforce physical access controls to our buildings and files, to keep this Personal Information safe. We only authorize access to those FLIR employees who need to access your Personal Information in order to carry out their job responsibilities.


{number list}.


{list item} We protect the security of your Personal Information while it is being transmitted, by encrypting it using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL).


{list item} We enforce physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of Personal Information. We may occasionally ask for proof of identity before we share your Personal Information with you.


{list item} We will reveal only the last four digits of your credit card number when confirming an order.


You also have a significant role in protecting your information. Except as described in this Privacy Policy, no one can see or edit your Personal Information without knowing your login and password, so do not share these with others.


We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect Personal Information within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100 secure. So, whilst we will do our best to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the FLIR Site. Any transmission is at your own risk. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of your account has been compromised), please immediately notify us in accordance with the CONTACT US section below.


PERSONAL INFORMATION SHARING.


FLIR does not rent, sell or share your Personal Information unnecessarily, or without a clearly defined purpose, and not without ensuring all the necessary protections are in place, to ensure FLIR meets all its legal obligations around the storage, transmission and processing of Personal Information, as set out by all relevant legislations within the markets that FLIR operates. When we share your Personal Information, we do not allow any third-party partners to use it for their own marketing purposes. When we do share your Personal Information, you can be assured that it will only be shared with third-party recipients who will protect your Personal Information as closely as FLIR does.


{number list}.


{list item} Affiliates: We may share your Personal Information with relevant Affiliates of FLIR so that they may assist you locally with the sale of one of our products, service, support, training, or other tasks that need local representation, or if sharing the data is necessary to making available the FLIR Site or FLIR Cloud Services to you. We are also a global enterprise comprised of a group of companies operating internationally. This entails that business functions handling Personal Information to achieve the purposes defined in this Privacy Policy are managed centrally or only by some Affiliates. FLIRs internal access permissions are strictly controlled, and so FLIR also does not allow access to your Personal Information by FLIR employees, unless the employee requires access to fulfil their role and responsibilities. All companies in the FLIR group are bound, as required by law, to ensure that Personal Informationis protected consistent with EU standards as explained in section 7 Transfer of personal data below.


{list item} Service Providers: We may also share your Personal Information with trusted third parties who work on behalf and upon the instructions of FLIR under data processing and confidentiality agreements, including providers of website hosting and cloud storage, maintenance and call centre services, packaging, mailing and delivery services, training and training venue services, credit card companies and banks, providers who answer customer questions about products or services, send postal mail, process event registrations and provide other administrative services. These third parties process the Personal Information on behalf of FLIR for the purposes above (and as specifically agreed) and may use your Personal Information to help FLIR communicate with you and for other reasons. However, these third parties do not have any independent right to process or share your Personal Information and we only share the Personal Information that enables our service providers to fulfil the specially agreed services.


{list item} Sharing Personal Information with other organizations: We may share Personal Information with other organizations, under the following circumstances:


{number list}.


{list item} FLIR may disclose your Personal Information if required to do so by law, including laws outside your country of residence, or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on FLIR; (b) protect and defend the rights, property, privacy or safety of FLIR, our affiliates, you or others; or (c) allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain; or otherwise in response to law enforcement requests (including requests from authorities outside your country of residence).


{list item} In the event that FLIR is acquired by or merged into another company, or if FLIR undergoes any reorganization, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of its business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings), all information collected will be transferred to the acquiring company as one of FLIRs assets and will be governed by the acquiring companys privacy policy, if any.


You may submit Personal Information through the Community Forum feature of the FLIR Site. Any information that you post or disclose through this feature may be available to other users and the general public. We urge you to be very careful when deciding to disclose information through the Community Forum feature.


For more information regarding these third parties, please contact us via the email address provided in the section CONTACT US below.


TRANSFERRING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


Your Personal Information may be transferred to other countries for processing, storage, administration or any other use stated in this Privacy Policy. The purposes and processing associated with any such transfer will comply with all applicable data protection regulations. Where information is transferred from the European Economic Area (EEA) outside the EEA, and where this is to a FLIR affiliate or vendor in a country that is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission, data is adequately protected by EU Commission approved standard contractual clauses, an appropriate Privacy Shield certification or a vendors Processor Binding Corporate Rules. For further information on and/or a copy of the aforementioned safeguards, please contact us directly with your questions and concerns at {removed hyperref}.


CONTROL OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


When you register, or otherwise give us Personal Information, FLIR will not share that information with third parties without your permission, other than as stated in this Privacy Policy.


When we offer the possibility to create your online user profile, we provide you with the means to ensure that your Personal Information you entered when you created the account is correct and current. You may delete, review and update the Personal Information you have provided to us at any time, by logging into your personal FLIR account, which also allows you to to change your marketing preferences. Erasure of your user profile will however not entail erasure of all your other Personal Information we may retain in all our IT systems, and for which you can avail yourself of the rights under Your rights.


YOUR RIGHTS.


You are entitled to ask FLIR to obtain access to your Personal Information and for a copy of your information, to correct it if it is inaccurate and under certain conditions, to erase it or restrict its processing, or to ask us to transfer some of this information to other organizations. You may also have the right to object to some processing activities such as direct marketing communications or when we otherwise rely on our legitimate interest as a legal basis to process your Personal Information, and, where we have asked for your consent to process your data, to withdraw this consent (all requests as per this section are jointly referred to as Individual Rights Requests).


With regard to the marketing communications that we send to you by email you may also follow the clear unsubscribe instructions, which the email marketing communication will display. Follow this instruction will end the reception of this marketing communication.


These rights may be limited in some situations for example, where we can demonstrate that we have a legal requirement to process your data. In some instances, this may mean that we are able to retain data even if you withdraw your consent.


There is no charge for exercising these Individual Rights Requests. If you wish to submit such request, then please direct it to the below address (see CONTACT US):


We may require proof of identification before fulfilling Individual Rights Request, so please provide clear and easy means on communicating with you, so, if it becomes necessary, your identification can be confirmed quickly and easily, and so FLIR can meet its obligations in terms of the duration FLIR has to respond to any Individual Rights Request you make.


Where we require Personal Information to comply with legal or contractual obligations, then provision of such data is mandatory: if such data is not provided, then we will not be able to manage our contractual relationship, or to meet obligations placed on us. In all other cases, provision of requested Personal Information is optional.


We hope that we can satisfy queries you may have about the way we process your data. If you have any concerns about how we process your data, or would like to opt out of marketing, you can get in touch with FLIR at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


In the event you have unresolved concerns, you also have the right to complain to a data protection authority. The relevant data protection authority will be the data protection authority of the country that you reside in.


USE OF COOKIES.


We use cookies on the FLIR Site. Cookies are small text files sent by a web server to your web browser and saved locally on your computer. The cookie allows the server to uniquely identify the browser on each page. Cookies do not cause any harm to your computer and do not contain viruses. You will find more detailed information in our cookie policy available under {removed hyperref}.


SOCIAL MEDIA BUTTONS.


On the FLIR Site we use the following social media plug-ins: Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram, YouTube. The plug-ins can be identified by the social media buttons marked with the logo of the provider of the respective social media networks.


When you surf on one of the FLIR Site containing such plugin, your browser loads the plug-ins and social media buttons directly from the respective social media network and integrates them into the site. Through this process the respective social media network will receive the information that your browser has loaded one of our sites, even if you do not have a profile at the respective social network or are not currently logged into your profile. This information (including your IP address) is transmitted directly from your browser to a server, which may be located outside the European Economic Area and stored there.


If you are logged into your profile, the respective social network can immediately associate your visit to the FLIR Site with your profile. The social media network will receive further information, if you interact with the plug-ins we have integrated into our site (e. g. click on one of the buttons). You can prevent such association by logging out of your account before visiting the FLIR Site or by using one of the available blockers available as add-ons for your browser.


Information on the purpose and scope of data collection and its processing by social sites can be found in the respective data protection policies of these providers, where you will also find further information on your rights and options for privacy protection.


{number list}.


{list item} Facebook Inc., 1601 S California Ave, Palo Alto, California 94304, USA: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{list item} Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, California 94103, USA: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{list item} Instagram LLC., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{list item} LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, California 94043, USA: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{list item} YouTube YouTube, LLC 901 Cherry Ave. San Bruno, CA 94066 USA: {removed href} {removed hyperref}? templateprivacyguidelines.


GOOGLE ANALYTICS.


The FLIR Site uses Google Analytics, which is a web analytics service provided by the third-party provider Google, Inc. (Google). Google Analytics is used for the purpose of evaluating your use of the FLIR Site, compiling reports on the FLIR Site activity and other services relating to the FLIR Site activity and internet usage. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the FLIR Site is usually transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. This transfer is covered by Googles Privacy Shield certification and a separate data processing agreement that we have concluded with Google. On the FLIR Site we have also activated the IP anonymisation tool {removed hyperref} (); provided by Google to help protect your privacy. This means that your IP address will automatically be shortened after it is collected so it can no longer be connected to you (see {removed hyperref}) For more information see {removed hyperref}? hlenreftopic1008008 (information on Google Analytics and data privacy).


HOW LONG WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We will only keep your Personal Information for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purpose it was initially collected for, unless we are obliged, in accordance with statutory law to retain your Personal Information for a specific minimum retention period. The length of time we store and utilize your Personal Information will therefore vary, depending on the reasons of your initial and recurring contact with us. Specific retention periods may be detailed in specific privacy notices relative to the activities concerned and you may request information on the applicable retention period from us at any time at {removed href} {removed hyperref} (or at the address provided below). After the expiration of the relevant retention period, we may retain your data for an appropriate period (but not exceeding the applicable statute of limitation under national laws) to protect ourselves from legal claims, or to administer our business. We will delete your Personal Information, when you request to erase it or withdraw your consent and there is no other legal ground for further processing (e. g. a statutory obligation to retain your Personal Information), or when you object to the processing in accordance with Your rights (see above) or when we are obliged to delete it in accordance with an obligation under applicable law.


NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.


This Notice may, from time to time, change. Such amendments might become necessary due to the need to keep the Notice up to date, given changes in FLIR business practice or in response to legislative changes, and whether they are international or national changes, and may be made without prior notice. When we change this Privacy Policy, we will also revise the Privacy Policy Version Date at the top of the Privacy Policy. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the FLIR Sites.


CONTACT US.


For any questions or concerns relating to this Notice, or our data protection practices, or to make an Individual Rights Request, please contact us at:


For customers and other data subjects in the EEA:


FLIR Systems Trading Belgium BVBA.


Luxemburgstraat 2.


2321 Meer.


Belgium.


Phone: 32 (0) 3665 5100.


E-Mail: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


For customers and other data subjects in Canada:


FLIR INTEGRATED IMAGING SOLUTIONS.


12051 Riverside Way.


V6W 1K7 Richmond,


E-Mail: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


FLIR UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS ULC.


575 Kumpf Drive Waterloo.


Ontario N2V 1K3 (519) 489-6726.


E-Mail: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


For customers and other data subjects in the US and any other geographies:


FLIR Legal Department.


FLIR Systems, Inc.


27700 SW Parkway Avenue.


Wilsonville, OR 97070.


USA.


{removed href} {removed hyperref} or {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Privacy Notice.


At FLIR Systems we know that you care about how the personal data we receive about you is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. This Privacy Notice describes FLIRs privacy practices in relation to information that we collect through websites operated by us from which you are accessing this Privacy Notice (collectively, the Domains), through the software applications made available by us for use on or through computers and mobile devices that link to this Privacy Notice (the Apps), through our social media pages and apps located at {removed href} {removed hyperref}, {removed href} {removed hyperref} {removed href} {removed hyperref} and {removed href} {removed hyperref} (collectively, the Social Media Pages), and other services provided by us both online and offline; as well as through email messages that we send to you that link to this Privacy Notice (collectively, including the Domains, the Apps and the Social Media Pages, the Sites). You or user refers to any individual who visits or otherwise uses the Sites.


This Privacy Notice does not apply to the practices of third parties that FLIR does not own or control, or to individuals that FLIR does not employ or manage.


You can request a copy of this Privacy Notice by contacting us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


1. What Types of Information Does FLIR Collect?


Personal Data. Personal Data is information that, directly or indirectly, identifies you or another individual and which may include: name, title, company name, job function, expertise, postal address, telephone number, email address, browser and device information (including IP Address), and information collected through cookies and other similar technologies. If you submit any Personal Data relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with the Sites, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Notice.


Other Information. Other Information is any information that does not and cannot be used to reveal your identity or that of another individual, such as information which has been fully and permanently anonymized and aggregated. We use this information to facilitate our operation of the Sites and for other purposes described below.


2. How Does FLIR Collect Information?


We and our service providers collect Personal Data and Other Information in a variety of ways, including:


THROUGH THE SITES: We collect information through the Sites, e. g., when you request a free trial or demo, register for a webinar, contact us, subscribe to our email newsletter, download content (e. g. whitepapers), or register to use our Sites.


OFFLINE: We collect information from you offline, such as when you attend one of our events, during phone calls with sales representatives, or when you contact a FLIR representative.


THROUGH YOU: FLIR collects information such as your location or your preferred means of communication when you voluntarily provide it. Unless combined with Personal Data, this information does not personally identify you or any other user of the Sites.


INFORMATION FROM OTHER SOURCES: In order to enhance our ability to provide relevant marketing, offers, and services to you, we obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, social media platforms, as well as from other third parties.


THROUGH YOUR BROWSER OR DEVICE: Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, Internet browser type and version, and the name and version of the Sites (such as the Apps) you are using. Your IP Address is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). An IP Address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever you access the Sites, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that you visited. Collecting IP Addresses is standard practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. FLIR uses IP Addresses to calculate usage levels of the Sites, help diagnose problems with its servers, administer the Sites, and for monitoring the regions from which you navigate to FLIRs Sites.


THROUGH YOUR USE OF THE APPS: When you download and use an App, we and our service providers track and collect App usage data, such as the date and time the App on your device accesses our servers and what information and files have been downloaded to the App based on your device number.


THROUGH COOKIES AND OTHER SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES: Cookies include commonly used pieces of information in the form of small files that are placed on an individuals device to enable the individual to more easily communicate and interact with the Sites. When you visit our Sites, we may send one or more cookies to your device. They enable us to store information about your device which helps us, amongst other things, to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Sites and enhance the level of services and functions provided. We also use third parties to serve advertisements on other websites that may be of interest to you, based on information collected about your use of our Sites and other websites. To do so, these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie or similar on your browser. FLIR recognizes automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include do not track instructions. Please review our Cookies Policy for more information.


BY AGGREGATING INFORMATION: Aggregated Personal Data does not personally identify you or any other user of the Sites (for example, we may aggregate Personal Data to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code).


3. How Does FLIR Use Personal Data?


WE USE PERSONAL DATA:


To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to send you requested materials and newsletters, as well as information and materials regarding our products and services.


To send administrative information to you, for example, information regarding the Sites and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.


To send you marketing communications, including via email and SMS in compliance with applicable laws and in accordance with your preferences, that we believe may be of interest to you.


To personalize your experience on the Sites by presenting products and offers tailored to you.


To allow you to participate in sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions and to administer these activities. Some of these activities have additional rules, which could contain additional information about how we use and disclose your Personal Data, so we suggest that you read these rules carefully.


For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products, enhancing, improving or modifying our Sites and services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities.


As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our Affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our Affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.


Our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described above will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. We will collect and use your Personal Data where the processing is in our legitimate business interests, such as for direct marketing and sales of FLIR Products and Solutions. Our legal basis for processing Personal Data in certain circumstances will also be based on your consent to do so or where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you or in order to enter into a contract with you. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you.


If we ask you to provide Personal Data to comply with a legal requirement or to enter into a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Data).


4. How Will FLIR Share Personal Data It Receives?


SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES:


We disclose Personal Data to our subsidiaries and Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice. FLIR Systems, Inc. is the party responsible for the management of the jointly-used Personal Data.


THIRD-PARTY BUSINESS PARTNERS:


FLIR partners with a variety of businesses and works closely with them to market or sell products or services. In certain situations, these businesses operate within the Sites. We may disclose Personal Data to our partners for the purposes described above. Some of our third-party business partners co-sponsor events and other offerings with FLIR. We may share Personal Data with these co-sponsors when you sign up for events or offerings to allow our partners to send you marketing communications and information that may be of interest to you, as permitted under applicable law.


AGENTS AND SERVICE PROVIDERS:


We contract with other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and share your Personal Data with some of them to provide products or services to you, or to otherwise communicate with you, such as to provide marketing or offers on our behalf. Examples include removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, conducting billing, processing credit card payments, engaging technical support for our services, providing customer service, and performing analysis related to our products or services. We also provide your Personal Data to agents and service providers to verify or compile aggregate usage data that we provide to our partners. When we share this information in this way, we require the agent or service provider to maintain the privacy, confidentiality and security of the Personal Data.


SWEEPSTAKES:


We share Personal Data with business partners or other third party sponsors of sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions from time to time.


FLIR BLOG AND SOCIAL MEDIA PAGES:


Personal Data may also be disclosed by you through the Sites, on message boards, chat, profile pages and blogs and other services to which you are able to post information and materials (including, without limitation, our FLIR Blog, and Social Media Pages). This information can appear in public ways, such as through search engines or other publicly available platforms, and can be crawled or searched by third parties. Please do not post any information that you do not want to reveal to the public at large.


BUSINESS TRANSFERS:


In some cases, we buy or sell assets or businesses. In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. FLIR will disclose Personal Data to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).


PROFILING AND AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING:


FLIR combines data obtained by the methods described in Section 2 to help us determine what products and services might be of interest to you and when you might be ready to make a purchase based on repeated interaction with FLIR websites, emails, and content. FLIR marketing and sales personnel are involved in this process and no automated decisions are made that would result in legal effects or similarly significantly affect an individual.


PROTECTION OF FLIR AND OTHERS:


We release Personal Data as we believe necessary and appropriate to law enforcement, tax, fraud prevention, credit risk agencies and other companies and organizations for the reasons given in the last bullet point under Section 3 above.


5. How Does FLIR Use and Disclose Other Information?


We use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Data under applicable law, then we would use or disclose it in the same way that we use and disclose Personal Data.


In some instances, we may combine Other Information with Personal Data (such as combining your name with the name of your organization). If that combination permits you to be identified, we will treat the combined information as Personal Data for as long as it is combined.


6. How Does FLIR Secure Personal Data About Me?


We have implemented appropriate organizational, technical, and administrative measures to protect Personal Data within our organization, including security controls to prevent unauthorized access to our systems. While we take reasonable steps to secure your Personal Data from loss, misuse, interference and unauthorized access, modification and disclosure, you should be aware no security procedures or protocols are ever guaranteed to be 100 percent secure from intrusion or hacking, and there is therefore always some risk assumed by sharing Personal Data online. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of your account has been compromised), please immediately notify us in accordance with the Questions, Concerns and Complaints section below.


7. How Can I Access, Correct, Amend or Remove Information About Me?


If you would like to access, correct, amend, remove or limit the use or disclosure of any Personal Data about you that has been collected and stored by FLIR, or have it transferred to another organization, please notify us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} so that we may consider and respond to your request in accordance with applicable law. If you would like to object to the processing of your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, please use the mechanisms outlined in Section 9 (What Choices Do I Have?).


For your protection, we only implement requests with respect to the Personal Data associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will respond to your request within 30 days.


Please note that we need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting such access, change or deletion.


8. For How Long Will FLIR Retain My Personal Data?


We will retain your Personal Data for a period of time consistent with the original purpose of collection, including to pursue our legitimate business interests, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce applicable agreements.


9. What Choices Do I Have?


You can always opt not to disclose information. However, if you elect to do so, we will likely be limited in responding to your inquiry or providing services to you.


You can opt-out of receiving marketing messages from FLIR or our Affiliates by unsubscribing through the unsubscribe or opt-out link in an email or by sending an email to {removed href} {removed hyperref}. We will comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that if you opt-out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages.


10. Can Children Use FLIRs Sites?


The Sites are not intended for minors under the age of 18. FLIR does not knowingly or specifically collect information about minors under the age of 18 and believes that children of any age should get their parents or legal guardians consent before providing any Personal Data. If you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected such information, please notify us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} so that we can delete the information from our servers.


11. Third Party Sites.


The Sites permit you to link to other websites on the Internet through direct links or through applications such as share or like buttons, and other websites likewise may contain links to the Sites. The information practices or content of such other websites is governed by the privacy statements of those websites and not by this Privacy Notice. We encourage you to review the privacy policies found on such other websites, services, and applications to understand how your information is collected and used by them.


Similarly, please note that we are not responsible for the collection, use and disclosure policies and practices (including the data security practices) of other organizations, such as Apple, Facebook, Google, LinkedIn, Microsoft, RIM, Twitter or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer, including any Personal Data you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the Apps or the Social Media Pages.


12. Sensitive Information.


We ask that you not send us or disclose any sensitive Personal Data (e. g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, sexual orientation, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background, or trade union membership) on or through the Sites or via other means.


13. Changes to this Privacy Notice.


FLIR may amend this Privacy Notice from time to time. The Effective Date legend at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Notice was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Notice will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Notice on the Sites. 14. International Transfer of Data.


Your Personal Data may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Sites or disclosing information to us you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, Australia, Germany, Ireland, Israel, Japan, and the UK, which could have different data protection rules than those of your country or the country in which you were located when you initially provided the information. Where required, we put in place a solution to ensure that Personal Data transferred outside of the EEA is subject to adequate protection, namely the European Commission Standard Contractual Clauses.


14. Questions, Concerns or Complaints.


Your privacy is important to us. If you have any questions, concerns, or complaints regarding the way we collect and handle your information as a data Controller, please contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO) by email at {removed href} {removed hyperref}, or by mail at: FLIR Systems Trading Belgium BVBA, Luxemburgstraat 2321 Meer, Belgium Phone: 32 (0) 3665 5100 ATTN: Privacy Officer, Legal.


Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card information or other sensitive information in your emails to us.


FLIR will take any privacy complaint seriously and any complaint will be assessed by an appropriate person with the aim of resolving any issue in a timely and efficient manner. We request that you cooperate with us during this process and provide us with any relevant information that we may need.


Use of Cookies.


{removed href}.


We use cookies to make our website easier for you to use. By using the site you consent to the use of cookies. {removed href}.


{removed href}.


{removed href} {removed href} {removed href} {removed href} Learn more or change cookie settings {removed href} Privacy Policy {removed href} {removed href} {removed href}.


{removed href}.


Accept and CloseFeedback.


