


{removed href} Skip to main content {removed href} Privacy and Cookie Policy.


EFFECTIVE DATE: OCTOBER 5TH 2020.


Introduction.


At Cambridge Audio we are committed to ensuring that your personal information is protected and never misused.


Our privacy policy explains what personal information we collect, why we collect it, how we use it, the control you have over your personal information and the procedures we have in place to protect your personal information. It applies to personal information we collect through our Cambridge Audio websites, through Cambridge Audio apps and through our connected products (explained in more detail below).


By sharing your personal information with us, and by continuing to use our websites, apps and connected products, you confirm that you have read and understood the terms of this privacy policy. We take responsibility for the personal information we collect about you, and we aim to be transparent about how we handle it, and give you control over it.


This Privacy Policy describes the data protection practices of Cambridge Audio (Cambridge Audio, we, us, or our). Cambridge Audio is part of Audio Partnership PLC, Gallery Court, Hankey Place, London SE1 4BB UK (Company number 2953313 registered in England Wales).


If you have any questions, comments or concerns about any aspect of this policy or how Cambridge Audio handles your information please email us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Privacy principles.


Privacy policies can be complicated. We have tried to make ours as clear and as accessible as possible. To help, we have also summarised how we handle your personal information at Cambridge Audio in our privacy principles below. These principles demonstrate our commitment to protecting your privacy and handling your personal information in the right way and as you would expect it to be handled.


At Cambridge Audio we:


{number list}.


{list item} Will only ask for or collect the personal information we need to provide and improve the service, products and experiences our customers expect.


{list item} Give you control over the personal information we hold about you to ensure it is accurate and reflects your preferences.


{list item} Make sure your personal information is always secure and protected.


{list item} Are fair and transparent about how we use the personal information we hold.


{list item} Only ever use your personal information for the purpose that you trusted us to use it for.


{list item} Will never sell your personal information and only share it as outlined in our privacy policy or when you ask us to.


{list item} Respect your choices and will inform you if there are important changes that affect your personal information or how we use it.


{list item} Take responsibility for the personal information that we hold about you.


What personal information do we collect?


We are not interested in collecting every personal detail about you. Our main reason for collecting your personal information is to provide and improve the service, products and experiences that you and our customers expect from us.


Personal information is defined slightly differently across the world. To guarantee your privacy and the protection of your information, we define it as any information that could be used to identify you or another individual.


We collect personal information from you in a number of different ways; you may share that information with us, or we may collect it using other means. In this section, we explain the different ways we collect personal information from you and some ways in which that information will be used. For more detail on how we use your personal information, please see the section titled How do we use your personal information?.


Information you share with us.


We collect personal information that you share with us when you contact us or interact with us through our website, apps, email, phone or otherwise. You can decide not to provide certain information, or ask that any information you have previously shared is removed. If you do so, you may not be able to take full advantage of our products, technology and service.


For example, you may provide information to us when you contact our customer service teams, place an order, register your warranty, complete a survey, competition or questionnaire, update your preferences and account information, connect through a Cambridge Audio app or rate one of our products on our website.


Through these interactions you may share with us: your name, address, e-mail address, contact number and payment information. You may also share details of other people; for example, if you have bought a product for that other person. In those circumstances, you will need to check with that person that they are happy for you to share their personal information with us, and for us to use it in accordance with this privacy policy.


Information from Cambridge Audio products and apps.


As well as the personal information you share with us about yourself and your Cambridge Audio product, we may collect and handle personal information directly from your Cambridge Audio connected products and Cambridge Audio apps. A connected product is a Cambridge Audio product that is smart, internet enabled or operated through a Cambridge Audio app.


We collect data from your device to allow us to improve our products. All data is stored securely in the European Union and only handled by us. We do not pass any data to third parties.


We collect data for the following uses:


Software update: To provide software upgrades to your devices we use the unit ID and model number to select what software the device should be running. We also aggregate upgrade data to allow us to monitor the update to software updates.


Crash reports: These allow us to improve the software on the units by understanding when, how and how often the software crashes. As well as looking at aggregated data, we will look at individual crash reports to fix specific bugs, or in response to customer support queries. The crash data includes information on what the device is doing just before the crash and other UPnP devices on the network.


Usage data: This includes what sources you use for how long, but not what you are playing, and various settings of the device (for example: language, network standby mode). This data is aggregated to allow us to understand how our products are used.


Some of our connected products may not be able to operate without collecting location information, or other personal information, and so by registering for the app and using a connected product you agree to this use of the information.


From time to time, Cambridge Audio may aggregate and/or anonymize any information collected through the services so that such information can no longer be linked to you or your device (Aggregate/Anonymous Information). We may use Aggregate/Anonymous Information for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes.


Information from your online interactions.


We collect and handle information from all visitors to our websites, whether you actively provide us with that information or merely browse our websites. The information we collect includes the internet protocol (IP) address of the device you are using, the browser software you use, your operating system, the date and time of access, the internet address of the website from which you link through to our website and information on how you use our websites.


We use this information so that we can see how long our websites take to load, how they are used, the number of visitors to the different sections of our websites, and what information visitors look at most.


We also collect and handle information about how you engage with our promotional campaigns and advertising online, outside of our own websites (for example, on Google, YouTube or on social media).


That information is, predominantly, collected through our use of cookies and similar technologies.


Certain features of our services make it possible for you to share comments publicly with other users. Any information that you submit through such features is not confidential, and Cambridge Audio may use it for any purpose (including in testimonials or other marketing materials). For example, if you submit a product review on one of our sites, we may display your review (along with the name provided, if any) on other Cambridge Audio websites and on third-party websites.


From time to time, Cambridge Audio may aggregate and/or anonymize any information collected through the services so that such information can no longer be linked to you or your device (Aggregate/Anonymous Information). We may use Aggregate/Anonymous Information for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes.


Cookies.


When you use our websites we may also use information collected by cookies. Cookies are small text files that websites save onto your device via your web browser. Theyve been around since the mid-1990s and are one of the most widely used technologies on the internet.


Some cookies that we use will collect personal information about you. Any personal information that is collected will be used in accordance with this privacy policy. By continuing to use our websites, you accept that cookies may be set on your device.


For further information, including on the types of cookies that we use and how to manage cookies placed on our websites, please refer to our cookies policy.


Email Communications.


As a user of our products or services, we will send you communications by e-mail.


As long as you are happy for us to do so, we would also like to keep you posted on anything thats happening at Cambridge Audio which we think you might like to know about; whether its our latest product announcements, owner offers or upcoming events, we want to make sure youre happy with the communications you receive from us. You can find out how to update or change whether you would like to hear from us, or stop us contacting you, in the section below titled How can you change the way that we contact you?


We collect information about how you engage with our e-mails; including whether they are delivered to you, whether you open them, whether you choose to learn more about whats happening at Cambridge Audio (for example, by clicking on a link in our e-mail) and if you ask us not to contact you anymore (by clicking on the unsubscribe option included in all our e-mail correspondence).


We use that information by itself and in combination with our customer record (the information you share with us) to make sure that we stop sending you support or marketing communications when you ask us to. We also use it to make our e-mails as interesting as possible by providing you with content and experiences that we think you may be interested in based on how you have engaged with our previous e-mails; you have the right to object to our use of your information for this purpose (see the section below titled Your controls and choices).


We use the 3rd party company MailChimp to send and manage information emails that we send to you. The collected information is transferred to MailChimp and processed by MailChimp and certain of MailChimps sub-processors.


MailChimps Privacy Policy can be reviewed at {removed href} {removed hyperref}/


Social Media.


We love interacting with you on social media. You may use social media to contact us about your Cambridge Audio products, or to let people know what you think about your Cambridge Audio product. We review publicly available social media and online sites to get a better understanding of what people are saying about us, and our products, technology and services and to assist consumers who prefer to contact us through social media.


The information we collect from social media and online sites sometimes includes personal information that has been put online and is publicly available. We make sure any information we use is properly credited to its source or is made anonymous.


These online and social media sites may have their own privacy policies explaining how they use and share your personal information. You should carefully review those privacy policies before you use these sites to make sure that you are happy with how your personal information is being collected and shared.


How do we use your personal information?


Our main reason for collecting and using your personal information is to provide and improve the service, products and experiences that you expect from us.


Information you share with us.


We use the personal information you share with us in the following ways:


{number list}.


{list item} To respond to your queries and requests;


{list item} To communicate with you;


{list item} To complete and fulfil a purchase.


{number list}.


{list item} For example we use the services of the 3rd party payment service provider Braintree Payments (a service of PayPal) for payment processing and fraud prevention.


{list item} PayPal act as a data processor.


{list item} For customer satisfaction surveys and to allow us to improve your experience should you need support from one of our experts;


{number list}.


{list item} For example we use the services of the 3rd party company Zendesk to manage our support interactions with you.


{list item} Zendesk act as a data processor.


{list item} To provide updates to you about any changes to Cambridge Audios policies, terms and conditions and any other matters which we may need to tell you;


{list item} As long as you are happy for us to do so, to tell you about our other products and services;


{list item} To provide you with essential service updates about your Cambridge Audio products;


{list item} In combination with personal information we collect from Cambridge Audio products and apps, information about how you engage with our e-mails and information from your online interactions, for profiling and statistical analysis (we have set out further information on how we combine personal information in other relevant sections of this privacy policy);


{list item} To customise and improve the way that you shop with us in the future; for example, by showing you products and offers that we think you might like, both on our websites and apps and on certain third party websites (including on social media platforms).


Information from Cambridge Audio products and apps.


We use the personal information we collect from Cambridge Audio products and apps, by itself and in combination with your customer record (the information you share with us), in the following ways:


To monitor the performance and stability of our products so that we can optimise their performance and your experience of them; in particular, we want to be able to identify when there may be an issue with your product so that we can let you know about it as soon as possible (and potentially before the issue actually arises);


To provide updates and services to our connected products (which includes updates and upgrades to software and our apps);


To improve our products, technology and services generally;


For profiling and statistical analysis of how our products are used generally.


We also want to be able to monitor your use of our connected products and apps, so that we can:


{number list}.


{list item} customise and improve the way that we engage with you in future (for example, by showing you products and offers online that we think you might like);


{list item} (as long as you are happy for us to do so) send you more relevant and interesting marketing communications.


You have the right to object to our monitoring of your use of our connected products and apps for these purposes. For more information on how to exercise your right to object, see the section below titled Your controls and choices.


Information from your online interactions.


We use the personal information from your online interactions, by itself and in combination with your customer record (the information you share with us), in the following ways:


{number list}.


{list item} To identify any part of our website that isnt working as well as it should - so we can fix things and make our websites better for you and other users;


{list item} For profiling and statistical analysis of product popularity, and of our customers behaviour when using our websites or apps.


We also want to be able to monitor your use of our websites and how you engage with our promotional campaigns and advertising online, so that we can:


{number list}.


{list item} customise and improve the way that you shop with us in future (for example, by showing you products and offers that we think you might like);


{list item} (as long as you are happy for us to do so) send you more relevant and interesting marketing communications.


You have the right to object to our monitoring of your use of our websites and how you engage with our promotional campaigns and advertising online for these purposes. For more information on how to exercise your right to object, see the section below entitled Your controls and choices.


Other potential uses of your personal information.


We also use your personal information:


{number list}.


{list item} To assist in any disputes, claims or investigations relating to your Cambridge Audio product or warranty matters;


{list item} To detect and prevent fraudulent transactions;


{list item} To comply with our legal obligations.


How can you change the way that we contact you about our products, services and support?


We will only send you marketing communications when you have told us that you are happy for us to do so.


You can change the way that we contact you in the following ways:


Opt-In/Start Contacting Me.


If you hadnt previously asked us to send you marketing communications, you can ask us to start contacting you (sometimes called an opt-in) by:


{number list}.


{list item} Contacting Cambridge Audio customer support {removed href} {removed hyperref} and stating that you would like to receive communications from us.


{list item} Opting-in to subscribe to the newsletter when registering your product at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{list item} Opting-in to subscribe to the newsletter when purchasing a product on our website.


Changing your preferences.


If you have previously said that you would like us to contact you (opted-in) but would like to change or update the way that we do so, you can update your preferences by:


{number list}.


{list item} Contacting Cambridge Audio customer support {removed href} {removed hyperref} and stating that you would like to change or update the way that we contact you.


{list item} Selecting Update your preferences at the bottom of any marketing email that we send to you and amending the settings.


Opt-Out/Stop Contacting Me.


If you want to stop receiving marketing from us (sometimes called opting out), you can do so at any time by:


{number list}.


{list item} Contacting Cambridge Audio customer support {removed href} {removed hyperref} stating that you no longer wish to receive such communications.


{list item} Using the unsubscribe option included in all our e-mail correspondence (on all marketing communications).


{list item} Emailing our us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


What personal information does Cambridge Audio share with third parties?


Most importantly, we never sell your personal information to anyone and only share it as outlined in this privacy policy or when you ask us to.


Third parties who provide services on our behalf.


We share your personal information with certain third parties who provide services on our behalf. They only have access to the personal information they need to perform those services. They are required to keep your personal information confidential and may not use it other than as we ask them to and always in accordance with this privacy policy.


Third parties who provide services on our behalf.


{number list}.


{list item} Other Audio Partnership Plc companies which may be located outside of your country of residence;


{list item} Our distributors, who help us to sell our products in certain countries;


{list item} Those helping us to deliver products to you;


{list item} Third parties that help us with mailing services, product services and repairs, processing product purchases, financial services, audit services, administrative services, IT technologies (e. g. data storage), security services and insurance claims;


{list item} Third parties that help us to provide services and responses to you;


{list item} Third parties that assist us with our marketing, helping us to understand how well our online advertising works, to reach people who are more interested in Cambridge Audio products, by setting cookies on our websites (more information on this can be found in our cookies policy cookies policy;


{list item} Social media platforms who serve our advertising on their platforms on our behalf (and who we may securely share your personal information with in order to serve this advertising to both you and/or others).


We also share certain personal information with third parties who help us to detect and prevent fraudulent transactions. The information we share with those third parties includes some of the information that you share with us (such as, your contact details and information about the transaction), and some of the information from your online interactions (such as the IP address of your device). That information is used to determine whether a transaction could be fraudulent. One of the third parties we use to help us detect and prevent fraudulent transactions is a service called Braintree Payments (a PayPal service); they are responsible for their use of your personal information and will use it for the purposes set out in their privacy policy {removed href} ({removed hyperref}).


We will also share your personal information if we are required to do so by law, including in response to a legal process, such as a court order or subpoena, or to comply with other national, state, provincial or local laws.


We take responsibility for the personal information that you share with us and require those third parties with whom we share your personal information to apply the same level of privacy protection as is contained in this privacy policy.


If you would like more information on how we share your personal information, please email us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Interaction of connected products with third party products.


We have added functionality to some of our connected products which allows your Cambridge Audio product to interact with certain third-party services.


If you choose to allow your Cambridge Audio device to interact with a third-party product (e. g. Spotify), certain information (including potentially personal information) will need to be shared with the third party product and the relevant third party provider. Generally, we will need to share a unique reference number to connect the two products, and information about your product and how you use it. We only share the minimum amount of personal information that we need to, to enable the two products to interact (e. g., to display your recently-played Spotify playlist within Cambridge Audio connected products and mobile applications). Details of how the third party uses your personal information (as well as any personal information which it collects through its own product) are set out in the third partys privacy policy. You should carefully review third parties privacy policies before using their products, and before connecting them with your Cambridge Audio product. You can stop your Cambridge Audio connected product from sharing information with the third-party product by disabling the connection between the two.


If you want to find out more about what information is shared between your Cambridge Audio product, and a third party product, please email us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


The Legal Bases for Using Personal Information.


There are different legal bases that we rely on to use your personal information, namely:


Performance of a contract.


The use of your personal information may be necessary to perform the agreement you have with us. For example, to complete your purchase of a product, to register and maintain your account, to help with delivery issues, to handle returns, and to make sure that your product performs its basic functions in a secure way or to respond to your requests.


Consent.


Where you have explicitly given us your consent to contact you. For example, signing up for our Newsletter or product updates.


Legitimate interests.


In specific situations, we require your data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and which does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests. For example, we rely on our legitimate interest to analyse and improve our products and services and the content on our websites and app, or to use your personal information for administrative, fraud detection or legal purposes.


Where we process your personal information based on our legitimate interest and no opt-out mechanism is available to you, you may exercise your right to object by sending an email to {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


How long do we keep your personal information?


In specific situations, we require your data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and which does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests. For example, we rely on our legitimate interest to analyse and improve our products and services and the content on our websites and app, or to use your personal information for administrative, fraud detection or legal purposes.


Where we process your personal information based on our legitimate interest and no opt-out mechanism is available to you, you may exercise your right to object by sending an email to {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Your controls and choices.


We give you control over the personal information we collect about you, to ensure it is accurate and reflects your preferences. For more information on how to change the way that we contact you, see the section above titled How can you change the way that we contact you about our products, services and support?.


You have the right to access, update and amend personal information that we hold about you. If the law in your country allows us to impose a fee for giving you access, we will communicate this to you in response to your request.


In certain circumstances, you can also:


{number list}.


{list item} object to our use of your personal information for certain purposes;


{list item} ask us to limit or restrict our use of your personal information;


{list item} ask us to remove or delete personal information about you;


{list item} provide your personal information to a third-party provider of services.


If you would like to exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal information, please e-mail {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


How do we protect your personal information?


We are committed to protecting your personal information. We use appropriate technical and organisational measures, including encryption, to protect your personal information and privacy, and review those regularly. We protect your personal information using a combination of physical and IT security controls, including access controls that restrict and manage the way in which your personal information and data is processed, managed and handled. However, no method of transmission over the internet, and no means of electronic or physical storage, is absolutely secure. As such, you acknowledge and accept that we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to, through, or on our services or via the Internet and that any such transmission is at your own risk.


We also ensure that our staff are adequately trained in protecting your personal information. Our procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we share your personal information with you.


In the unlikely event that we do suffer a security breach which compromises our protection of your personal information and we need to let you know about it, we will do so.


Data transfers, storage and the global handling of your personal information.


Cambridge Audio is headquartered in the United Kingdom (UK).


We collect personal information in the country in which you live. We then host and store that information in the European Economic Area (EEA). Those third parties that we share your personal information with may handle or transfer your personal information outside of the UK, and outside of the EEA, to other countries in which they have facilities.


We will make sure that both any transfer of your personal information by us or by the third parties that we share your personal information with, and our handling of your personal information, complies with those laws which apply to us. In any case, our transfer, storage and handling of your personal information will continue to be governed by this privacy policy.


By submitting your personal information to us, and by using our websites, apps or connected products, you agree to us transferring, storing and handling your personal information in this way.


Links to third party websites.


We may provide links to other websites which are not operated and controlled by Cambridge Audio.


We have no control over and are not responsible for the content of those sites or how the third parties responsible for them collect and use your personal information. We do not endorse or make any representations about third party websites.


Third party websites may have their own privacy policies explaining how they use and share your personal information. You should carefully review those privacy policies before you use these websites to make sure that you are happy with how your personal information is being collected and shared.


Children.


Cambridge Audios websites, apps and products are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children.


If you are a child, please do not attempt to become a registered user of our websites, apps or products or otherwise provide us with any personal information. If we learn that we have inadvertently obtained personal information from a child, we will delete that information as soon as possible.


If you are aware of a child who has provided their personal information to us, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Cambridge Audio careers.


The Cambridge Audio careers page ({removed href} {removed hyperref}) uses your personal information to provide you with information or services that you have requested including supporting your application for employment at Cambridge Audio.


If you have any questions about the handling of your employment application data, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Changes to this privacy policy.


We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time to reflect changes in the law, our data collection and use practices, the features of our services, or advances in technology. We will make the revised Privacy Policy accessible through the Cambridge Audio website, so you should review the policy periodically. You can know if the Privacy Policy has changed since the last time you reviewed it by checking the Effective Date included at the beginning of the document. If we make a material change to the policy, you will be provided with appropriate notice in accordance with legal requirements. By continuing to use our services, you are confirming that you have read and understood the latest version of this Privacy Policy.


Contact us.


If you have any questions, comments or concerns, or would like to make a complaint about how we use the personal information we hold about you, please email {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


If, after speaking to us, you are not satisfied with our response, you can contact the relevant regulator or authority in your country that is responsible for handling complaints about the use of personal information.


Cookie Policy.


What is a cookie?


A cookie is a small text file, which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer or mobile phone (referred to here as a device) browser from a websites computer and is stored on your devices hard drive. There are various types of cookies which perform different functions, such as remembering which items you have placed in your shopping basket or recording your browsing habits. The information recorded by the cookie is retrieved on the users next visit to the site.


For more information about cookies, visit {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


How we use cookies.


Many cookies on our websites perform essential functions; for example, remembering which items you have placed in your shopping basket.


Other cookies are not essential, but they help us understand how our websites are used by visitors, so that we can improve what we do online. We use Web Analytics tools for this. They look at things like how long our websites take to load, how they are used, and what information visitors to our sites look at most. They also help identify any parts of our websites that arent working as well as they should - so we can fix things and make our websites better for you and other users.


A third type of cookie lets us know how well our online advertising works, and where we should place our online advertisements. These cookies let us know if one of our advertisements on another website like Google or Yahoo has sent a visitor to our website.


We may also use cookies to help us reach people who are more interested in Cambridge Audio products. So if you visit a Cambridge Audio website you may see our advertisements on other sites. This is known as remarketing or behavioural advertising.


We do not link information collected from cookies with any records we may have of you as a customer of Cambridge Audio.


How to manage cookies.


Most web browsers will accept cookies, but if you would rather that we did not collect data in this way you can choose to accept all or some or reject cookies in your browsers privacy settings. Rejecting all cookies means that certain features cannot then be provided to you and accordingly you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the websites features and you may be prevented from completing your purchase online. Each browser is different so check the Help menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.


On {removed hyperref}, cookies record information about your online preferences, remember information about you when you visit our site and compile statistical reports on website activity. Some cookies are used that are essential in order to provide our services to you.


During the course of any visit, your navigation through the site is recorded by a cookie that is downloaded to your device. The information recorded is retrieved on a repeat visit to the site by checking to see, and finding, the cookie left there on the last visit.


Information supplied by cookies can help us to analyse the profile of our visitors and help us to provide you with a better user experience.


Your acknowledgement.


By continuing to use our websites, you accept that cookies may be set on your device, as outlined in this cookies policy.


{removed href} {removed href} {removed href} {removed href} {removed href}.


Hi, it looks like youre in.


{removed href}.


