


{number list}.


{list item} Scope Bryton Inc. appreciate the interest you have shown in our products and services by visiting our websites (Websites). This Privacy Policy outlines our guidelines for the information Bryton collects when You interact with Bryton, such as when You visit our Websites, when You use the products and services offered by Bryton, like Bryton ACTIVE ({removed hyperref}) service, when You subscribe to our newsletter or when You call our Customer Support. The original privacy policy is written and edited in Traditional Chinese. In the event any translation of this Policy is prepared for convenience or any other purpose, the provisions of the Traditional Chinese version shall prevail.


Bryton privacy policy is public and carry out by Bryton Inc. (theBryton). According to the new Euro General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Bryton have this new Privacy Policy (The Policy) to improve our protection of End Users privacy. Also follow the GDPR, Bryton disclosures the type of privacy information to our end user. The Policy will show to the user when login to Bryton active website, sign up for a new client service case or access the web pages through Bryton APP. Bryton need our End User to know The Policy and agree to use our service under it. Every new amendment of The Policy go public, end users will have to accept again. With different device to check The Policy, the hardware limitation may showed differently but all the same content. End user shall accept The Policy after reading all terms, so the info about each user can be covered and Bryton could provide service continually. End Users are free to reject The Policy, users can still use their Bryton products.


{list item} To meet GDPR.


1. The Bryton clients information, the reasons to keep and users selection:


{number list}.


{list item} 1. 1 Bryton GPS Cycling Computer(Product) User will have to input several information into a product when the first time using one. With the information the Product can identify and assist user to know his/her own status in exercise, user could have better control of his/her performance with a Product assisting. The information user may input into a Product includes Gender, Birth, Height, Weight, MHR, LTHR, FTP, MAP, Bike Weight and Wheel Diameter. The geographical information is also required, the Altitude is the very info usually needed. Product will collect the GPS signal automatically to record users moving track. The data from Speed, Cadence, Energy and Heart Rate sensor is also collected automatically, if there is correspondence sensor on the users bike. All the data will be used to convert into the display data on Product. All the information user input and data Product collected will be keep in the Product until the data is erased, re-write or renewed. Owner of a Bryton Product also an owner of privacy information in it, owner can add up, renew or erase information with the Product inner function. If an owner of a Bryton Product willing to accept free Bryton Cloud Service, which means to use the internet cloud backup free space offered freely by Bryton, will have to agree The Policy first. Once The Policy is agreed, a client can upload all his data in Product as a backup. A client can check the backup via Bryton internet website. To use the Product without Bryton free cloud service will be no differences, the cloud service is not a part of the Product.


{list item} 1. 2 Customer service Information(Taiwan Only) Client has problem with his Product can come to Bryton website and ask for help. This process will require the client to fill in contact information, includes username, e-mail address, cell phone number, nation or location. When customer service personnel of Bryton answer the question will use the information that client leave on the website. All the discussion and the service feedback will be keeping on the customer service record and the client can have a serial number and link in the answering mail to re-check the record. One link can reach only one record refer to one case. After the clients request is closed. The record of the very case can be removed by the customer service personnel with the clients request to do so.


{list item} 1. 3 The free Bryton cloud backup service During the using of a Product, the users data kept recording. The users information includes the data mentioned in The Policy section 1. 1 and other collected from the sensor the user have. Bryton offer the free cloud service for clients to do the data backup. Client have his/her own rights to decide to use the free cloud service or not. A client can check his/her backup on the Bryton free cloud via Bryton APP or PC and delete them via Bryton App or the Bryon website. ({removed hyperref}) The update of the backup data can be upload from the Product. To stop the data upload, client can simply set the upload function off.


{list item} 1. 4 Bryton APP A client can easily acquire Bryton App from App store (for IOS) or google play (for Android). To use Bryton APP, client will have to input username and E-mail to register an account. Bryton App can help client use mobile device access bryton website. The information a client input into the APP, the information will automatically upload to the Bryton Cloud and combine with clients backup. The same as section 1. 3, the data can be easily checked by client through APP or via PC. A client can delete the file if he/she wants to.


{list item} 1. 5 Client sent the information to other website For clients convenience, Bryton Product add up quick linking for user to transford to Strava, TrainingPeaks, SelfLoop or other user data upload website. However the information user select to transford to other website, Bryton take none responsibility. Clients will have to check the data privacy policy with the website they are using.


2. Employees of bryton to reach the privacy data.


{number list}.


{list item} 2. 1 Only the following personnel is allowed to reach the data.


2. 1. 1 Customer service person.


As previous mentioned in section 1. 2, customer service person can read and use the information to contact the client who place a request.


2. 1. 2 Cloud server manager.


Bryton free cloud service need a manager to take care of the server and maintains.


{list item} 2. 2 Only necessary personnel Only the mentioned employees can be allowed to reach the data from the clients, other personnel cannot, in any way, reach the data from the clients.


3. Other declearations.


{number list}.


{list item} 3. 1 Bryton might use the upload data which is separated with personal identifications in statistic. The data will never used to identify specific person.


{list item} 3. 2 When a client deletes one of his/her backup files, the data might be still kept in the server. This is because of the server data security procedure and the data cannot be reached only when the server crushed and restored. This situation could least no more then 6 months.


{list item} 3. 3 The free cloud backup service is only an extra service and Bryton has no responsibility for keeping the data alive.


{list item} 3. 4 If there is any reason the free cloud backup service will have to be turned off, there will be a reasonable period of prior announcement for the clients to download his/her data. Still, there will be no responsibility for Bryton to keep every and each data to be accessible or downloadable.


{list item} 3. 5 Because of the Chinese regulation, Product sold in China area will be settled to link to the server located in China. In this situation, the clientsdata will only kept in the server located in China. When the client who bought Product in China area may not reach the data when his travels in other countries.


{list item} 3. 6 Every new version of the Bryton Privacy Policy announced, the client will be asked to check again.


{list item} 3. 7 If there is any further questions for Bryton, please mail it to the address: {removed href} {removed hyperref} Bryton customer service person will give a feedback ASAP.


{list item} Collection of Information by Bryton The Personal Information we gather from You helps us learn about our visitors and customers. We use this information to provide You with our products and services and the products and services of our carefully selected partners, to develop new products and services, to better tailor the features, performance and support of our products and services, and to offer You additional information and opportunities.


We collect Personal Information that You submit to us voluntarily through our Websites and Your use of our products and services. We may collect Anonymous Information passively or actively. The types of Personal Information and Anonymous Information we collect are:


If You set up a Bryton account, we will collect Your contact details such as name, address, gender, email address and country and the serial number of Your Bryton device.


as well as, if appreciated, the information You provide us with in order to receive the newsletter of Your preference.


If You buy products or services from our webstore, we will collect Your full name, the name of Your company (if applicable), Your postal address (for shipping and billing.


purposes), e-mail, phone number, and all the information we need to process Your payment of the purchase amount and the fulfilment of Your purchase and/or subscrip.


tion, such as a bank account number or a credit card number.


If You request customer support services for Bryton products and/or services, we will collect Personal Information to enable us to provide customer support services to.


You, including Your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and contact preferences. We will also collect other information about the Bryton products You.


own, such as the serial numbers, date of purchase and information related to a support or service issue, some of which might include Personal Information.


By using a bulletin board or a chat room at our Websites, You should be aware that You are sharing all information You post on such bulletin boards or chat rooms with.


other users, including any Personal Information that You may choose to share, which shall become public information. Please choose the information that You share care.


fully. Bryton has no control over and is not responsible for anyones use, misuse, collection or disclosure of information You provide on a bulletin board or in a chat room.


by any third party. The information presented on bulletin boards and in chat rooms reflects the views of the individual users.


By joining the Bryton community, Bryton will collect Personal Information like Your email address and any such information You will voluntarily provide to Bryton like map.


corrections. This Personal Information is used for the purpose for which You provide it to Bryton.


Your user account name may be displayed throughout our Websites (and so available to the public) and is connected to all of Your Bryton activity. Other people can see.


Your posts, uploads, feedback, ratings and associated comments. Notices sent to other community members about suspicious activity and policy violations on our Web.


sites refer to user accounts and specific items. If You associate Your name with Your user account, the people to whom You have revealed Your name will be able to identi.


fy Your Bryton activities.


You may also be asked to provide Personal Information about a person other than Yourself (for example if You want to purchase a gift for someone and this Personal Infor.


mation is required for the fulfilment of the delivery of Your purchase), such as name, address, email address. This Personal Information is used only for the purpose for.


which You provide it to Bryton.


Bryton may collect Personal Information through surveys for market research purposes to gain a better understanding of our customers, to improve our products and ser.


vices, and to develop new products and services. The information we collect in such instances depends on the survey, but might include Your name, address, age, informa.


tion about Your use of our services and products and the like.


If You subscribe to Bryton location-based services like HD Traffic, Bryton may collect location data from Your Bryton device in order to provide You with the services.


requested.


If You send us an email to apply for a position with Bryton, we will collect Your email address and the full content of Your email, included attached files, such as resumes,


and other information necessary to process Your application.


You represent, warrant and covenant that any Personal Information that You supply to Bryton is true, complete and accurate in all respects. You agree to notify Bryton immediately of any changes to Your Personal Information via our Websites.


{list item} Cookie Policy Our Websites use Cookies to allow Bryton to collect data about the visitors of the Websites and users of our service (that we may associate with Personal Information that we have collected from You) and to customise and personalise our Websites for its viewers. A Cookie is a small text file that is placed on Your hard disk by a web server and is used by our Websites to identify Your computer whenever You visit our Websites. Bryton uses Cookies to store Your preferences and other related information. Bryton does not use Cookies to gather other information from Your personal computer. Cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. If You choose to disable Cookies, some areas of the Websites may not work properly.


{list item} Information Collected Via Technology As You navigate our Websites, certain Anonymous Information may also be collected passively, including Your Internet protocol address, browser type, and operating system. We also use Cookies and data like Uniform Resource Locators (URL) to gather information regarding the date and time of Your visit and the information for which You searched and viewed. We use this Anonymous Information to measure the traffic on our Websites and to help us make our Websites more useful. We delete this information after a period of time. Bryton may gather Anonymous Information from Your Bryton device when You are using it or when You are connecting it to a computer by using Bryton HOME. This Anonymous Information includes location information (information about Your location), information on how long it took You to travel certain routes, traffic patterns and on any technical glitches You may have encountered. The nature of the Anonymous Information that Your Bryton device transmits to us will not enable us to trace it back to an identifiable person; provided, however, You may elect to permit us to associate such Anonymous Information with Personal Information we have collected from You to provide You with specific location-based services that are tailored to meet Your needs or interests, to improve our products and services or to enforce the agreements, terms and conditions related to our Websites, products and services.


{list item} Personal Information We Receive from Other Sources We may receive Personal Information about You from third parties that provide us with data from their databases. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from You for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.


{list item} How Does Bryton Processes Personal Information and Anonymous Information Personal Information will be collected, processed, and used by Bryton for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.


Our disclosure of Your information.


Your Personal Information is used by Bryton to perform its obligations resulting from the delivery of the Bryton products and/or services to You, under the End-User.


License Agreement, Limited Warranty, if any, or any other terms that may apply. Bryton uses Your Personal Information to respond to Your questions and to fulfil Your.


requests or to manage interactive customer programmes. Bryton is entitled to contract third parties for its fulfilment of its obligations hereunder, however, Bryton will not.


provide Your Personal Information to a third party without Your permission, except as necessary to process Your order, fulfil Your requests or manage the interactive cus.


tomer programmes or if compelled by law. These third parties may help Bryton to i. e. process information, fulfil customer orders, deliver products to You, manage and.


enhance customer data, provide customer service, assess Your interest in our products and services or to conduct customer research or satisfaction surveys. These third.


parties are obligated to protect Your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Bryton is and will remain responsible for the use of Your Personal Infor.


mation.


Bryton uses Personal Information to contact You via mail, via email or phone to inform You of our (new) products and/or services, promotions we may offer, to submit a.


customer survey and any other marketing activity. Bryton is entitled to contract third parties to perform its direct marketing activities. Bryton may use Your Personal Infor.


mation to conduct market research, to improve our products and/or services, to provide more responsive customer service and to improve our Websites and related Com.


munication Channels, products and services.


Bryton also uses Personal Information to contact You, always on an opt-in basis, via mail, email address or phone to inform You of product and services of our carefully.


selected partners.


Bryton may provide, distribute or disclose Your Personal Information to third parties where Bryton reasonably believes that it is required to do so to conform to legal.


requirements or litigation, to protect and defend the rights or property of Bryton or other third parties, to enforce this Privacy Policy or act to protect the interests of its.


users. Bryton is also entitled to disclose Your Personal Information for the purposes of national security or other issues of public importance.


Your Personal Information and Anonymous Information are stored by Bryton in a central database. This central database is used by Bryton on a need to know basis in.


accordance with this Privacy Policy.


Bryton is entitled to exchange any Personal Information between the Bryton companies including those based in countries within and outside the EU, for the purposes set.


out in this Privacy Policy.


Bryton may create Anonymous Information records from Personal Information by excluding information (such as Your name) that makes the information personally identi.


fiable to You. We may use this Anonymous Information to analyse usage patterns, to improve all our services, to develop new services and reserve the right to use and.


disclose Anonymous Information to third parties in its discretion.


We may also use Personal Information to resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems or to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our.


terms and conditions.


If our company or our assets are acquired by another company, that company will possess the Personal Information collected by us and it will assume the rights and obli.


gations for Your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.


{list item} Our Disclosure of Your information We may disclose Personal Information to respond to legal requirements, to enforce our policies, to respond to claims that a listing or other content violates the rights of others, or to protect anyones rights, property, or safety. Such Personal Information will be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.


We may also share Your Personal Information with:


Members of Brytons trusted complainant programme when we in our sole discretion believe such disclosure is reasonably necessary or appropriate in connection with an.


intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity. In such events, we will disclose name, street address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, email.


address and company name.


Law enforcement or other governmental officials, in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity. In such events, we will dis.


close information relevant to the investigation, such as name, city, state, zip code, telephone number, email address, user account history and IP address.


Without limiting the above, in an effort to respect Your privacy and our ability to keep the community free from bad actors, we will not otherwise disclose Your Personal.


Information to law enforcement, other government officials, or other third parties without an official request, court order or substantially similar legal procedure, except.


when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of Personal Information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss or to report suspected illegal.


activity.


Please note that if You access our Websites from a shared computer or a public computer, such as one in an internet caf, certain information about You, such as Your user account, may be visible to other individuals who use the computer after You.


{list item} Your Choices regarding Your Personal Information We offer You choices regarding the collection, use and sharing of Your Personal Information. When You receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, You may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and You have the opportunity to opt-out by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail You receive or by contacting us directly at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. However, regardless of Your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send You service e-mails regarding our products and services or notices of any updates to the terms and conditions or Privacy Policy.


You may change any of the Personal Information in Your account by editing Your account information.


{list item} Accessing, Reviewing and Changing Your Personal Information You can see, review and change much of Your Personal Information by signing in to Your Bryton account. Generally, we will not modify Your Personal Information because it is very difficult to verify Your identity remotely (e. g. via telephone). You must promptly update Your Personal Information if it changes or is inaccurate. Once You make a public posting, You may not be able to change or remove it. Upon Your request ({removed hyperref}), we will close Your account and remove Your Personal Information from view as soon as reasonably possible, based on Your account activity and in accordance with applicable law. We do retain Personal Information from closed accounts to comply with law, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our terms and conditions, and take other actions permitted by law.


{list item} Transfer of Business Assets In the event that Bryton undergoes a change of control or is sold or transferred, or in the event that substantially all of its assets are sold or transferred to a third party, Brytons website, products and services, and any personally identifiable information collected by Bryton, will be among the transferred assets. By using our Websites, products and/or services, You hereby agree and consent to such transfer or assignment of Your Personal Information collected by Bryton or to a change of control of Bryton, and You further waive any claims that could be made against us in relation thereto.


{list item} Feedback If You provide feedback to us, we may use such feedback for any purpose, provided we do not associate this feedback with Your Personal Information. Bryton will collect any information contained in such communication and will treat the Personal Information in the communication in accordance with this Privacy Policy.


{list item} Other Sites Our provision of links to other Websites or locations is for Your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of these other Websites, location or its contents. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for these third party Websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of our Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside Websites.


{list item} Children We do not intentionally gather Personal Information about visitors who are under the age of 16. If You believe that we have collected Personal Information about a visitor who is under the age of 16, please contact Us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} and such Personal Information will be deleted.


{list item} Safeguarding the Information You Share with Us We recognize our responsibility to protect the Personal Information You entrust to us. We take precautions including administrative, technical and physical measures to safeguard Your Personal Information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However We cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Information and Bryton cannot be held liable for any unauthorised access or use of the data You have supplied to Us You can also take precautions to protect Your Personal Information when You are on the Internet. Change Your passwords often using a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure You use a secure Internet browser.


{list item} Privacy Questions If You think that the use of Your Personal Information is not in alignment with the purpose for which You have provided it to Us, as described in this Privacy Policy, or if You have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact Us at We do not intentionally gather Personal Information about visitors who are under the age of 16. If You believe that we have collected Personal Information about a visitor who is under the age of 16, please contact Us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{list item} Privacy Policy Updates This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use Your Personal Information, we will post a notice on this page. If You object to any such changes, You must cease using our Websites and our products and services where Personal Information is collected. Continued use of our Websites and our products and services following notice of any such changes will indicate Your acknowledgement of the changes and agreement to be bound by the new terms and conditions.


