


Privacy Policy.


Privacy Policy.


VEE GEE SCIENTIFIC respects your privacy and the purpose for which our site visitors provide us information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.


Information Collected.


If you request or submit information to us by sending an e-mail via the mail to: function or filling out a contact form, we may save your e-mail address as well as any other information you may provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, e-mail, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your e-mail and other information you provide will not be sold to any third party.


Information Collected by Others.


This notice addresses only the policy of VEE GEE Scientifics website and not sites that users access via links from our site. VEE GEE Scientific is not responsible for the information collection policies of other sites, nor for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor for the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.


Cookies.


Cookies are a client side file that a web site can use for record keeping purposes. Cookies facilitate Web surfing by saving visitor preferences and other information. The use of cookies is a widespread industry standard and therefore many major web sites use cookies.


Most browsers are configured by default to accept and process cookies. If you have privacy concerns you may configure your browser to refuse cookies.


Extensive information concerning cookies is available on the WWW by searching for the word cookies.


We reserve the right to use cookies on our web site.


Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information.


If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an e-mail with Remove personal information in the subject line.


Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information.


VEE GEE Scientific may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.


Periodic Policy Changes.


Please note that VEE GEE Scientific reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i. e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.


This policy statement is made in the name of VEE GEE Scientific and is effective as of November 1, 2008. This statement does not create an agreement between VEE GEE Scientific and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.


