


BrewBench Privacy Policy.


Privacy Policy.


UPDATED AUGUST 31, 2020.


Thanks for using BrewBench.


This policy explains the what, how, and why of the information we collect when you use our Services. It also explains the specific ways we use and disclose that information. We take your privacy extremely seriously, and we never sell lists or email addresses.


Definitions.


Well start with the basics, including a few definitions that should help you understand this policy. When we say we, us and BrewBench, were referring to Hopsware LLC. d/b/a BrewBench, a State of Colorado limited liability company. We provide online platforms that you may use to monitor and control brew systems and brew sessions.


We offer services on our websites {removed hyperref} or any subdomain of {removed hyperref} (well refer to it as the Website or Services) that allows you to submit brew system and brew session data including temperature readings and sensor data for analytics and diagnostic purposes. As a customer of the Services or a representative of an entity thats a customer of the Service, youre a Member according to this agreement (or you).


Your Information.


{bullet list}.


{list item} INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US: When you use the Services, consult with our customer service team, send us an email or communicate with us in any way, youre giving us information that we collect. That information may include your and your Subscribers IP address, name, physical address, email address, phone number, credit card information, operating system, as well as details like gender, occupation, location, birth date, purchase history, and other demographic information. By giving us this information, you consent to your information being collected, used, disclosed, transferred to the United States and stored by us, as described in our {removed href} Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.


{list item} INFORMATION YOU POST TO THE BREWBENCH: When you submit data to the Service we may need to submit pieces of that data to third party services for processing.


{list item} INFORMATION FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE: We may get information about how and when you use the Services, store it in log files associated with your account, and link it to other information we collect about you. This information may include, for example, your IP address, time, date, browser used, and actions youve taken within the application.


{list item} COOKIES AND TRACKING: When you use BrewBench, we may store cookies, tags, or scripts, which are strings of code, on your computer. We and our analytics Service Providers (like {removed href} Google) use those cookies to collect information about your visit and your use of our Website or Services. You may turn off cookies that have been placed on your computer by following the instructions on your browser, but if you block cookies, it may be more difficult (and maybe even impossible) to use some aspects of the Services.


{list item} WEB BEACONS: When we send emails to Members, we may track behavior such as who opened the emails and who clicked the links. We do that to measure the performance of our email campaigns and to improve our features for specific segments of Members. To do this, we include single pixel gifs, also called web beacons, in emails we send. Web beacons allow us to collect information about when you open the email, your IP address, your browser or email client type, and other similar details. We also include Web Beacons in the emails we deliver for you. We use the data from those Web Beacons to create the reports about how your email campaign performed and what actions your Subscribers took. Reports are also available to us when we send email to you, so we may collect and review that information.


Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Information.


{bullet list}.


{list item} TO SEND YOU INFORMATIONAL AND PROMOTIONAL CONTENT THAT YOU MAY CHOOSE (OR OPT IN) TO RECEIVE. You can stop receiving our promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in every email.


{list item} TO BILL AND COLLECT MONEY OWED TO US. This includes sending you emails, invoices, receipts, notices of delinquency, and alerting you if we need a different credit card number. We use third parties for secure credit card transaction processing, and we send billing information to those third parties to process your orders and credit card payments. To learn more about the steps we take to safeguard that data, see Section 12 below.


{list item} TO SEND YOU SYSTEM ALERT MESSAGES. For example, we may let you know about temporary or permanent changes to our Services, like planned outages, new features, version updates, releases, abuse warnings, and changes to our Privacy Policy.


{list item} TO COMMUNICATE WITH YOU ABOUT YOUR ACCOUNT AND PROVIDE CUSTOMER SUPPORT.


{list item} TO ENFORCE COMPLIANCE WITH OUR TERMS OF USE AND APPLICABLE LAW. This may include developing tools and algorithms that help us prevent violations.


{list item} TO MEET LEGAL REQUIREMENTS like complying with court orders, valid discovery requests, valid subpoenas, and other appropriate legal mechanisms.


{list item} TO PROVIDE INFORMATION TO REPRESENTATIVES AND ADVISORS, like attorneys and accountants, to help us comply with legal, accounting, or security requirements.


{list item} TO PROSECUTE AND DEFEND A COURT, ARBITRATION, OR SIMILAR LEGAL PROCEEDING.


{list item} TO PROVIDE, SUPPORT, AND IMPROVE THE SERVICES WE OFFER. This includes aggregating information from your use of the Services and sharing such Aggregated Information with third parties.


{list item} TO PROVIDE SUGGESTIONS TO YOU. This includes adding features that compare your brew sessions, or using data to suggest other ways for you to make the most of your brew session data.


{list item} TO TRANSFER YOUR INFORMATION in the case of a sale, merger, consolidation, liquidation, reorganization, or acquisition. In that event, any acquirer will be subject to our obligations under this Privacy Policy, including your rights to access and choice. Well notify you of the change either by sending you an email or posting a notice on our Website.


Security.


{bullet list}.


{list item} NOTICE OF BREACH OF SECURITY If a security breach causes an unauthorized intrusion into our system that materially affects you or people on your Distribution Lists, then BrewBench will notify you as soon as possible and later report the action we took in response.


{list item} SAFEGUARDING YOUR INFORMATION Our credit card processing vendor uses security measures to protect your information both during the transaction and after its complete. Our vendor is certified as compliant with card association security initiatives, like the Visa Cardholder Information Security and Compliance (CISP), MasterCard (SDP), and Discovery Information Security and Compliance (DISC). If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you may contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. BrewBench accounts do not require a username and password to log in but only your API key. You must keep your API key secure, and never disclose it to a third party. You can request a new API key in your account section or on the {removed href} contact form.


Questions Concerns.


If you have any questions or comments, or if you want to update, delete, or change any Personal Information we hold, or you have a concern about the way in which we have handled any privacy matter please use our {removed href} contact form to get in touch. You may also contact us by postal mail or email at: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


