


Privacy Policy.


Your privacy is important to us, and we are committed to protecting your personal information.


This Privacy Policy covers the collection, use, and disclosure of information that may be collected from you as a user of this site, subscriber, or customer by Innovative Incorporated (Innovative) and {removed hyperref} (the Website).


By visiting the Website, you agree to the terms outlined in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms, do not access, view, visit, download, or otherwise interact with the Website.


Please direct any questions about this Privacy Policy to {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


What personal data we collect and why we collect it.


Personal data is any information that can be used to identify, locate, or contact a person.


This includes, but is not limited to, information such as:


{number list}.


{list item} Name.


{list item} Company.


{list item} Job Title.


{list item} Address.


{list item} Phone Number.


{list item} Email.


{list item} IP Address.


{list item} Web Browser.


{list item} Cookies.


{list item} Mobile Location Data.


{list item} Any other information you share with us through interaction with our Website, a form submission, or other communication with our team.


Innovative collects this data to communicate relevant information and continuously improve the content and functionality of the Website.


Innovative uses your personal data in the following ways:


{number list}.


{list item} To acknowledge and confirm receipt of your ticket request. Such use of your data is necessary in order for internal members of our team to review the request.


{list item} To contact you in connection with user/customer surveys and use any information you choose to submit in response, provided that you gave us your permission to being contacted in this way at the time you provided us with the personal data.


{list item} From time to time, we may establish contests and other promotions. If you share information with us directly or through one of our third-party service providers, we may use the email address you provided in order to notify you of the results.


{list item} If you choose to subscribe (opt-in) to one of our various newsletters, we will send our periodic newsletter to the email address you provided us. Subscribers can opt-out of our newsletters at any time by clicking the Unsubscribe link that is present on every email at the very bottom of the newsletter.


{list item} We may use your personal data for other purposes which you have agreed to at the time of providing your data.


{list item} We use automatic identifiers and tracking identifiers to administer, improve, analyze, and personalize the Website and to provide targeted advertisements.


{list item} We also use all marketing data to assess the effectiveness of various marketing initiatives and track the levels of sales and other engagement that result from marketing initiatives.


{list item} As necessary for certain legitimate business interests, which include the following:


{number list}.


{list item} Where we are asked to mitigate any inquiries or complaints you submit.


{list item} To send requested content for products and services.


{list item} Schedule product demos upon request.


{list item} Respond to questions you have submitted.


{list item} To administer the Website, to better understand how visitors interact with the Website and ensure that the Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer/device.


{list item} To conduct analytics to inform our internal marketing strategy and enable us to enhance and personalize the experience we offer to our visitors and subscribers and in our communications, including by creating customer or subscriber profiles to enable personalized direct marketing communications.


{list item} If you ask us to delete your data or to be removed from our marketing lists and we are required to fulfill your request, to keep basic data to identify you and prevent further unwanted processing.


{list item} We may anonymize, aggregate and de-identify the data that we collect and use such anonymized, aggregated and de-identified data for our own internal business purposes, including sharing it with our current and prospective members, business partners, our affiliated businesses, agents and other third parties for commercial, statistical and market research purposes. For example, to allow those parties to analyze patterns among groups of people and conduct research on demographics, interests, and behavior.


{list item} For internal business/technical operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes, and as part of our efforts to keep our Website, network, and information systems secure.


{list item} To (a) comply with legal obligations, (b) respond to requests from competent authorities; enforce our Terms of Use; (d) protect our operations or those of any of our affiliated businesses; (e) protect our rights, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliated businesses, you or others; and (f) enforcing or defending legal rights, or preventing damage.


{list item} Users in certain geographic regions must opt-in before we use their information for such direct marketing purposes.


How We Collect Personal Data.


Contact Information.


To deliver certain services and content, we may require some types of personally identifiable information, including but not limited to:


{number list}.


{list item} Name.


{list item} Phone Number.


{list item} Email.


{list item} Address.


{list item} Company Information.


This information may be used to contact or identify you. This information is collected if you fill out a form, communicate with us via phone or email, download content, or sign up for events.


Log Data.


Log data is collected directly from your browser when you visit the Website. Log Data may include your computers IP address, web browser information, mobile device data, pages of the Website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages.


Cookies.


When you visit the Website, we use cookies, web beacons, or other online tracking identifiers. These automatic identifiers are anonymous unless you provide additional information to us (such as filling out a form on the Website) that connects the tracking identifiers to you. You can enable or disable cookies by modifying the settings in your browser.


Cookies are files with a small amount of data that is commonly used as an anonymous, unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from websites that you visit and are stored on your computers hard drive.


The Website uses cookies and similar technologies to distinguish you from other users. This is to provide you with a better user experience when you browse our site and allows us to improve its features. If cookies are disabled in your browser, you may not be able to use some portions of our Website.


Embedded content from other websites.


Articles on this site may include embedded content (e. g., videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the user has visited the other Website.


These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that Website.


Analytics.


The Website uses several analytics systems (including but not limited to Lucky Orange, Google, and HubSpot) to help improve usability and the user experience.


Lucky Orange may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, and scrolling activity. Lucky Orange may record keystroke information that you voluntarily enter on this Website. Lucky Orange does not track this activity on any site that does not use the Lucky Orange system. You can choose to disable the Lucky Orange Service at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. php. Note that doing so will disable other features of the Lucky Orange system that this site employs, such as 1-to-1 support chat.


Google Analytics uses and processes data per Googles Partner privacy policy found at {removed href} {removed hyperref}/.


Who we share your data with.


Innovative takes your privacy very seriously. We do not sell or rent your information to marketers.


We reserve the right to disclose your personal information for any reason if, in our sole discretion, we believe that it is reasonable to do so, including to law enforcement, for purposes of litigation or to satisfy laws, such as the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, the Child Online Privacy Act, regulations, or governmental or legal requests for such information.


We may also disclose personal information that is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our contracts, Terms and Conditions, or policies and procedures.


Finally, we may also disclose information about you if we determine that for national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary.


Service Providers.


We use several third parties whose services are necessary to run our business and deliver services. In general, third-party providers used by Innovative collect, use, and disclose your information to the extent required to perform the services they provide to us.


Links.


When you click on links on our Website or in other digital content such as email communications, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.


Publicly Displayed Information.


Any information you share in public comments or forums such as blog comments and social media platforms is visible to other users. Personally identifiable information you submit to one of these forums can be read, collected, or used by other individuals to send you unsolicited messages. Innovative is not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums.


What rights you have over your data.


You may request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.


