


WarmlyYours Privacy Policy.


GPDR and Data Retention Policy.


WarmlyYours collects identifying information to fulfill our customers requests for product information, quotes, orders and warranties, and to help troubleshoot any future issues with our installed products and systems.


We will be happy to remove identifying information upon request, although some specific information may be kept for an appropriately limited time for the purposes of resolving accounting disputes, issues or audits, as well as to respect our returns policies and warranty commitments, including those commitments made to our vendors and partners.


Privacy Policy.


WarmlyYours respects your privacy, and will never sell your email address or other personal information to any third party.


WarmlyYours uses cookies to store your preferences. Any information collected in this manner, or which you provide to us, is used solely for the purpose of improving your WarmlyYours website experience, and will never be shared with outside parties.


WarmlyYours has implemented a feature of Google Analytics called Demographics and Interest Reporting. This feature will gather broad information like the gender and age of visitors to our page, which will in turn help us develop the site and its content around our users interests. We will not sell or provide this information to any third-party.


You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display network ads using the Ads Settings ({removed href} {removed hyperref}? hlen). In addition, you can use the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser ({removed href} {removed hyperref}? nord1nord1) to disable tracking by Google Analytics.


WarmlyYours has implemented the Facebook Pixel throughout our website, which is used to provide measuring services and direct social media advertising efforts. WarmlyYours will not sell or directly provide this information to any third-party.


If youre a Facebook user, you can opt out of seeing ads based on Pixel data by going {removed href} to this page, and toggling the Ads based on your use of websites and apps option to No. Here is a resource that can provide more assistance with opting out: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy or data retention policies, please contact us at (800) 875-5285.


