


Prime-Line Products Companys (PLP) COMPLIANCE POLICY.


COMPLIANCE STATEMENT:


PLP is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals Protected Personal Data (PPD). PLP employees are responsible for safeguarding PPD. Questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy can be addressed by calling (909) 887-8118.


NOTICE REGARDING USE OF THE SERVICES BY CHILDREN:


The Services are not directed to children under the age of eighteen (18), and we request that children do not provide personally identifiable information through the Services.


LEGALLY COMPELLED DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION.


PLP may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.


RECORD RETENTION:


We will collect personally identifiable information about you, such as your name, your companys name, postal address, telephone and mobile numbers, email address and credit card number or other payment number when you voluntarily provide it to us through the Services such as when you create an account or profile, order or register a product, order literature, enter contests or incentive programs, sign up for newsletters, download an App, participate in a survey, contact customer service, or otherwise interact with the services. We may receive personally identifiable information from other sources, such as public data bases; joint marketing partners; social media platforms; from people with whom you are friends or otherwise connected on social media or networking platforms, as well as from other third parties. Your personally identifiable information may be used by us for all legal purposes, which may include, but are not limited to, responding to your requests, processing your transactions, notifying you of new products or product-related news, facilitating social sharing functionality, marketing research and for administrative purposes such as conducting incentive programs or tracking which parts of the services are of interest to you.


{bullet list}.


{list item} It is the policy of PLP to:


{bullet list}.


{list item} (1) protect the security, integrity and the availability of records created or maintained in the course of business operations;


{list item} (2) retain records in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, and.


{list item} (3) endeavor to ensure that records that are no longer needed or of no value are discarded at the appropriate time.


{list item} Limit the use of personal information to the purposes identified in the notice and for which the individual has provided implicit or explicit consent. Retains personal information for only as long as necessary to fulfill the stated purposes or as required by law or regulations and thereafter appropriately disposes of such information.


{list item} Data Breach Notification: PLP will investigate and provide notice of information security incidents to affected individuals and/or Federal and State agencies in accordance with applicable Federal and State requirements.


{list item} Marketing Information (Websites): PLP collects the IP (Internet protocol) addresses of all visitors to our websites and other related information such as page requests, browser type, operating system and average time spent on our Sites. We use this information to monitor and improve our websites. This information will not be shared with third parties without permission. We may share business information about PLP business customers with PLP Service Providers (if a special service is not provided directly by PLP) to provide business customers with tailored information about products and services and special offers.


{list item} Consumer Accounts: PLP will not share the personal data of its customers. PLP will maintain confidentiality of all personal information of its customers, and will work to prevent any data incident resulting in the loss of customer information.


RESPONSE TO PRIVACY VIOLATIONS:


PLP has established disciplinary procedures to handle violations of the privacy policy. Please report any potential violations of this Privacy Policy by calling (909) 887-8118.


CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY:


Any changes to either the PLP Privacy Policy or PLP Privacy Compliance Policy must be approved by Executive Management.


PRIVACY COMPLIANCE MONITORING:


{bullet list}.


{list item} Documentation:


{bullet list}.


{list item} PLP will maintain all documentation related to the Privacy Compliance Program for at least six years after the information was created or last in effect.


{list item} All administrative actions taken by PLP with regard to the Privacy Policy will be documented, and maintained in written and electronic form.


{list item} Annual Privacy Compliance Auditing:


PLP establishes an annual auditing plan to ensure the effectiveness of the Privacy Compliance Program and Privacy Policy. The Privacy Compliance Audit will identify areas of risk in which PLP needs to improve its Privacy Compliance Program, make necessary changes to Comply with any new laws and regulations, and review all incidents pertaining to the companys privacy policy in order to mitigate future potential damages from occurrig.


JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES.


The Services are controlled and operated by us from the United States, and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the State of California, United States of America.


YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS.


By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of this Site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.


