


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} UNIPRO - PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT.


{removed href}.


Sections 10 and 24 of the Personal Data Act (523/1999).


Date of preparation 22 May 2018 R.


CONTROLLER.


Unipro Oy Ltd Konetie 25, FI-90620 Oulu, Finland {removed hyperref}.


CONTACT PERSON.


In matters concerning the register.


Lari Kela.


Konetie 25, FI-90620 Oulu, Finland.


{removed hyperref}.


REGISTER NAME.


Unipro Oy Ltd customer and marketing register.


THE PURPOSE OF THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA.


The Unipro Oy Ltd customer and marketing register contains data on the contact persons of our customers, companies, organisations and partners and the contact persons of potential customers and partners. The personal data are used for the purposes of maintaining customer relationships and partnerships. The data are also used to manage contacts and information related to similar events concerning Unipro Oy Ltds website and services related to it.


DATA CONTENT OF THE REGISTER.


In addition to company details, the register contains the following data on the companies contact persons: 1. Basic contact person details: name, form of address postal address, telephone numbers, email address and other contact details title, position and role within the company. 2. Data concerning customer communications, marketing and other forms of communication, such as mailing lists (customer magazine and newsletter, for example) consents and prohibitions concerning direct marketing and other consents and prohibitions data about sent offers, campaigns, meetings and other contacts and their results 3. Data concerning the customer relationship, agreements, orders and deliveries such as acquired products and services buyer details offers, orders, agreements, invoicing, complaints, feedback and the log of other customer contacts.


PERSONAL DATA RETENTION.


The personal data are retained only for the period necessary for the purposes of performing the objectives defined in this privacy policy. Personal data are erased once the retention of the personal data in question is no longer required by law, Unipro Oy Ltds rights or obligations or the persons rights or obligations. For instance, the personal data are erased without undue delay when a person requests the erasure of their data from the customer and marketing register. Due to technical reasons, the personal data are stored by Unipro Oy Ltd as back-up copies for up to a year before their erasure in such cases. Unipro Oy Ltd will endeavour to maintain the accuracy of the personal data it holds by erasing unnecessary data and updating obsolete data.


REGULAR SOURCES OF DATA.


The identification and basic data in the Unipro Oy Ltd customer and marketing register are generated by Unipro Oy Ltds operations and retrieved from the customer or partner.


REGULAR DISCLOSURE OF DATA.


The data in the Unipro Oy Ltd customer and marketing register are not disclosed to external parties. Selected personal data can be disclosed to Unipro Oy Ltds partners, for example, if Unipro Oy Ltd decides to outsource the processing of the customer magazine or other marketing material.


TRANSFERRING THE DATA OUTSIDE THE EU OR EEA.


The data in the Unipro Oy Ltd customer and markeeting register are not transferred outside the EU or EEA.


PRINCIPLES OF THE REGISTERS PROTECTION.


A) Manual material The data are stored in locked and guarded premises and accessible only to designated people.


B) Automatically processed data Our IT system is protected by technical organisational measures against unauthorised or unlawful processing by unauthorised people and against the accidental loss, destruction or damaging of the personal data.


RIGHT TO INSPECTION.


Customers and partners have the right to inspect data concerning them and use their other rights defined in the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) (GDPR). Questions related to the matter need to be addressed to the controllers contact person by email at marketing {removed hyperref}. The inspection request must be sent as a signed email message. The data can also be inspected by visiting Unipro Oy Ltds head office. Visitors are required to provide a proof of their identity.


RIGHT TO REQUEST THE RECTIFICATION OF DATA.


Customers and partners have the right to request the rectification of inaccurate data and use their other rights defined in the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) (GDPR). Questions related to the matter need to be addressed to the controllers contact person by email at {removed hyperref}. The request must be sent as a signed email message. The data can also be inspected by visiting Unipro Oy Ltds head office. Visitors are required to provide a proof of their identity. This privacy policy statement is subject to change to correspond with practical needs and changes in the legislative framework. Please read this privacy policy statement carefully whenever you are buying our products or using our services to ensure that your knowledge of the content of this privacy policy statement is up to date.


OTHER RIGHTS RELATED TO THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA.


Customers and partners have the right to prohibit the use of their data for the purposes of direct marketing or other similar uses and use their other rights defined in the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) (GDPR) Questions related to the matter need to be addressed to the controllers contact person by email at {removed hyperref}. The request must be sent as a signed email message. The data can also be inspected by visiting Unipro Oy Ltds head office. Visitors are required to provide a proof of their identity.


This privacy policy statement is subject to change to correspond with practical needs and changes in the legislative framework. Please read this privacy policy statement carefully whenever you are buying our products or using our services to ensure that your knowledge of the content of this privacy policy statement is up to date.


