


Privacy Policy Keystone Heating amp; Air Conditioning Co., Inc.


Privacy Policy.


EFFECTIVE DATE: DECEMBER 5, 2018.


Thank you for visiting this website (this Site), which is operated by Strategic America of West Des Moines, IA an independently owned and operated business.


Strategic America and Keystone Heating Air Conditioning Co., Inc (collectively known as Strategic America, we, us, and our when pertaining to this Site only) understands that privacy is important to you. This privacy policy (Policy) describes the information we collect from or about you through the Site on which it is posted. It describes how we use and share that information and describes the steps we take to protect your privacy.


BY USING OR ACCESSING THE SITE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY OUR POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE SITE.


SCOPE OF THIS POLICY.


This Policy applies only to information collected through this Site. It does not apply to third-party websites or third-party mobile apps. It also does not apply to information collected through other channels, such as over the phone or in-person.


This Policy may be supplemented or amended from time-to-time by additional privacy notices (Privacy Notices), provided at the time we collect your information. For example, certain pages of our Site may contain Privacy Notices providing more details about the information we collect on those particular pages, why we need that information, and choices you may have about the ways we use that information. In other cases, specific Privacy Notices may be required to comply with the privacy laws of one of the countries, provinces, or states in which we do business.


WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT.


We do not collect personal information about you unless you voluntarily submit that information to us, such as through our contact pages, by e-mail, telephone, online chat or registering an account with us or some other means. The personal information which you may provide to us may include your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and in rare instances, credit card information.


When you visit or use the Site, we may automatically collect certain non-personal, analytical information about you, such as the type of browser or device operating system you use, the domain name of the website from which you linked to us, the amount of time you spend on the Site and the pages on the Site that you view. We may also aggregate information collected from our users (such as the number of users in a particular region or having particular characteristics).


HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.


We may send your personal information to other group companies, affiliates and third parties to help us process your personal information for the purposes set out in this policy. Generally, we use the information we collect through this Site in the following ways:


{number list}.


{list item} to provide the information, products and services you request;


{list item} to provide you with effective customer service;


{list item} to provide you with a personalized experience when you use this Site;


{list item} to contact you with information and notices related to your use of this Site;


{list item} to contact you with special offers and other information we believe will be of interest to you (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us);


{list item} to invite you to participate in surveys and provide feedback to us (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us);


{list item} to improve the content, functionality and usability of this Site;


{list item} to better understand your needs and interests;


{list item} to improve our products and services;


{list item} to improve our marketing and promotional efforts;


{list item} to share with others as described in this policy;


{list item} for security, credit or fraud prevention purposes;


{list item} in accordance with your consent; and.


{list item} for any other purpose identified in an applicable Privacy Notice, click-through agreement or other agreement between you and us.


HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION.


With Third-Party Vendors.


We share information collected through this Site with third-party vendors who act for us or on our behalf. For example, we may use third-party vendors to design and operate this Site; to conduct surveys; and to help us with our promotional efforts. These third-party vendors may need information about you to perform their functions.


With Other Users of this Site.


You may be able to submit User-Generated Content on or through this Site. In this Policy, User-Generated Content or UGC refers to any content that you post using the social networking or product review tools we make available to you and that does not constitute Feedback (as that term is defined in our Terms of Use). Any personal information contained in UGC can be read, collected, or used by others. In addition, we may use UGC you submit for advertising campaigns and other promotions. We may or may not use your name in connection with such use, and we may or may not seek your consent before using the content for such purposes. Therefore, you should have no expectation of privacy with respect to UGC you submit on or through this Site.


With Third-Party Social Media Platforms.


We may provide functionality on this Site that allows you to automatically post information about the actions you take on this Site to a third-party social media platform (such as Facebook or Twitter). If you choose to take advantage of this functionality, people with access to your profile on the third-party platform may be able to see the actions you have taken for example, the items you have purchased. Thus, you should have no expectation of privacy in those actions. Further, if you choose to link your profile on this Site with an account on a third-party social media platform, we may share the information in your profile with that third-party platform.


With Our Distributors, Licensees and Other Affiliates.


We may share the information collected through this Site with its affiliates, licensees and independent distributors (collectively distributors). Our distributors may use the information in all the ways listed in this policy, provided that such use relates to products or services authorized by Strategic America. Our distributors may also use your information for their own marketing purposes, provided such marketing relates to products or services authorized by Strategic America.


With Business Partners.


From time to time, we may share your information with selected third parties (other than our third-party vendors or distributors) for joint marketing purposes.


As Part of a Business Transfer.


Your information may be transferred to successor organization if, for example, we transfer the ownership or operation of this Site to another organization or if we merge with another organization. If such a transfer occurs, the successor organizations use of your information will still be subject to this Policy and the privacy preferences you have expressed to us.


To Comply with Laws and Protect Our Rights and the Rights of Others.


We may disclose your information when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law, a court order or a subpoena. We may also disclose your information to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to protect the security of this Site; to enforce or apply our online Terms of Use or other agreements; or to protect our own rights or property or the rights, property or safety of our users or others. As Described in a Privacy Notice or click-through agreement. We reserve the right to disclose your information as described in any Privacy Notice posted on a page of this Site where you provide that information. By providing your information on that page you will be consenting to the disclosure of your information as described in that privacy notice. We also reserve the right to disclose your information as described in any click-through agreement to which you have agreed.


HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION.


Information You Manually Provide.


We collect the information you manually provide (using your keyboard, mouse, or touchpad) when you use this Site, for example, we collect the information you provide when you request an appointment, literature, or services, or when you e-mail us with questions or feedback.


Information from Third-Party Social Media Platforms.


You may be able to register with, log on to, or enhance your profile on this Site by choosing to automatically populate the requested data fields with information you previously provided to a third-party social media platform (such as Facebook or Twitter). By doing this, you are asking the third-party platform to send us information from your profile on that platform. We treat that information as we do any other information you give to us when you register, log on, or enhance your profile.


Information Sent to Us by Your Web Browser.


We collect information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser. This information typically includes the IP address of your Internet service provider, the name of your operating system, the name and version of your browser, the date and time of your visit, and the pages you visit. The information we receive depends on the settings on your web browser. Please check your browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings.


The information we receive from your web browser is not, in and of itself, personally identifiable. Generally, we use this information to help us improve this Site (for example, by making it more compatible with the technology used by our visitors) and to improve our marketing efforts (for example, by identifying your general geographic location). However, we may combine it with other information in an attempt to identify you or we may combine it with information that does identify you. We may also review our server logs for security purposes for example, to detect intrusions into our network and we might share our server logs, which contain visitors IP addresses, with the appropriate investigative authorities who could use that information to trace and identify you.


More about IP addresses.


Your IP address is the identifier assigned to your particular computer or other device when you access the Internet. Depending on how you connect to the Internet, your IP address may always be the same, or it may change each time you access the Internet. IP addresses do not include your name, email address or other personal information, but in some cases, they may be linked to your personal information. For example, if you have registered with this Site, we may link your IP address to account information that identifies you personally. We may also provide your IP address to our third-party service providers who can use it to identify information such as your state and zip code. If we suspect inappropriate or criminal activity or a threat to our Sites or their users, we may also share our server logs which contain users IP addresses with the appropriate investigative authorities, who could use that information to trace and identify individuals.


Clickstream Data.


As you use the Internet, a trail of electronic information is left at each website you visit. This information, which is sometimes referred to as clickstream data, can be collected and stored by a websites server. Clickstream data can tell us the type of device and browsing software you use and the address of the website from which you linked to the Site. We may collect and use clickstream data to anonymously determine how much time visitors spend on websites, how visitors navigate throughout websites and how we may tailor our Site to better meet consumer needs. This information will be used to improve our Site and our services. Any collection or use of clickstream data will be anonymous and will not intentionally contain any personal data.


Information from Your Mobile or Tablet Device.


Likewise, if you access this Site through your mobile or tablet device, we may automatically collect certain information from or about your device. The types of information we may collect include the type of device you use, the IP address of your device, your devices operating system, the type of mobile or tablet Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use our mobile or tablet application. This information is not, in and of itself, personally identifiable, but we may combine it with other information in an attempt to identify you or we may combine it with information that does identify you.


Information Collected by Cookies and Other Technologies.


We use cookies and other technologies to collect information and support certain features of this Site. For example, we may use these technologies to:


{number list}.


{list item} collect information about the manner by which visitors use this Site including which pages they visit, which links they use, and how long they stay on each page;


{list item} support the features and functionality of this Site for example, to save you the trouble of reentering information already in our database or to prompt the settings you established on previous visits;


{list item} personalize your experience when you use this Site; and.


{list item} improve our marketing efforts, including through use of targeted advertising.


One of the ways we personalize your experience through the use of cookies is by placing a cookie on your computer that contains the zip code you provide to us. As you browse this Site, our web server will recognize your zip code and show you products and services available in your area. The information we collect using cookies and similar technologies is not, in and of itself, personally identifiable, but we may link it to personal information that you provide. If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. You can also clear your cookies at any time through your browsers settings. Although you are not required to accept cookies when you visit this Site, you may be unable to use all of the functionality of this Site if your browser rejects our cookies.


Your Choices.


Information about Third-Party Cookies.


In addition to the cookies Strategic America delivers to your computer or mobile device through this Site, certain third parties may deliver cookies to you for a variety of reasons. For example, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics tool that helps us understand how visitors engage with our Sites. Other third parties may deliver cookies to your computer or mobile device for the purpose of tracking your online behaviors across non-affiliated websites and delivering targeted advertisements either on this Site or on other websites.


You have choices about the collection of information by third parties on our Sites. For more information about these choices, please see the Your Choices section.


INTEREST BASED ADVERTISING.


We may ourselves, or with third party vendors, use non-personal information in connection with our own or vendor information to deliver targeted advertising to you when you visit other websites or our Site. Cookies, clickstream data, and other similar technologies described above may be used in this process. For example, if you are searching for information on a particular product, we or our vendor may cause an advertisement to appear on other websites you view with information on that product. This form of advertising, sometimes called behavioral advertising, is based on anonymous information and not on any personal information. As a result, we and our vendor know your interests, but do not personally identify you in connection with the delivery of that specific ad. We believe that such advertising is helpful because you will see advertisements that are relevant to your interests. However, if you would like to opt out of these interest-based advertisements, please follow the opt-out process described below under Your Choices.


YOUR CHOICES.


Email Preferences.


We will include an opt out link in each electronic newsletter or promotional email we send you, so that you can inform us that you do not wish to receive such communications from us in the future. You may also contact us at {removed hyperref}.


Previously Expressed Preferences.


You may change previously expressed preferences regarding how we use your information. If at any time you wish to be taken off our mailing lists, you can update contact preferences by contacting us at {removed hyperref}.


Opting Out of Interest Based Advertising.


The online advertising industry provides a service through which you may opt-out of receiving targeted ads from certain data partners and other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. We comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising set forth by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). You can opt-out of targeted advertising from certain providers at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. You can opt-out of targeted advertising from certain providers at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. Please note that by opting out, you will continue to see generic advertising that is not tailored to your specific interests and activities. To be clear, cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted out on your device browser, that opt-out will not be effective on your mobile device. You must separately opt out on each device.


Opting Out of Cookies.


If you want to stop or restrict the placement of cookies or flush any cookies that may already be on your computer or device, please refer to and adjust your web browser preferences. Further information on cookies is available at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. By deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our Site or some of its functionality may be affected. Cookies and similar items are not used by us to automatically retrieve personal information from your device without your knowledge.


Do Not Track Mechanisms.


Because of the changing state of technology and indecision within the industry regarding the meaning of DNT signals, we currently do not make any guarantee that we will honor DNT signals.


LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES; SOCIAL NETWORKING SERVICES.


This Site may also contain links to websites that are not operated by us. These links are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the products sold or information provided through these websites, nor any association with their operators. We do not control these websites and are not responsible for their data practices. Any information you provide to third parties on their websites is covered under their privacy and data collection policies and is not covered by this Policy. We urge you to review the privacy policy posted on any site you visit before using the site or providing any personal information.


The Site may integrate with social networking services. You understand that we do not control such services and are not liable for the manner in which they operate. While we may provide you with the ability to use such services in connection with our Site, we are doing so merely as an accommodation and, like you, are relying upon those third-party services to operate properly and fairly. You should be aware that personal information which you voluntarily include and transmit online in a publicly accessible blog, social network or otherwise online may be viewed and used by others. We are unable to control such uses of your personal information, and by using such services you assume the risk that the personal information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties.


ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION.


If you would like to review, correct and update the personal information you have provided to us through this Site, you can please contact us by email at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. We will respond to your request within the time limit set out by the applicable privacy legislation. We will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request as required by applicable law.


HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION.


We take reasonable precautions to provide a level of security appropriate to the sensitivity of the information we collect. Although we use reasonable measures to help protect your information against unauthorized use or disclosure, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information provided online. Therefore, we cannot guarantee the security of information provided over the Internet or stored in our databases and will not be responsible for breaches of security beyond our reasonable control.


RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We retain the personal information collected on this Site as long as necessary to provide the services, products and information you request or as permitted by applicable law. Even if we delete some or all of your personal information, we may continue to retain and use aggregate or anonymous data previously collected and/or anonymize or aggregate your personal information. Please note that we will not be liable for disclosures of your data due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties.


A NOTE ABOUT CHILDRENS PRIVACY.


You must be at least 18 years old to have our permission to use this Site. We do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information about visitors under 13 years of age. If you are under the age of 13, you can use this service only in conjunction with your parents or guardians permission.


LOCATION.


Strategic America and Keystone Heating Air Conditioning Co., Inc are United States corporations. The servers that support this Site may be located in the United States or other countries. Data protection laws vary from country to country; however, we will process your information in accordance with this Policy no matter where your data is stored. By using the Site, you freely and specifically give us your consent to export your personal information to the United States and to store and use it in the United States as specified in this Policy. You understand that data stored in the USA may be subject to lawful requests by the courts or law enforcement authorities in the USA.


CHANGES TO THE POLICY.


We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this Policy at any time. However, if at any time in the future we plan to use personal information in a way that materially differs from this Policy, we will post such changes here or email you. We encourage you to periodically review the Site for the latest information on our privacy practices. You are bound by any changes to the Policy when you use the Site after such changes have been first posted.


CONTACT US.


If you have questions or concerns about this Policy, any Privacy Notice, or Strategic Americas data practices, please contact us by email at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Serving These Communities.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Bristol.


{list item} {removed href} Caledonia.


{list item} {removed href} Franksville.


{list item} {removed href} Husher.


{list item} {removed href} Kenosha.


{list item} {removed href} Mt Pleasant.


{list item} {removed href} Pleasant Prairie.


{list item} {removed href} Raymond.


{list item} {removed href} Salem.


{list item} {removed href} Somers.


{list item} {removed href} Sturtevant.


{list item} {removed href} Trevor.


{list item} {removed href} Union Grove.


{list item} {removed href} Yorkville.


