


{removed href} Skip to main content {removed href}.


Privacy Policy.


Bogen Communications, Inc. and all of our divisions (we, our, or us) respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. That is why we have adopted this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy lets you know how and for what purposes we are collecting, processing, and using your personal and non-personal information. We pledge to take reasonable steps to ensure that your information is used in ways that comply with this Privacy Policy.


This Privacy Policy is in effect for any web page, mobile application, email list, onsite electronic data collection, generic information, and personal information collected and/or owned by us, including but not limited to the our website located at {removed hyperref}, no matter the method of collection (E. G., mail, facsimile, online form, survey, promotion), including collection through our website and any online feature, service, or program we offer (collectively, the Web Properties).


Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Privacy Policy is not applicable to any other web page, mobile application, social media site, generic information, or personal information collected and/or owned by any entity other than us. All information collected through the Web Properties is intended only to be collected from citizens of, and pursuant to the laws, rules and regulations of, the United States of America and its states and territories.


Your use of the Web Properties is also governed by the Terms and Conditions located at {removed href} {removed hyperref}/.


COLLECTED INFORMATION.


We do not currently collect personal information through our Web Properties except for the following:


{bullet list}.


{list item} information that your Internet service provider automatically provides to our web server, such as its web site address and possibly your e-mail address;


{list item} information that you send to us in an e-mail message or that you provide to us online or offline;


{list item} information that you provide as part of an application process or in connection with your employment by us; and.


{list item} information collected through our use of analytics and cookies, as described below.


USE OF ANALYTICS TOOLS AND COOKIES TO COLLECT INFORMATION.


We may use cookies to keep track of your visit and use of the Web Properties. A cookie is a small piece of data that your browser stores on your computers hard drive and is used to collect information, such as identifying those areas of the site that you have visited in the past in order to enhance your next visit to the site. If you would prefer not to receive cookies, you may be able to alter your browsers configuration to refuse cookies. You can find more information about cookies at: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


We may use analytics tools and other third party technologies, such as Google Analytics and DoubleClick Cookies, to collect non-personal information in the form of various usage and user metrics when you use our Web Properties. These tools and technologies collect and analyze certain types of information, including cookies, IP addresses, device and software identifiers, referring and exit URLs, onsite behavior and usage information, feature use metrics and statistics, usage and purchase history, MAC Address, mobile unique device ID, and other similar information.


The third party analytics companies who collect information on our Web Properties and other online products and/or services may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online or mobile products and services relating to your activities across their network of websites as well as online and/or mobile products and services. Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.


In addition to using cookies and related technologies as described above, we also may permit certain third party companies to help us tailor advertising that we think may be of interest to users and to collect and use other data about user activities on our Web Properties (E. G., to allow them to tailor ads on third party services). These companies may deliver ads that might also place cookies and otherwise track user behavior. These companies may use information about user behavior in order to provide customized advertisements across various products and services. In the course of providing these services, products or placing advertisements, these third party companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your computer, and may record information to these cookies based upon your activities on any of our Web Properties and on third party websites. Each of these companies uses this cookie information according to their own privacy and security policies. If you wish to have this information not used for serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out as indicated in this Policy Privacy. Please note this does not opt you out of being delivered advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads.


You may opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the {removed href} Google advertising opt-out page or you may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the {removed href} Google Analytics opt-out page.


Google has additional information available about their Remarketing Privacy Guidelines, and Restrictions.


You may view a list of other third party service providers who collect information, and/or opt-out of such collection of information about you, by visiting {removed href} {removed hyperref}/ or {removed href} {removed hyperref}/.


USE OF COLLECTED INFORMATION.


We are the sole owner of any information collected on the Web Properties. We use the information you provide:


{number list}.


{list item} for the specific purpose for which you submitted the information (G., to send you newsletters, information about new products, issue or question submission);


{list item} to gauge the usefulness and popularity of our web pages, or certain links to or from our Web Properties;


{list item} for any purpose, with respect to aggregated, anonymous data;


{list item} to promoting the products and services of our trusted business partners; and.


{list item} to contact you with product and service-related announcements.


We do not sell or distribute your personal information to third parties for purposes of allowing them to market their products and services to you.


Information sent to us via e-mail or through a form may not be secure. If you choose to complete and submit a form or send us an e-mail message, we may retain the content of either and it becomes our property.


WHEN INFORMATION IS DISCLOSED.


We might disclose personal information and usage information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to: (1) comply with legal processes and applicable law; (2) enforce this Privacy Policy; (3) take precautions against liability and to respond to any claim that anything you provide violates the rights of third parties; (4) assist government enforcement agencies; or (5) protect our rights, property, or the safety or the rights, property, or personal safety of our visitors and the public.


We use reasonable precautions to keep the information that is disclosed to us secure. We may provide personal information and usage information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies, and other businesses or persons for the purposes of processing such information on our behalf and promoting the products and services of our trusted business partners, some or all of which may store some or all of your information on servers outside of the United States. We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with our Privacy Policy or in a similar, industry-standard manner, and we use reasonable efforts to limit their use of such information and to use appropriate confidentiality and security measures. The use of your information by one of our trusted business partners may be subject to that partys own privacy policy and practices.


We may now or in the future share usage information with third parties to demonstrate the usage patterns for advertisements, content, functionality, promotions, and/or services on the Web Properties and/or on third party websites.


We reserve the right to transfer your personal information, as well as any information about or from you, in connection with the merger, sale, or other disposition of all or part of our business and/or assets. We cannot make any representations regarding the use or transfer of your personal information or other information that we may have in the event of our bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, receivership, or an assignment for the benefit of creditors. You expressly agree and consent to the use and/or transfer of your personal information or other information in connection with a sale or transfer of some or all of our assets in any of the above described proceedings. Furthermore, we cannot and will not be responsible for any breach of security by any third parties or for any actions of any third parties that receive any of the information that is disclosed to us.


We may also disclose your personal information with your permission or as directed by you.


USER ACCOUNT, PASSWORD AND SECURITY.


Features available through the Web Properties, we may require that you set up a user account. If you create a user account, we may require the use of encryption technologies provided for your protection. We use reasonable precautions to protect the privacy of your username, password, and user account information and to ensure that information collected through the Web Properties is not lost, misused, or altered inappropriately by administering security measures.


You are ultimately responsible for protecting your username, password, and user account information from disclosure to third parties, and you are not permitted to circumvent the use of required encryption technologies. You agree to: (a) immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your username, password, and/or user account, and/or any other breach of security; and (b) ensure that you log out from your user account at the end of each session. While we may provide certain encryption technologies and use other reasonable precautions to protect your confidential information and provide suitable security, we do not and cannot guarantee or warrant that any information transmitted through the Internet is secure, or that such transmissions are free from delay, interruption, interception, or error.


INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN.


The Web Properties are not intended or designed to attract children under the age of thirteen (13). You will need to affirm that you are more than eighteen (18) years of age, or an emancipated minor, or possess parental or legal guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in this Privacy Policy, and to abide by and comply with this Privacy Policy. In any case, you affirm that you are over the age of thirteen (13), as THE WEB PROPERTIES ARE NOT INTENDED FOR CHILDREN UNDER THIRTEEN (13) WHO ARE UNACCOMPANIED BY THEIR PARENT(S) OR LEGAL GUARDIAN(S).


EUROPEAN UNION USERS.


If you are visiting us from the European Union, please note that we may collect, transfer, and continue to use your personal information outside the European Union for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. By using the Web Properties and providing us with your personal information, you consent to our collection, transfer, and continued use of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.


YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.


Under Californias Shine the Light law, California residents who provide certain personally identifiable information (as defined in that law) in connection with obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us (once a calendar year) information about the customer information we shared (if any) with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year (E. G., requests made in 2017 will receive information regarding 2016 sharing activities, if any).


To obtain this information, please send an email message to {removed href} {removed hyperref} with Request for California Privacy Information in the subject line and in the body of your message. We will provide the requested information to you at your email address in response. Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the Shine the Light requirements, and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.


DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS.


Note that your browser settings may allow you to transmit automatically a Do Not Track signal to websites and online services you visit. There is no consensus among industry participants as to what Do Not Track means in this context. Like many websites and online services, we currently do not alter our practices when we receives a Do Not Track signal from a visitors browser. To find out more about Do Not Track, you may wish to visit {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES.


Visitors should be aware that advertisers or websites that have links to or from our Web Properties might collect personal information about you. Such advertisers or linked websites privacy practices are not covered in this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the content of any third party website or the privacy practices of such third parties. In addition, a link from our Web Properties to another website does not indicate that we endorse the policies of such third party website.


INFORMATION SECURITY.


We make every effort to ensure that information collected through the Web Properties is not lost, misused or altered inappropriately by administering security measures. However, unauthorized parties can potentially access all information transferred over the Internet; therefore, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Web Properties.


ADVERTISING OPT-OUT.


As part of the registration process, we give you two important choices (opt-out) about certain advertisements, updates and newsletters. We hope you will find these interesting and informative. You can choose if you would like us to use your e-mail address to deliver this information to you. If you do not opt-out of receiving this information about our Web Properties, we will send them to you. Of course, if you do not opt-out during registration, but later change your mind e-mail {removed href} productupdatesbogen. com to tell us that you would like to opt-out of and stop receiving these communications. If you desire to opt-out of the advertising described above under Use of Analytics Tools and Cookies to Collect Information, please follow the instructions described in that section.


ACCESS AND CORRECTION.


Whether you submit any personal information to us is entirely up to you. You are under no obligation to provide personal information. However, this information is essential for the provision and quality of some of the products and/or services we offer to you, so we cannot provide you with certain products and services if you choose to withhold requested information.


Please contact us in the manner specified at the end of this Privacy Policy to access your personal information in our possession and correct inaccuracies of that information in our records. We ask individuals to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed and amended before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests in limited circumstances, as permitted by applicable privacy legislation.


YOUR CONSENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.


By using the Web Properties, you consent to the collection and use of your information (including personal information) by us as specified above or as we otherwise see fit, in compliance with this Privacy Policy, unless you inform us otherwise by means of the procedure identified below. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy or some part of it, we will make an effort to post those changes on this web page so that you will always be able to understand what information we collect, how we use that information and under what circumstances we may disclose that information to others. Your use of the Web Properties following such publication of any amendment of this Privacy Policy will signify your assent to and acceptance of its revised terms for all previously collected information and information collected from you in the future. We may use comments, information or feedback that you may submit in any manner that we may choose without notice or compensation to you.


If you have additional questions or comments or would like to access your recorded personal information or opt out of certain sharing, please let us know by sending your comments or requests to:


Bogen Communications, Inc.


1200 MacArthur Blvd., Suite 304.


Mahwah, New Jersey 07430-2331.


Phone: 201-934-8500.


{removed hyperref}.


Copyright 2021. Bogen Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved.


Effective as of: March 28, 2017.


Last updated: March 28, 2017.


