


{removed href} Skip to main content.


Search Shape Standard Track/Recessed Globe Decorative Ceiling Fan Tube Spot Flood Specialty Feature Smart LED Grow HD Vintage Energy Star Outdoor Sun Filled Ultra Bright Brightness 0-19w 20-39w 40-59w 60-79w 80-99w 100-119w 120w Color Warm Candle Light Soft White Warm White Reveal Color-Changing Cool White Daylight Bright White.


Popular searches.


{removed href} HD Light.


{removed href} General Purpose LED.


{removed href} Decorative Lights.


{removed href} LED Flood Lights.


{removed href} Smart.


{removed href} Soft White.


Introduction.


Savant Technologies LLC, doing business as GE Lighting, a Savant company (LIGHTING) respects your concerns about privacy. References in this Privacy Policy to we, us and our refer to LIGHTING.


This Privacy Policy applies to the personal information we obtain through LIGHTINGs properties, including websites, mobile applications and social media pages that reference this Privacy Policy (Online Channels); offline collection in connection with sales, marketing, customer service, partner and supplier engagement (Offline Channels); and third-party sources, including ad networks and lead brokers (collectively, the Channels). This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information obtained through our hiring process or to products and services that post separate privacy policies.


This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we obtain through the Channels, how we may use that personal information, with whom we may share it, and how you may exercise your rights regarding our processing of the information. The Privacy Policy also describes the measures we take to safeguard the personal information we obtain and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.


The Online Channels may provide links to other third-party websites and features, or contain third-party cookies, that are not owned or controlled by LIGHTING. Please review the privacy policies of these third parties to familiarize yourself with their practices.


Personal Information.


We Obtain.


We may obtain personal information through the Channels. The types of personal information we may obtain include:


{number list}.


{list item} contact information (such as name, phone and fax number, email and postal address) for you or for others (e. g., principals in your business);


{list item} information used to create your online account (such as username, password and security question and answer);


{list item} biographical and demographic information (such as date of birth, age, gender, job title/position, marital status and dependent, spousal and other family information);


{list item} purchase and customer service history;


{list item} financial information (such as payment information, including name, billing address and payment card details (i. e., card number, expiration date and security code); bank account information; financial statements; income; and credit score);


{list item} location data (such as data derived from your IP address, country and zip code) and the precise geolocation of your mobile device where we have provided notice and choice, as appropriate;


{list item} audio, electronic, or visual information;


{list item} contact information you provide about friends or other people you would like us to contact;


{list item} inferences about you, including about your preferences;


{list item} clickstream data and other information about your online activities (such as information about your devices, browsing actions and usage patterns), including across the Online Channels and third-party websites, that we obtain through the use of cookies, web beacons and similar technologies; and.


{list item} other personal information contained in content you submit to us (such as through our {removed href} Contact Us feature).


We use third-party web analytics services in connection with the Online Channels, including Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics and Marketo, which use cookies and similar technologies to collect data (such as IP addresses) to evaluate use of and interaction with the Online Channels. (You may learn about Googles advertising features, including Google Analytics currently available opt-out mechanisms, {removed href} here.).


Please note that providing personal information to us is voluntary on your part. If you choose not to provide us certain information, we may not be able to offer you certain products and services, and you may not be able to access certain features of the Online Channels.


Cookies and Similar Technologies.


Like most companies, LIGHTING uses cookies and similar technologies (cookies) on our websites to personalize and enhance your experience on our sites.


HOW WE USE COOKIES.


Cookies contain small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit our website. Cookies are sent back to our website to allow us to recognize your device.


ESSENTIAL COOKIES allow us to recognize your device to help you navigate efficiently to obtain the information and services you have requested.


ANALYTICAL AND CUSTOMIZATION COOKIES allow our site to remember your preferences such as language selection, and help you to view information that is most relevant to your interests; these cookies also help us to maintain and improve our websites by providing information on how visitors find and use the sites, and how well the sites are performing.


ADVERTISING COOKIES may be used in some cases to make advertising messages more relevant to you.


By using our website you agree to our use of those cookies.


SHARING TOOLS.


To enhance your experience on our websites, we sometimes embed content and sharing tools from other third-party sites, such as like buttons from social networking sites; these third-party sites may also place and access cookies on your device. LIGHTING does not control the placement or access of these third-party cookies. Please review the privacy policies of these third parties to familiarize yourself with their practices.


How We Use Personal Information.


We may use the personal information we obtain to:


{number list}.


{list item} provide and administer our products and services;


{list item} process and fulfill orders and keep you informed about the status of your order;


{list item} communicate about and administer our products, services, events, programs and promotions (such as by sending alerts, promotional materials, newsletters and other marketing communications);


{list item} conduct and facilitate surveys, sweepstakes, contests, focus groups and market research initiatives;


{list item} perform data analytics (such as market research, trend analysis, financial analysis and customer segmentation);


{list item} engage in ad retargeting and evaluate the effectiveness of our marketing efforts (including through our participation in ad networks);


{list item} provide customer support;


{list item} process, evaluate and respond to requests, inquiries and applications;


{list item} create, administer and communicate with you about your account (including any purchases and payments);


{list item} administer and register participants in our courses;


{list item} provide investor services;


{list item} conduct marketing and sales activities (including generating leads, pursuing marketing prospects, performing market research, determining and managing the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns and managing our brand);


{list item} operate, evaluate and improve our business (such as by administering, enhancing and improving our products and services; developing new products, services and Online Channels; managing our communications and customer relationships; and performing accounting, auditing, billing, reconciliation and collection activities);


{list item} verify your identity and protect against and prevent fraud and other unlawful activity, unauthorized transactions, claims and other liabilities, and manage risk exposure and quality;


{list item} conduct investigations and comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards, contractual obligations and our policies and terms (such as this Privacy Policy and other Online Channels terms of use); and.


{list item} maintain and enhance the safety and security of our products, services, Online Channels, network services, information resources and employees.


We may combine personal information we obtain through Online Channels with information we obtain through Offline Channels, as well as other information, for the purposes described above. We may anonymize or aggregate personal information and use it for the purposes described above and for other purposes to the extent permitted by applicable law. We also may use personal information for additional purposes that we identify at the time of collection. We will obtain your consent for these additional uses to the extent required by applicable law.


Where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent for the processing of your personal information for direct marketing purposes.


The legal basis for LIGHTING processing your personal information as described above will typically be one of the following:


{number list}.


{list item} Your consent;


{list item} Performance of a contract with you or a relevant party;


{list item} Our legitimate business interests; or.


{list item} Compliance with our legal obligations.


Personal Information Sharing.


We do not sell or otherwise disclose personal information about you except as described here or at the time of collection.


{number list}.


{list item} We may share personal information within LIGHTING for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.


{list item} We may share personal information with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf (such as payment processing, order fulfillment, customer support and data analytics). These service providers are contractually required to safeguard the information provided to them and are restricted from using or disclosing such information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements.


{list item} We may share personal information with our joint marketing partners and other business partners for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.


{list item} We may disclose personal information about you (1) if we are required or permitted to do so by applicable law or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena), (2) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials to comply with a legitimate legal request, (3) when we believe disclosure is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, (4) to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights, (5) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraud or illegal activity or (6) otherwise with your consent.


{list item} We reserve the right to transfer to relevant third-parties any information we have about you in the event of a potential or actual sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a merger, acquisition, joint venture, reorganization, divestiture, dissolution or liquidation) or other business combination. In such case, we will require the relevant third parties to provide comparable levels of protection as LIGHTING provides with respect to the information we share.


Data Transfers.


We may transfer the personal information we collect through the Channels to, and store such data in, other countries, including the U. S., which may have different data protection laws than the country in which the information was provided. If we do so, we will transfer the personal information only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. To the extent required by applicable law, when we transfer your personal information to recipients in other countries, we will take measures to protect that information.


Your Choices.


We offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we obtain about you. To update your preferences, limit the communications you receive from us or submit a request, please contact us as specified in the {removed href} How To Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy further below.


You also may exercise choice over how information about your interests is used by ad networks to deliver you relevant advertising. To learn how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising in the United States, please visit {removed href} Digital Advertising Alliance, the {removed href} Network Advertising Initiative, and {removed href} TrustArc. The Online Channels are not designed to respond to do not track signals received from web browsers.


To the extent provided by the law of your jurisdiction, you may have the right to (1) access certain personal information we maintain about you; (2) request that we update, correct, amend, erase or restrict your personal information; or (3) exercise your right to data portability. Where provided by law, you may withdraw consent you previously provided to us or object at any time to the processing of your personal information on legitimate grounds relating to your particular situation, and we will apply your preferences going forward as appropriate. To request to exercise these rights, please contact us as indicated in the How To Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy further below. To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we may take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to the information. To the extent permitted by applicable law, a charge may apply before we provide you with a copy of any of your personal information that we maintain. Depending on your location, you may have the right to file a complaint with a government regulator if you are not satisfied with our response. LIGHTING endeavors to respond to complaints within thirty days of receipt.


How We Protect Personal Information Transmission.


We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards, consistent with legal requirements where the personal information was obtained, designed to protect against unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, use or disclosure of, or access to, the personal information provided to us through the Channels.


Retention of Personal Information.


To the extent permitted by applicable law, we retain personal information we obtain about you as long as (1) it is needed for the purposes for which we obtained it, in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy or (2) we have another lawful basis, stated in this Privacy Policy or at the point of collection, for retaining that information beyond the period for which it is necessary to serve the original purpose for obtaining the personal information.


Notice to California Residents.


During the preceding 12 months, LIGHTING may have collected personal information and processed it pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) which provides certain rights. The CCPA allows California residents to request that a business that collects California consumers personal information give consumers additional transparency and access to the specific pieces of personal information that the business has collected about the consumer. California residents also have the right to submit a request for deletion of information under certain circumstances. Consistent with California law, if you choose to exercise your rights, we will not charge you different prices or provide different quality of services unless those differences are related to your information. Please submit your request by calling us at 1-844-302-2943 or by sending an email to {removed href} {removed hyperref} with CCPA Request in the subject line and in the body of your message and identify what your specific request is.


In addition, subject to certain limits under California law, California residents may ask us to provide them with (1) a list of certain categories of personal information we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year and (2) the identity of those third parties. To obtain this information, please send an email to {removed href} {removed hyperref} with California Shine the Light Privacy Request in the subject line and in the body of your message.


Once we receive your request, we may verify it by requesting information sufficient to confirm your identity, including by asking you for additional information. If you would like to use an agent registered with the California Secretary of State to exercise your rights, we may request evidence that you have provided such agent with power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf.


Childrens Personal Information.


The Online Channels are designed for a general audience and are not directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 13 through the Online Channels. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will promptly delete the information from our records. If you believe that a child under the age of 13 may have provided us with personal information, please contact us as specified in the {removed href} How To Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy further below.


Changes to Our Privacy Policy.


This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our information practices. We will indicate at the top of this Privacy Policy when it was most recently updated.


How to Contact Us.


If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us by sending an email to {removed href} {removed hyperref} or write to us at:


GE LIGHTING, A SAVANT COMPANY.


Attn: Office of the General Counsel.


Nela Park, 1975 Noble Road.


East Cleveland, Ohio 44112-6300 US.


