


{removed href} Skip to Main Content.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} What Information Do We Collect About You and How Do We Use it?


{list item} {removed href} Information Automatically Collected Through Cookies and Other Tracking Technology.


{list item} {removed href} How We Share Your Information.


{list item} {removed href} Your Choices and Control Over Your Information.


{list item} {removed href} Third Party Data Collection and Interest Based Advertising.


{list item} {removed href} How We Store and Protect Your Information.


{list item} {removed href} Childrens Privacy.


{list item} {removed href} State-Specific Disclosures.


{list item} {removed href} Links to Other Websites and Services.


{list item} {removed href} How to Contact Us.


Our Privacy Policy applies to our website and brands, including {removed hyperref}, and any other website, mobile application, or other online service that links to this Policy (collectively, our Service). You can read the full version of the Privacy Policy and find a summary below.


How Do We Use Personal Information and How Is it Collected?


We collect many categories of personal information. The categories we collect may include: Contact and profile information, comments and suggestions, chat and opinions, Payment and transaction information, Location information, Information provided by social networks, Information provided by third parties, Information about fraudulent or criminal activity related to your account.


This personal information is collected from you in many ways, which are described in the {removed href} full Policy. A few examples include:


{number list}.


{list item} WHEN YOU SUBMIT PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US. We collect personal information about you when you register for an account, make a purchase, sign up for marketing communications, or send it to us.


{list item} WHEN YOU USE OUR SERVICE. We collect some personal information about you automatically as you use our Service and visit our branches.


{list item} FROM OUR THIRD-PARTY PARTNERS. We may also collect personal information from our third-party partners who help us to provide the Service or from other third party partners to supplement or enhance our information.


We may link or combine information that we collect about you from various sources to help ensure a consistent user experience regardless of how you interact with us online, through our call center, on your mobile device, or on social media.


We use personal information to provide our Service, to fulfill your requests, process transactions and contact you, to send you personalized advertising and promotional content and materials, to analyze and improve our Service and our business, and for other reasons described more fully in our {removed href} Privacy Policy.


To LEARN MORE about the information we collect and how we use it, or see our {removed href} full Policy.


How Do We Share Information?


We share information in a variety of circumstances to provide our services, respond to your requests, improve your experience, and otherwise conduct our business. For example, we may share information:


{number list}.


{list item} With our affiliates and companies in the W. W. Grainger family of companies, who may use your information as described in their {removed href} Privacy Policy.


{list item} With third parties to fulfill your request, such as when you choose to share your Zoro activities with your friends and contacts, or when you engage in promotional activities we provide with third party partners.


{list item} With select third parties, so that they can provide you with information and marketing messages about products and services you may enjoy.


To LEARN MORE about these and other ways in which we may share your personal information, please see our {removed href} full Policy.


What Choices Do You Have?


We want you to understand your choices regarding how we may process your personal information. Depending on how you use the Service, these choices may include the following:


{number list}.


{list item} INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING. Visit the {removed href} Network Advertising Initiatives online resources, and/or the {removed href} DAAs resources to learn about how you may opt-out of certain interest-based advertising. Some of these opt-outs may not be effective unless your browser is set to accept cookies. Furthermore, if you use a different device, change browsers or delete cookies, you may need to perform the opt-out task again.


{list item} COOKIES SETTINGS AND PREFERENCES. You may disable cookies and other tracking technologies through the settings in your browser.


{list item} E-MAIL SETTINGS AND PREFERENCES. If you no longer want to receive marketing e-mails from us, you may choose to unsubscribe at any time. You can also set your e-mail options through your e-mail service provider to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain tracking technologies.


Please be sure to check the full {removed href} Privacy Policy for more information about your choices.


Questions About Our Privacy Policy?


For more questions about our Privacy Policy, please feel free to email us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS.


California residents {removed href} click here to learn how we process information in accordance with California law.


Zoro Privacy Policy.


Zoro Tools, Inc. (Zoro, we, our, or us) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how your personal information is collected, used, stored, processed, transferred and disclosed by Zoro.


This Privacy Policy applies to our websites and brands, including {removed href} {removed hyperref} and any other website, mobile application, or other online service that links to this Policy (collectively, our Service).


By accessing or using our Service, you signify that you have read, understood and agree to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and our {removed href} Terms of Service.


1. What Information Do We Collect About You and How Do We Use it?


We collect personal information about you when you voluntarily submit information to us when you use our Service. This can include information you provide to us when you register for an account, make a purchase, post a review, send us messages, subscribe to our mailing lists, newsletters or other forms of marketing communications, participate in a survey, click on an ad, redeem a promotion or use some other feature of our Service.


We collect certain information automatically when you use the Service, such as information about the pages you look at on our Service, the actions you take on our Service or the device you use to access our Service.


We may also collect information about you from third parties.


For example, the types of personal information we collect may include:


{number list}.


{list item} Contact and profile information.


{list item} Comments, chat and opinions.


{list item} Payment and transaction information.


{list item} Location information.


{list item} Information provided by social networks.


{list item} Information provided by third parties.


{list item} Information provided by other Grainger entities.


{list item} Information about fraudulent or criminal activity related to your account.


The list below sets out the types of personal information we collect about you and how we use that information.


{number list}.


{list item} CONTACT AND PROFILE INFORMATION. We may collect personal information, such as your name, phone number, address, business information, and e-mail address, when you when you register for our Service, sign up for our mailing list, enter a contest, participate in an offer, redeem a promotion, or enter a sweepstakes, or otherwise communicate or interact with us. We will use your contact information to create your account, to communicate with you directly about the Service and about any questions, issues or concerns you or other users have, and to send you marketing communications in accordance with your preferences.


{list item} COMMENTS, CHAT AND OPINIONS. When you communicate with us directly, e. g. by email, phone, mail or by completing an online form or participating in online chat, we will record your comments and opinions. We will also record comments and opinions you express when responding to surveys, entering a sweepstakes or taking part in promotions we run. We will use your comments and opinions to address your questions, issues and concerns and improve our products and services. We may also use the comments and opinions to determine products and services that may be of interest to you and to send you marketing communications in accordance with your marketing preferences.


{list item} PAYMENT AND TRANSACTION INFORMATION. We collect information such as items purchased, data and time of your transaction, and payment information, such as your credit card or bank account details, when you make an online purchase in order to complete the transaction, detect and prevent fraud, and inform our advertising and marketing.


{list item} LOCATION INFORMATION. We collect information about your location. We may approximate your location based on your IP address. We use your location information to provide personalized content and advertising, to enhance your shopping experience, to assist us with analytics such as site traffic measurement, and to improve the effectiveness of our websites, merchandise, advertising, and customer service. We may also use your location information to provide you with more information regarding events such as trade shows, personalized offers regarding products, services, or other opportunities, and notifications via social media which may interest you.


{list item} INFORMATION PROVIDED BY SOCIAL NETWORKS. When you interact with our Service through various social media networks, such as when you Like us on Facebook or when you follow Zoro or share Zoro content on Facebook, Twitter, Snapchat, LinkedIn, Instagram, Pinterest, or other sites, we may receive information from those social networks including your profile information and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties. We use this information to communicate or interact with you on the social network, to better understand the demographics of our visitors, and to personalize content and advertising. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third party websites and social media networks and services before linking or connecting them to our website or Service.


{list item} INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THIRD PARTIES. From time to time, we may receive information about you from third parties and other users, for example we may obtain information from our suppliers, resellers, marketing partners, and other business partners or from other members of your company or organization. We may obtain information from third parties to enhance or supplement our existing user information. For example, we may obtain mailing address information or we may work with third party partners who help us determine a location based on your IP address so that we are able to customize content for your location. We may also collect information about you that is publicly available. We may combine this information with the information we collect from you directly. We use this information to contact you, to send you advertising or promotional materials or to personalize our Service, to pre-populate online forms, and to better understand the demographics of our users.


{list item} INFORMATION PROVIDED BY OTHER GRAINGER ENTITIES. We may receive information about you from other Grainger companies, businesses, brands and affiliated entities in our family of companies, so that information you provide to one brand may be used by another brand to provide you services or to communicate with you.


{list item} INFORMATION ABOUT FRAUDULENT OR CRIMINAL ACTIVITY RELATING TO YOUR ACCOUNT. We may use information about fraudulent or criminal activity associated with the use of our Service related to your account for the purposes of detecting and preventing fraud or abuse.


{list item} ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION: We will use the personal information we collect to operate, maintain and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service, to communicate with you, to monitor and improve our Service and business, and to help us develop new products and services.


If you choose not to provide personal information, we may not be able to provide you with requested products, services or information.


CROSS-CONTEXT INFORMATION. We may link or combine your activities and information collected from you on our website with your purchases and information we receive from third parties, as well as information we collect automatically through tracking technologies. This allows us to provide you with a personalized experience regardless of how you interact with us online, through our call center, on your mobile device, or on social media.


2. Information Automatically Collected Through Cookies and Other Tracking Technology.


When you use our Service, call our customer service, read our emails, or otherwise engage with us through a computer or mobile device, we and our third party partners, automatically collect information about how you access and use the Service and information about the device you use to access the Service.


We use this information to enhance and personalize your user experience, to monitor and improve our websites and services, and for other internal purposes.


We typically collect this information through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, Flash objects, web beacons, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, and similar technology (collectively, TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES).


Information we collect automatically about you may be combined with other personal information we collect directly.


We and our third party partners use tracking technologies to automatically collect usage and device information, such as:


{number list}.


{list item} INFORMATION ABOUT HOW YOU ACCESS THE SERVICE, for example, the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our website, how frequently you access the Service, when and whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails, whether you access the Service from multiple devices, and other actions you take on the Service.


{list item} INFORMATION ABOUT HOW YOU USE THE SERVICE, for example, the pages you visit, the links you click, the ads you view and click on, purchase information and your checkout process, your location when you access or interact with our Service, and other similar actions.


{list item} INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPUTER, TABLET, SMARTPHONE OR OTHER DEVICE YOU USE, such as your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type/model/manufacturer, operating system, date and time stamp, a unique ID that allows us to uniquely identify your browser, mobile device or your account (including, for example, a persistent device identifier or an Ad ID), and other such information.


{list item} ANALYTICS INFORMATION. We may collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service and to understand more about the demographics and behaviors of our users.


We, or the third party partners we engage, may use the data collected through tracking technologies to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information, including targeted content and advertising; (c) identify and contact you across multiple devices; (d) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (e) perform analytics and detect usage patterns on our Service; (f) diagnose or fix technology problems; (g) detect or prevent fraud or other harmful activities, and (h) otherwise to plan for and enhance our service.


YOUR CHOICES TO CONTROL TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES. If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies.


Blocking or deleting cookies may negatively impact your experience using the Service, as some features and services on our Service may not work properly.


Depending on your mobile device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all tracking technologies.


You may set your e-mail options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you viewed or engaged with our emails.


Deleting cookies does not delete Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as Flash objects and HTML5. You can learn more about Flash objects - including how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies on Adobes website or by {removed href} clicking here. If you choose to delete Flash objects from our Service, then you may not be able to access and use all or part of the Service or benefit from the information and services offered.


DO NOT TRACK. Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our visitors, we are not able to respond to Do Not Track signals from your browser at this time.


To learn more about how we and our third party partners use information for online advertising purposes, please see {removed href} Third Party Data Collection and Interest Based Advertising below.


3. How We Share Your Information.


We may share your personal information in the instances described below. For further information on your choices regarding your information, see the {removed href} Your Choices and Control Over Your Information section below.


We may share your personal information with the following parties:


{number list}.


{list item} OUR AFFILIATES AND COMPANIES IN THE SAME GROUP OF COMPANIES AS US: Our affiliates or our ultimate holding Grainger (i. e., any organization that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries it owns. These companies may use your personal information in the ways listed in their Privacy Policy.


{list item} THIRD PARTIES AT YOUR REQUEST: You may choose to share your activities on {removed hyperref} with your friends through email, text, or on various social media networks.


{list item} PROMOTIONAL PARTNERS: Third parties with whom we partner to provide contests and sweepstakes, or other promotional activities, which will usually be identified by name in the Official Rules of the contest or sweepstakes.


{list item} SELECT THIRD PARTIES: Third parties, so that they can provide you with information and marketing messages about products or services that may interest you. To opt-out of our sharing your personal information with such companies, see {removed href} Your Choices and Control Over Your Information, below.


{list item} SERVICE PROVIDERS AND ADVISORS: Third party vendors and other service providers that perform services for us, on our behalf, which may include identifying and serving targeted advertisements, providing mailing or email services, tax and accounting services, product fulfillment, payments processing, data enhancement services, fraud prevention, web hosting, or providing analytic services.


{list item} PRODUCT SUPPLIERS: Third party product suppliers who may have a legitimate business or legal interest in receiving such information. For example, personal information may be shared with product suppliers to fulfill warranty service obligations, product recalls, or transaction tracking regarding shipments or leases of supplier products.


{list item} THE PUBLIC: When you provide feedback or post user content on our site. For example, if you post a product review on our website or a comment on our social media sites, your information, such as your first name, last initial, state of residence, and your comments, may be displayed on our website or on our social media pages.


{list item} PURCHASERS AND THIRD PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH A BUSINESS TRANSACTION: Personal information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a Zoro-related transaction, such as a merger, sale of Zoro assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business, or in the event of a bankruptcy or related or similar proceedings; and.


{list item} LAW ENFORCEMENT, REGULATORS AND OTHER PARTIES FOR LEGAL REASONS: Third parties as required by law or subpoena or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our Terms of Use or to protect the security or integrity of our Service; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Zoro, our visitors, or others.


We may also share information with others in an aggregated or otherwise anonymized form that does not reasonably identify you.


4. Your Choices and Control Over Your Information.


PROFILE AND DATA SHARING SETTINGS: You may update your profile information, such as your user name, address, or billing information, and may change some of your data sharing preferences on your {removed href} Account Page or through requests submitted on our {removed href} Privacy Portal.


HOW TO CONTROL YOUR EMAIL PREFERENCES: You can stop receiving promotional email communications from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided in such communications. We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests. You may not opt out of service-related communications (e. g., account verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices).


HOW TO CONTROL YOUR TEXT MESSAGE PREFERENCES: If you receive SMS text messages, you may opt-out at any time by replying STOP or following the instructions in the text message communication.


MODIFYING OR DELETING YOUR INFORMATION: If you have any questions about reviewing, modifying, or deleting your information, or if you want to remove your name or comments from our website or publicly displayed content, you can contact us directly at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. We may not be able to modify or delete your information in all circumstances.


GEOLOCATION: You may control location tracking by adjusting your location services settings on your mobile device. We may continue to approximate your location based on your IP address when you access the Service through a computer or device.


5. Third Party Data Collection and Interest Based Advertising.


We engage in interest-based advertising and permit third party online advertising networks, social media companies and other third party services, to collect information about your use of our website over time so that they may play or display ads on our Service, on other websites, apps or services you may use, and on other devices you may use. We may also use third party services to collect information about your browser or device, or your online activity on our Service so that we may enhance or personalize your experience, better understand the demographics of our users and how they interact with our Service, evaluate the success of our marketing campaigns, track reporting, referrals and attribution, and similar activities.


Interest Based Advertising.


We participate in interest-based advertising and use third party advertising companies to serve you targeted advertisements based on your browsing history. Typically, though not always, the information used for interest-based advertising is collected through cookies or similar tracking technologies, which recognize the device you are using and collect information, including click stream information, browser type, time and date you visited the site and other information. We may share a common account identifier (such as an email address or user ID) with our third party advertising partners to help identify you across devices. We and our third party partners use this information to make the advertisements you see online more relevant to your interests, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics and market research.


Cross-Device Linking.


We, or our third party partners, may link your various devices so that content you see on one device can result in relevant advertising on another device. We do this by collecting information about each device you use when you are logged in to our Service. We may also work with third party partners who employ tracking technologies, or the application of statistical modeling tools, to determine if two or more devices are linked to a single user or household. We may share a common account identifier (such as an email address or user ID) with third party advertising partners to help recognize you across devices. We, and our partners, can use this cross-device linkage to serve interest-based advertising and other personalized content to you across your devices, to perform analytics and to measure the performance of our advertising campaigns.


YOUR CHOICES AND CONTROL OVER COOKIES, TRACKING AND INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING PREFERENCES.


COOKIES AND FLASH COOKIES. Most browsers allow you to adjust your browser settings to: (i) notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies.


Blocking or deleting cookies may negatively impact your experience using the Service, as some features and services on our Service may not work properly.


Deleting cookies does not delete Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as Flash objects and HTML5. To manage Flash cookie settings and preferences, you must use the settings manager on Adobes website or by {removed href} clicking here. If you choose to delete Flash objects from our Service, then you may not be able to access and use all or part of the Service or benefit from the information and services offered.


INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING. To learn about interest-based advertising and how you may be able to opt-out of some of this advertising, you may wish to visit the {removed href} Network Advertising Initiatives online resources, and/or the {removed href} DAAs resources.


CROSS-DEVICE LINKING. Please note that opting-out of receiving interest-based advertising through the NAIs and DAAs online resources will only opt-out a user from receiving interest-based ads on that specific browser or device, but the user may still receive interest-based ads on his or her other devices. You must perform the opt-out on each browser or device you use.


MOBILE ADVERTISING. You may also be able to limit interest-based advertising through the settings on your mobile device by selecting limit ad tracking (iOS) or opt-out of interest based ads (Android). You may also be able to opt-out of some but not all interest-based ads served by mobile ad networks by visiting {removed href} {removed hyperref} and downloading the mobile AppChoices app.


Some of these opt-outs may not be effective unless your browser is set to accept cookies. If you delete cookies, change your browser settings, switch browsers or computers, or use another operating system, you may need to opt-out again.


Social Media Widgets and Advertising.


Our Service may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, Google Plus, LinkedIn, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter or other widgets. These social media companies may recognize you and collect information about your visit to our Service, and they may set a cookie or employ other tracking technologies. Your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of those companies.


We display targeted advertising to you through social media platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and others. These companies have interest-based advertising programs that allow us to direct advertisements to users who have shown interest in our Service while those users are on the social media platform, or to groups of other users who share similar traits, such as likely commercial interests and demographics. We may share a unique identifier, such as a user ID or hashed email address, with these platform providers or they may collect information from our website visitors through a first-party pixel, in order to direct targeted advertising to you or to a custom audience on the social media platform. These advertisements are governed by the privacy policies of those social media companies that provide them. If you do not want to receive targeted ads on your social networks, you may be able to adjust your advertising preferences through your settings on those networks.


For example:


{number list}.


{list item} Facebook. To learn more about your advertising preferences on Facebook, click {removed href} here.


{list item} Twitter. To learn more about privacy controls for personalized ads on Twitter, click {removed href} here.


{list item} LinkedIn. To learn more about advertising preferences on LinkedIn, click {removed href} here.


{list item} Instagram. To learn more about advertising preferences on Instagram, click {removed href} here.


{list item} Pinterest. To learn more about advertising preferences on Pinterest, click {removed href} here.


Third Party Partners.


The following is a sample of the third party service partners we work with to provide cross-device linking and/or advertising services. We will strive to update this list if or when we work with new partners which offer you choices about the collection of your information, but as partners change and new technologies become available, this list is likely to change over time and may not always reflect our current partners.


GOOGLE ANALYTICS AND ADVERTISING. We use Google Analytics and Google Universal Analytics to recognize you and link the devices you use when you visit our site or Service on your browser or mobile device, login to your account on our Service, or otherwise engage with us. We share a unique identifier, like a user ID or hashed email address, with Google Universal Analytics to facilitate the service. Google Analytics allows us to better understand how our users interact with our Service and to tailor our advertisements and content to you. For information on how Google Analytics collects and processes data, as well as how you can control information sent to Google, review Googles site How Google uses data when you use our partners sites or apps located at {removed href} {removed hyperref}/. You can learn about Google Analytics currently available opt-outs, including the Google Analytics Browser Ad-On {removed href} here.


We may also utilize certain forms of display advertising and other advanced features through Google Analytics, such as Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager Integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These features enable us to use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the Doubleclick advertising cookie) or other third party cookies together to inform, optimize, and display ads based on your past visits to the Service. You may control your advertising preferences or opt-out of certain Google advertising products by visiting the Google Ads Preferences Manager, currently available at {removed href} {removed hyperref} or by vising NAIs online resources at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


GOOGLE MAPS/GOOGLE EARTH ADDITIONAL TERMS OF SERVICE. We use Google Maps/Google Earth to help enhance your experience on our site or as you use the Service. Unless your browser is configured to prevent interaction these tools may automatically collect information about your location, including through IP address, GPS and other sensor data that may, for example, provide Google with information on nearby devices, WiFi access points and cell towers, in order to display relevant geographic information to you. This information is governed by the {removed href} Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of Service and the {removed href} Google Privacy Policy. For more information regarding Googles currently available opt-outs, click {removed href} here.


GOOGLE ADVERTISING. To learn more about your ad settings through Google, click {removed href} here.


ADOBE MARKETING CLOUD DEVICE CO-OP. We participate in the Adobe Marketing Cloud Device Co-Op to better understand how you use our website and apps across the various devices you use, and to deliver tailored content and advertisements. Go to {removed href} {removed hyperref} to learn more about how Adobe links your devices and to manage your choices relating to this linking of devices.


We may also work with the following advertising partners. To learn more about their services and/or how you may be able to opt-out of certain advertising, please visit the links below. In addition, you may also want to visit {removed hyperref} to learn more about online advertising and your choices to control online advertising across a number of third party ad networks.


{number list}.


{list item} AddThis (Part of Oracle Marketing Data Cloud). {removed href} {removed hyperref}. html.


{list item} Beeswax. {removed href} {removed hyperref}/


{list item} Bing Ads. {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{list item} CDK Global. {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{list item} Criteo. {removed href} {removed hyperref}/


{list item} Dataxu. {removed href} {removed hyperref}/


{list item} Demandbase. {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{list item} Dstillery. {removed href} {removed hyperref}/


{list item} Exponential. {removed href} {removed hyperref}/


{list item} Kibo Commerce. {removed href} {removed hyperref}/


{list item} LinkedIn. {removed href} {removed hyperref}/


{list item} LiveRamp. {removed href} {removed hyperref}/


{list item} Media Math. {removed href} {removed hyperref}/


User Experience Information.


On some of our services, we use third party tools to monitor user experience information. These tools automatically collect usage information, including mouse clicks and movements, page scrolling and any text keyed into website forms. The information collected does not include passwords, payment details, or other sensitive personal data. We use this information for site analytics, optimization and to improve website usability. We do not permit this information to be shared with or used by third parties for their own purposes.


6. How We Store and Protect Your Information.


DATA STORAGE AND TRANSFER: Your information collected through our website may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Zoro or its affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U. S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.


KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION SAFE: Security of your information is very important to us, and we have put in place safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of information we collect and that we share with our service providers. However, no security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and, where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.


7. Childrens Privacy.


Zoro does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 16 on this Site. In the event that we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a child under age 16, we will delete that information. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under 16, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


8. State-Specific Disclosures.


We may choose or be required by law to provide different or additional disclosures relating to the processing of personal information about residents of certain states. Please refer below for disclosures that may be applicable to you:


{number list}.


{list item} CALIFORNIA. If you are a California resident, please {removed href} click here for additional California-specific privacy disclosures. You may also submit a request through our {removed href} Privacy Portal.


{list item} NEVADA. Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. To submit such a request, please submit a request through our {removed href} Privacy Portal.


9. Links to Other Websites and Services.


The Services may contain links to and from third party websites of our business partners, advertisers, and social media sites and our users may post links to third party websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies. We strongly recommend that you read their privacy policies and terms and conditions of use to understand how they collect, use, and share information. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content on the websites of third party sites.


10. How to Contact Us.


If you have any questions about this {removed href} Privacy Policy or the website, please {removed href} Contact Customer Service or email {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


11. Changes to Our Privacy Policy.


We may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect the changes in our business and practices, and you should review this page periodically. We will update the last modified date at the bottom of this page when we post changes to this Policy. If you object to any changes, you may close your account. Continuing to use our Services after we publish changes to this Privacy Policy means that you are consenting to the changes.


This privacy policy was last modified on December 15, 2020.


Effective date: January 1, 2021.


CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE.


Last Updated: December 15, 2020.


Effective Date: January 1, 2021.


This California Privacy Notice (the CA Disclosures) supplements the information contained in our Privacy Policy and applies solely to individual residents of the State of California (consumers or you).


Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in these CA Disclosures have the same meaning as defined in our Privacy Policy or as otherwise defined the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).


1. SCOPE.


When we use the term personal information in these CA Disclosures, we mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.


For the purposes of these Disclosures, personal information does not include:


{number list}.


{list item} Publicly available information from government records.


{list item} Deidentified, aggregated or anonymized information that is maintained in a form that is not capable of being associated with or linked to you.


{list item} Information excluded from the CCPAs scope, such as health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data; or information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Drivers Privacy Protection Act of 1994.


{list item} Information relating to our current employees, contractors and other personnel.


2. COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We collect personal information from and about you for a variety of purposes. To learn more about the types of personal information we collect, the sources from which we collect or receive personal information, and the purposes for which we use this information, please refer to {removed href} What Information Do We Collect About You and How Do We Use It? in our {removed href} Privacy Policy.


In the last 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information:


CATEGORY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED.


COLLECTED.


CATEGORIES OF SOURCES.


Identifiers, such as your name, address, phone number, email address, date of birth or other similar identifiers.


{number list}.


{list item} Directly from you.


{list item} Our business partners and affiliates.


{list item} Third parties you direct to share information with us.


{list item} Social networks.


{list item} Data sellers.


California Customer Records (Cal. Civ. Code 1798. 80(e)), such as birthdate, contact information and payment information.


{number list}.


{list item} Directly from you.


{list item} Our business partners and affiliates.


{list item} Third parties you direct to share information with us.


{list item} Social networks.


{list item} Data sellers.


Commercial Information, such as shopping and purchase history.


{number list}.


{list item} Directly from you.


{list item} Your browser or device.


Internet/Network Information, such as device information, logs and analytics data.


{number list}.


{list item} Your browser or device.


Geolocation Data, such as location information generated based on IP address.


{number list}.


{list item} Your browser or device.


Sensory Information, such as recordings of phone calls with us, where permitted by law.


{number list}.


{list item} Directly from you.


Profession/Employment Information, such as your company information and, for applicants, your employment history.


{number list}.


{list item} Directly from you.


{list item} From our customers.


{list item} For applicants, from third parties you direct to share information with us.


Non-Public Education Information (20 U. S. C. 1232g, 34 C. F. R. Part 99), such as educational history, degree (for applicants only).


{number list}.


{list item} Directly from you.


{list item} Third parties you direct to share information from us.


Other Personal Information, including information you post on our social media pages or otherwise provide to us.


{number list}.


{list item} Directly from you.


{list item} Third parties you direct to share information from us.


{list item} Your browser or device.


Inferences, such as predictions about your interests and preferences.


{number list}.


{list item} Your browser or device.


{list item} Information generated or derived from your online browsing and usage activity.


3. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.


As described in the section called {removed href} How We Share Your Information in our {removed href} Privacy Policy, we share personal information with third parties for business purposes or we may sell your personal information to third parties, subject to your right to opt out of those sales (see The Right to Opt-Out of Personal Information Sales below).


In the previous 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information to third parties for a business purpose:


{number list}.


{list item} All of the categories of personal information we collect, explained in the table above.


In the previous 12 months, we have sold (as defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act) the following categories of personal information to third parties (see below), subject to your settings and preferences and your Right to Opt Out:


{number list}.


{list item} Identifiers.


{list item} Commercial Information.


{list item} Internet / Network Information.


{list item} Geolocation Data.


The categories of third parties to whom we sell or disclose your personal information for a business purpose include:


{number list}.


{list item} Our affiliate companies.


{list item} Other third party business partners who use this information to market to you, to perform analytics and conduct research, or for other purposes;


{list item} Service providers and advisors that perform services for us, on our behalf, which may include providing marketing and advertising services, providing mailing or email services, tax and accounting services, data enhancement services, fraud prevention, web hosting, or similar services;


{list item} Product Suppliers who may use the information to fulfill warranty service obligations, product recalls, or transaction tracking regarding shipments or leases of supplier products or similar activities;


{list item} Businesses as needed to provide Services or to fulfil your request or transaction, including, for example, order fulfilment, payment processing, or delivery or shipping services;


{list item} Ad networks and advertising partners to deliver advertising and personalized content to you on our Service, on other sites and services you may use, and across other devices you may use, as well as provide on behalf of advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics and market research;


{list item} Analytics providers to better understand the demographics of our users and visitors, and to personalize, enhance and improve our Service;


{list item} Social networks for advertising or personalization purposes, or to engage with you.


We may also disclose personal information to other third parties at your direction or upon your request, or to comply with legal process or contractual obligations, as described in our {removed href} Privacy Policy.


THIRD-PARTY TRACKING AND ONLINE ADVERTISING.


We utilize third-party partners to engage in online advertising. These ad networks, social media companies and other third-party businesses collect your personal information directly from your browser or device through cookies or similar tracking technology when you visit or interact with our website, or otherwise engage with us online. These third parties use your personal information to serve relevant ads on our site, on other websites or mobile apps, or on other devices you may use, or to personalize content and perform other advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics and market research. These third-party businesses may use such information for their own purposes in accordance with their own privacy statements, which may include reselling this information to additional third parties, including other advertising networks.


Please see {removed href} Third Party Data Collection and Interest Based Advertising in our Privacy Policy for more information about how third parties use cookies and related technologies to collect information automatically on our websites and other online services, and the choices you may have in relation to those choices.


4. YOUR CALIFORNIA CONSUMER RIGHTS.


As a California resident, you may be able to exercise the following rights in relation to the Personal Information about you that we have collected (subject to certain limitations at law):


THE RIGHT TO KNOW.


You have the right to request any or all of the following information relating to your personal information we have collected and disclosed in the last 12 months, upon verification of your identity:


{number list}.


{list item} The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;


{list item} The categories of personal information we have collected about you;


{list item} The categories of sources of the personal information;


{list item} The categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom this information was disclosed;


{list item} The categories of personal information we have sold and the categories of third parties to whom the information was sold; and.


{list item} The business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling the personal information.


THE RIGHT TO REQUEST DELETION.


You have the right to request the deletion of personal information we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.


THE RIGHT TO OPT OUT OF PERSONAL INFORMATION SALES.


You have the right to direct us not to sell personal information we have collected about you to third parties now or in the future.


THE RIGHT TO NON-DISCRIMINATION.


You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising these rights.


However, please note that if the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you our products and services or engage with you in the same manner.


SHINE THE LIGHTSWEE.


California residents that have an established business relationship with us have rights to know how their information is disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes under Californias Shine the Light law (Civ. Code 1798. 83).


5. TO EXERCISE YOUR CALIFORNIA CONSUMER RIGHTS.


To exercise your California Consumer Rights, please submit a request by:


{number list}.


{list item} Filling out a California Consumer Rights Request through our {removed href} Privacy Portal, or.


{list item} Sending an email to {removed href} {removed hyperref}, or.


{list item} Calling our Customer Service privacy team at 866-438-3771 anytime between 7: 00 am and 5: 00 pm Monday through Friday.


We will need to verify your identity before processing your request, which may require us to request additional personal information from you or require you to log into your account, if you have one. We will only use personal information provided in connection with a Consumer Rights Request to review and comply with the request.


In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the rights described above, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems. If we are unable to comply with all or a portion of your request, we will explain the reasons for declining to comply with the request.


THIRD PARTY TRACKING AND ONLINE ADVERTISING.


We utilize third-party partners to collect certain personal information directly from your browser or device when you visit or interact with our websites and other online services for the purpose of serving relevant advertisements on our site, as well as on other websites or mobile applications, or personalize content or perform other advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics and market research. These third-party businesses will use personal information for their own purposes in accordance with their own privacy notice or privacy policy, which may include reselling this information to additional third parties. Please visit {removed href} Third Party Data Collection and Interest Based Advertising section of our Privacy Policy for more information about how third parties use cookies and related technologies to collect information automatically on our websites and other online services, and the choices you may have in relation to those practices.


MINORS UNDER AGE 16.


Our websites are not directed to minors. We do not sell the personal information of consumers we know to be less than 16 years of age.


CALIFORNIAS SHINE THE LIGHT LAW.


Californias Shine the Light law (Civil Code Section 1798. 83) provides certain rights to California residents that have an established business relationship with us with regard to the disclosure of certain types of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To opt-out of having your personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, please submit a California Consumer Rights Request through our {removed href} Privacy Portal and provide your contact information to be added to our suppression list.


6. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION.


UPDATES TO THESE CA DISCLOSURES.


We will update these CA Disclosures from time to time. When we make changes to these CA Disclosures, we will change the Last Updated date at the beginning of these Disclosures. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided in the notification.


CONTACT US.


If you have any questions or requests in connection with this Notice or other privacy-related matters, please send an email to {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


