


Fleet Tracking - Privacy Policy NEW Fleet Tracking.


Privacy Policy.


Your privacy is important to us. The following Privacy Policy discloses the information practices followed by us with respect to personal information gathered through the {removed hyperref} website and 3rd-party services, including the type of information that we gather, the way we use information and our policy regarding sharing information with others. We may use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Services. By using the Services, you agree to the collection and use of your Personal Information in accordance with this Policy. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions.


GPS L OCATION INFORMATION.


Telematics units will track device location by sending GPS coordinates to the {removed hyperref} Portal application. We may also determine location by using other data from your mobile device, such as information about wireless networks or cell towers near your device. We use and store information about your location to enable many product features that are dependent upon location tracking. We may also use collected information to troubleshoot software, to conduct data analysis, to do testing, research, and to monitor and analyze usage and activity trends to improve and customize the services.


GPS TRACKING DEVICE INFORMATION.


We may collect information about the devices you use to access our services, including hardware details, operating system details, software details, unique device identifiers, serial numbers, device motion information, device location and mobile network information.


FLEET TRACKING SOFTWARE LOG INFORMATION.


As you interact with our services, we collect server logs, which may include information such as device IP address, access dates and times, application pages viewed, app crashes, browser details and other system activities. In addition, we use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Services functionality. These third-party services providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.


ACCOUNT INFORMATION.


We retain your account information for as long as your account is active, and a reasonable period thereafter for re-use when you decide to reactivate the Services. We also retain your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce our agreements, and to develop and improve our services. Where we retain information for Service improvement and development, it will be anonymized and used to uncover collective insights about the use of our Services, not to specifically analyze personal characteristics of you.


HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?


Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.


Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. Your payment and personal information is always safe. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.


We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.


All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.


CONFIDENTIALITY.


{removed hyperref} or its agents will not disclose information to any other person or entity except as follows: (i) to a third party with prior written consent of the other Parties; (ii) to a governmental body having jurisdiction and specifically requiring such disclosure after reasonable notice and opportunity to object; (iii) as may otherwise be required by law, for example, pursuant to a valid subpoena, or under a protective order.


If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.


{removed href} {removed hyperref}.


UPDATES TO THIS POLICY.


We may occasionally update this policy. If we make significant changes, we will notify you of the changes through the application portal or through others means, such as e-mail. By using our services, you consent to our updates to this policy, to the extent permitted under applicable law. We encourage you to periodically review this policy for the latest information with respect to our.


privacy practices.


