


Privacy Policy.


To see our old privacy Policy {removed href} click here.


This Privacy Policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their Personally Identifiable Information (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our Privacy Policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect, or otherwise handle your PII in accordance with our website and mobile applications. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to Rabbit Airs Terms of Use. By using Rabbit Airs services, you represent and warrant that you have read and consent to the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy.


Effective Date: March 10, 2017.


What PII Do We Collect From the People Who Use Our Website or Applications?


CONTACT INFORMATION.


When using our site or mobile applications, you may be asked to enter your name, address, ZIP code, email address, phone number, shipping carrier, or other contact information to help us deliver products and services to you.


PAYMENT INFORMATION.


When purchasing Rabbit Air products, you will be redirected to Shopify, a third-party e-commerce platform used to facilitate transactions. In addition to the above contact information, payment information, including payment card information, may be collected by Shopify. All information collected by Shopify is subject to Shopifys Privacy Policy, available {removed href} here, and your use of Shopify is governed by Shopifys Terms of Service, available {removed href} here.


In occasional instances where a customer is incapable of using or unwilling to use the Shopify platform, we may collect that customers payment information over the phone. In these instances, we collect payment information solely for the limited purpose of completing the order. We do not retain that payment information after the order is completed.


In connection with your Shopify account, we may collect and store username and password information, as well as other information about the transaction, to help us keep track of our sales, but we do not collect or retain any payment information.


DEVICE INFORMATION.


If your Rabbit Air air purifier is Wi-Fi enabled, we may collect certain information in order to monitor device performance and customer preferences, including whether the device is on or off, device speeds, and the air quality and light levels in the room where the device is located.


YOUR IP ADDRESS.


Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. The Company receives IP addresses from all users because this information is automatically reported by your browser each time you view a web page. The Company may use IP addresses for various purposes, including but not limited to diagnosing technology problems, sending appropriate advertising based on your geographic area, or estimating the total number of people visiting our site from specific countries or regions.


COOKIES.


When you visit our site, we use cookies and other services to improve your experience. For more information, see our cookie policy below.


SOCIAL MEDIA.


If you interact with us on social media, by liking our Facebook page or following us on Twitter for example, we will have basic information about you available on those social media platforms. That and other of your information is subject to those platforms Terms of Use and Privacy Policies.


How Do We Use Your Information?


We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:


{number list}.


{list item} To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver content and product offerings that may be of interest to you.


{list item} To improve our website in order to better serve you.


{list item} To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.


{list item} To administer a contest, promotion, advertising, survey, or other site feature.


How Long Do We Keep Your Data?


We keep the information we collect once the customer relationship is established, but will delete or modify it upon your request (for instructions on how to do so, see the section of this Privacy Policy titled How Can You Access or Change Your Information?). Information collected by third parties discussed in this Privacy Policy (Shopify, for example) will be subject to those parties data retention policies.


How Do We Protect Your Information?


We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via our website or mobile applications, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for https at the beginning of the address of the web page.


While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to PII. The computers/servers in which we store PII are kept in a secure environment.


Do We Use Cookies?


Yes. Cookies are small files which a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) and which enable the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.


We Use Cookies To:


{number list}.


{list item} Place orders on our website (if cookies are disabled you will likely be unable to place orders on the website and your site experience may be less efficient).


{list item} Understand and save users preferences for future visits.


{list item} Tailor our advertising to users who have visited our site and understand which of our advertisements are most effective.


{list item} Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.


Through your browsers settings, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browsers help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.


How We Respond to Do Not Track (DNT) Signals.


Rabbit Air takes privacy and security very seriously, and strives to put our members first in all aspects of our business. With regard to DNT, Rabbit Air currently does not respond to DNT signals in browsers because no DNT standard has been adopted. Therefore, if a DNT browser mechanism is in place, we will still track, plant cookies, or use advertising as described in this Privacy Policy.


Google Advertising.


We use Google Ads remarketing on our website, which permits Google, using cookies, to show our advertisements to users of our website when they visit other sites on the Internet. Users can set preferences for how Google advertises using the Google Ad Settings page. Further instructions for managing the ads you see or opting out Ad Personalization are available {removed href} here.


Amazon Web Services.


We use the Amazon Web Services platform to host some of our services, including without limitation our mobile application(s). More information about Amazon Web Services, including their Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, is available {removed href} here.


Other Third Parties.


We may allow access to your information, at your discretion, in order to serve you more efficiently and effectively. We use the {removed href} ReCharge payment application, for example, to allow you to set up recurring payments for filter replacements; {removed href} MailChimp to send out emails; and {removed href} {removed hyperref} to solicit customer reviews. In addition to these, we may use other services. Services like these may use cookies.


Data Ownership.


We are the sole owners of information collected from you on our website or mobile applications. Except for purposes of marketing, and to deal with our existing customers, as discussed above, we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your PII to outside parties. Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.


The California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA).


CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The laws reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting PII from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. You can learn more about CalOPPA {removed href} here.


In accordance with CalOPPA, we agree to the following:


{number list}.


{list item} Users can visit our site anonymously.


{list item} This Privacy Policy will be available through a link on our home page or, at a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.


{list item} Our Privacy Policy link will include the word Privacy and be easily accessible on the page specified above.


{list item} Users will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes on our Privacy Policy page.


{list item} Users will be able to change their personal information by logging into their account.


Children.


We do not knowingly collect PII from children under 13. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we will take steps to remove the information and terminate the childs account.


Email Communications.


We may occasionally communicate with you by e-mail. We may use your e-mail, for example, to notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, discuss your purchases, respond to inquiries, or send you our Rabbit Air newsletter. Any regular e-mails from us, including the newsletter, will contain instructions for opting out of such regular e-mail communications.


How Can You Access or Change Your Information?


By contacting us via the e-mail address below, you may see what data we have about you (if any), change/correct any data we have about you, have us delete any data we have about you, or express any concern you have about our use of your data.


Contacting Us.


If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us using the information below.


Attn: Rabbit Air Customer Service Department.


Rabbit Air.


125 N Raymond Ave, Suite 308.


Pasadena, CA 91103.


{removed hyperref}.


888. 866. 8862.


Last Edited on March 10, 2017.


RABBIT AIR Hi! Were here to help! 1.


