


Displaying present location in the site.


Privacy Policy.


Last Update: December 7, 2020.


NEC believes that data privacy and protection are important issues.


At NEC, we are committed to protecting your personal information and being transparent about the collection and processing of personal data.


This Privacy Policy describes NECs practices in connection with information that NEC collects through online and offline activities.


NEC may collect your business contact information such as name, business contact details, position or title from offline registration form that NEC collects via events or other promotions.


Controller of the Personal Data.


{number list}.


{list item} NEC Corporation (hereinafter referred to as NEC).


{list item} Means of contact: This website of {removed hyperref}.


NEC has designated NEC Europe Ltd. as the EU Legal Representative for inquiries on issues related to processing of European personal data by NEC, for the purposes of compliance with GDPR.


NEC Europe Ltd.


Athene, Odyssey Business Park,


West End Road, South Ruislip,


Middlesex HA4 6QE.


UK.


tel: 44 (0) 20 8836 2000.


{removed hyperref}.


Purposes of Processing for the Personal Data.


{number list}.


{list item} To respond to inquiries.


{list item} To respond to requests (such as by providing materials or information, or returning verification results).


{list item} To introduce or relay information about companies (NEC Group companies, NEC distributors, etc.) that deal with NEC products, services, and solutions.


{list item} To provide information or publicity materials about NEC products, services, and solutions.


{list item} To provide information about events such as seminars and exhibitions.


{list item} To conduct surveys and analysis, and analyze website access trends so as to improve products and services.


{list item} To contact customers.


Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data.


The legal basis for processing the personal data is our legitimate interest in the management of the site and the relationship in respect of your contact request, commercial offer or job application and further contractual relationship and our legitimate interests in respect of such relationships, or where appropriate your consent freely given by accepting this privacy policy.


Sharing of Personal Data.


NEC will share personal data with NEC Group Companies and/or NEC distributors in case it is necessary to fulfil Purposes of Processing for the Personal Data described above.


Overseas Transfer of the Personal Data.


NEC manages and operates this inquiry site in Japan.


{number list}.


{list item} Your personal data will be sent to Japan when you agree to the submission of personal data entered into forms such as for contacts and inquiries.


{list item} As of January 23rd, 2019, Japan has been recognized by the European Commission as providing adequate protection of personal data.


{list item} NEC manages the personal data with which it is entrusted through the appropriate implementation of security measures such as access identification and authentication, restrictions on access, authority management, record-keeping, protection against illegal software, and safe procedures for transferring and transmitting data.


Categories of the Personal Data.


Personal data includes name, occupation, organization name, e-mail address, telephone number, postal address, residential country or area, inquiry categories, inquiry subject, inquiry details, access logs, cookies and other information collected upon your visit to this website.


You can control cookies through the Privacy Preference Center, your browsers settings and other tools. However, if you block certain cookies, you may not be able to register, login, or access certain parts or make full use of the Service. For more details, please see NEC Cookie Policy.


{removed href} {removed hyperref}. html.


Period for Which the Personal Data Will Be Stored.


Personal data may be stored for as long as necessary to achieve the stated purpose for using it.


Rights of the Data Subject.


You have the right with regard to the personal data which you provide as follows:


By offering various Internet-related products, services, and solutions, NEC Corporation (NEC) contributes to society as a global leading company which realizes an information society friendly to humans and the earth through innovation.


In working toward the realization of such a society, NEC recognizes that the protection of personal information is its social responsibility, and has established a policy for the protection of personal information. Efforts are constantly being made to implement and maintain the policy. This privacy policy sets forth our principles as follows (note that the original is in Japanese):


{number list}.


{list item} The right to request from the controller access to and rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing concerning the data subject.


{list item} The right to object to processing concerning the data subject.


{list item} The right to data portability: The right to receive the personal data, which the data subject has provided to a data controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and to transmit those data to another data controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided (NEC).


{list item} The right to withdraw consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.


{list item} The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, if it exists, in the country or region that the data object belongs.


Statutory or Contractual Requirement Concerning the Provision of the Personal Data.


Provision of the personal data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract, and you are not obliged to provide personal data. However, if you choose not to provide personal data, it may not be possible to respond to some inquiries.


Non-existence of Decision-making Based Solely on Automated Processing.


The access log for this website undergoes analysis, however, we do not make decisions that might affect you based solely on automated processing of the personal data that you provide, including profiling, in order to analyze or predict your likes and dislikes or personal behavior.


Parental Consent.


If you are under the age of 16, please make sure you provide your personal data to NEC ONLY AFTER obtaining consent given or authorized by the holder of parental responsibility over you.


Security of Processing the Personal Data.


Recipients of the personal data implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk.


Statistical tools.


On NECs Websites, there are pages where a tool is generally used to perform statistical analyses of user behavior. Information collected by this statistical tool is generally used to improve NECs Websites.


About our privacy practices.


NEC Privacy Policy.


{bullet list}.


{list item} NEC obtains, uses and provides personal information properly based on Japanese Industrial Standards Personal Information Protection Management Systems - Requirements (JISQ 15001). NEC assigns a person in charge of protecting personal information at each of its relevant divisions, taking account of its organizational structure. Among other things, NEC takes appropriate measures not to handle personal information other than for the specified purposes.


{list item} NEC abides by the laws, regulations and guidelines of Japan pertaining to the protection of personal information.


{list item} NEC makes efforts to implement, through the adoption of necessary and appropriate security measures, the security control of personal information handled by NEC, including protection from disclosure, loss or damage.


{list item} NEC appropriately responds to complaints and requests for consultation with respect to NECs handling of personal information and its personal information protection management system. Please contact the designated person or place for inquiries.


{list item} NEC makes efforts to continuously improve its personal information protection management system, including this policy.


Established: July 3, 2000.


Revised: April 26, 2019.


President.


NEC Corporation.


(If you have any questions about NEC Privacy Policy, {removed href} please contact us. This policy applies only to NEC Corporations Privacy Practices, not to those of other NEC Group companies. Please contact each NEC Group company for their Privacy Policy.).


{removed href} Press (Close) or Esc key {removed href} {removed href}.


