


Privacy Policy Contixo.


Contixo respects the privacy of our visitors/customers, which is extremely important to us. We take your online safety seriously. To better serve you and to make you understand how your information is used on our site, we have explained our privacy policy below.


COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA.


Information including user name, address, phone number, and email address, will be collected at the time of user registration on the Site.


If you are registering as retail customer, drop shipper or dealer member, in addition to the information mentioned above, we may also collect information about your business, such as your website, your customers name, address, etc.


If you make a payment, we collect personal data in connection with payment. This data includes your Paypal account, credit or debit card number and other card information, and other account and authentication information, as well as billing, shipping, and contact details.


If you contact our customer service, we may record your conversation with us and collect additional information to verify your identity.


We record users browsing activities on our site including but not limited to IP addresses, browsing patterns, buyer behavioral patterns and equipment information. In addition, we gather statistical information about the Site and visitors to the Site including, but not limited to, IP addresses, browser software, operating system, software and hardware attributes, pages viewed, number of sessions and unique visitors.


Use of Personal Data.


We collect and use your Personal Data for the following purposes:


- Verifying your identity;


- Processing your registration as a user, providing you with a log-in ID for the Site and maintaining and managing your registration;


- Providing you with customer service and responding to your queries, feedback, claims or disputes;


- Offering and measuring targeted advertisements and services.


Disclosure of Personal Data.


We may disclose and transfer your Personal Data to our partners and to service providers engaged by us to assist us to provide services to you.


- Payment service providers to assist with payment for transactions. The activities of payment service providers may be governed by their own privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy;


- Credit risk assessment providers to conduct risk assessment on transactions to prevent fraud and other risk incidents;


- Logistics partners for providing delivery service;


- Customer service to provide pre-sale and after-sale services.


Rights Regarding Personal Data.


We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal data is accurate, complete, and up to date.


The right to access, correct, update or request deletion of your Personal Data.


The right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the marketing e-mails we send you.


Cookies.


We use cookies and similar technologies to provide, protect, and improve our products and services, such as by personalizing content, offering and measuring advertisements, understanding user behavior, and providing a safer experience.


You can remove or reject cookies using your browser or device settings, but in some cases doing so may affect your ability to use our products and services.


Minors.


The Site and their contents might be targeted to minors (those under the age of 18), but we do not intend to collect any of the personal data from minors. If we learn that we have collected the personal data of a child under 16, or the equivalent minimum age depending on the jurisdiction, we will take steps to delete the data as soon as possible.


Security Measures.


We use reasonable security methods to prevent unauthorized access to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access to your data, and to correctly use the data we collect. For registered users, some of your information can be viewed and edited through your account, which is protected by a password.


It is important that you take precautions to protect against unauthorized access to your account credentials, and computer or other devices.


Contact Us.


If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement or its implementation, here is how you can reach us: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Was this page helpful? If no, refer to {removed href} FAQ.


