


Privacy Policy Tile {removed href} Limited Edition {removed href} Pro {removed href} Mate {removed href} Slim {removed href} Combo {removed href} Sticker {removed href} Premium {removed href} Premium Deals.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Account Overview.


{list item} {removed href} Billing Premium.


{list item} Log Out.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} AT.


{list item} {removed href} AU.


{list item} {removed href} BE.


{list item} {removed href} CA.


{list item} {removed href} CH.


{list item} {removed href} DE.


{list item} {removed href} DK.


{list item} {removed href} ES.


{list item} {removed href} EU.


{list item} {removed href} FI.


{list item} {removed href} FR.


{list item} {removed href} IE.


{list item} {removed href} IT.


{list item} {removed href} NL.


{list item} {removed href} NO.


{list item} {removed href} NZ.


{list item} {removed href} PL.


{list item} {removed href} PT.


{list item} {removed href} SE.


{list item} {removed href} UK.


{list item} {removed href} US.


Privacy Policy.


Effective Date: December 31, 2019.


Tile is designed to make life easier and less stressful. This policy describes what information we collect from you and how we use it to accomplish that mission.


We take your privacy as seriously as you do, and because of that we take great care to collect only the information necessary to provide you with the best possible Tile experience.


As you review our policy, keep in mind that it applies to Tile Inc. s (Tile, We, Us) website, mobile app, help center, and all other associated services that we provide (Services).


Table of Contents.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Information Tile Collects.


{list item} {removed href} Cookies and Other Web Technologies.


{list item} {removed href} Collection of Your Information by Third-Party Services.


{list item} {removed href} We Are Not Responsible for Content on Third Party Websites.


{list item} {removed href} We May Use and Disclose Your Information to Provide Improve and Promote Our Services.


{list item} {removed href} We May Use and Disclose Your Information for Our Protection and the Protection of Others.


{list item} {removed href} You May Access Modify and Rectify Your Information.


{list item} {removed href} Your Account May Deleted Upon Your Request.


{list item} {removed href} Communications and Opt-Out (Right to Object to Processing).


{list item} {removed href} Information Posted to Our Blog and Community Forum Are Public.


{list item} {removed href} International Transfer.


{list item} {removed href} Privacy Shield.


{list item} {removed href} We Take Security Seriously.


{list item} {removed href} You Are Responsible for Maintaining the Accuracy and Confidentiality of Your Email Address and Password.


{list item} {removed href} We Post Updates on Our Website Whenever This Policy Changes.


{list item} {removed href} Our Policy Toward Children.


{list item} {removed href} Contact Us if You Have Any Questions or Concerns.


{list item} {removed href} Right to Contact a Data Protection Authority.


{list item} Information Tile Collects.


The information Tile collects depends on what Tile services you use and how you use them. Please see below for more details. Note that failure to provide necessary information when requested may result in you not being able to fully utilise our Services.


{bullet list}.


{list item} Placing an order.


{bullet list}.


{list item} Contact Information.


When you place an order on our website, and otherwise when needed to respond to a specific request, youll need to provide an email address, a first and last name and/or a shipping address. In some cases, we may also require your phone number.


{list item} Payment Information.


In order to complete your order on our website, youll need to provide payment information, such as your credit card or PayPal account. This information is needed in order to process your order and is not stored on our servers.


{list item} Registering for the mobile app.


Youll need to use a valid email address and create a password to create an account for Services on the Tile app. You can choose whether or not youd like to provide your first and last name.


We do not identify you personally to other users or make your account information available to any third parties in any way that could identify you without your prior consent.


{list item} Connecting with Social Networks.


When you create a Tile account, you may choose to connect and interact with a third-party social networking service (Social Network). If you decide to interact with a Social Network when using our Services, we are permitted to collect information that you have already made public on your Social Network account. You can manage this information in the privacy settings of each Social Network.


{list item} Information from Your Use of the Services.


{bullet list}.


{list item} Tile ID, Name, and Photograph.


When you activate a Tile using the Tile app, that Tiles unique identifier (or Tile ID) will be associated with your account. If you choose to name your Tile or add a photo of it, this information will also be associated with your account.


{list item} Location Information.


Tile is designed to tell you where your items are. In order to do that, its necessary to collect data about your location. We use the term Location Information to refer to the combined location data of your phone or device, and your Tiles.


While the app is running on your device, it periodically transmits your Location Information. This allows us to show you, on your map, the last place your Tile was seen by your device (Last Place Seen). It is one of the primary ways Tile helps you find your lost items.


Tile normally only displays the latest Location Information update for each of your Tiles in your app, to provide the Last Place Seen. For Tile Premium users, Location Information for each Tile is displayed in your app for up to 30 days, to support the Location History feature. In both cases, Tile does this so you can find the most recent Location Information for your Tiles, in case you lose them.


Location Information is archived separately from your account data in a way that, alone, it is not associated with your account or registration data using a process called pseudonymization. Tile keeps this archival data so we can answer general questions unrelated to any person, such as How many Tiles were in London in 2016 versus 2017?


We may also collect and update Location Information for your Tile(s) from other Tile users who are running the Tile app or from other third parties that are using an app or device that has integrated the Tile functionality (each, a Tile Finder) within Bluetooth range of your device. We do this to provide you with the most recent and accurate location of your Tiles, even if they are out of your devices Bluetooth range. These updates are fundamental to the Tile Community, which allows Tile Finders to help each other find their lost Tiles. Likewise, your app may anonymously help other community members find their Tiles! The Location Information is reported to Tile owners anonymously and does not identify the owner of a Tile to others and vice versa.


If you use a computer, phone, or other device to visit our website or help center, we use the IP address of that computer or device to determine an approximate location. We do this so that we can provide you with a better, more personal customer service experience.


We use your Location Information to provide the Services and may use your Location Information to promote the Services or provide you with offers. However, your Location Information is never shared with other users unless you choose to share it through our Services.


{list item} Mobile And Windows Application Usage Information.


We collect information about how, and how often you use our Services, including on our mobile and windows applications. For those using our mobile application, we also collect certain information that your mobile device sends when you use them for Services. This includes information such as your devices model, operating system type and version, and the dates and times of your requests. We use this information to provide you with optimal services and support, and to collect statistics that help us understand our user base.


{list item} Information Collected Through Tiles Support Services.


We provide support services via live chat on our website, email request submissions, recorded outbound telephone calls and direct email. We collect any information you may choose to provide to our customer care team in the process. This includes, but is not limited to: your name, email address, phone number, and mailing address. We may use and process your information, including Location Information, to handle your support request and provide you with the best support possible. You may also choose to submit a diagnostic report to Tiles support team for troubleshooting purposes.


{list item} Human Resources Data.


Tile collects information from current, prospective, and former Employees, their contact points in case of a medical emergency, and beneficiaries under any insurance policy (Human Resources Data). The Human Resources Data we collect may include title, name, address, phone number, email address, date of birth, passport number, drivers license number, Social Security number or other government-issued identification number, financial information related to credit checks, bank details for payroll, information that may be recorded on a CV or application form, language abilities, contact information of third parties in case of an emergency and beneficiaries under any insurance policy. We may also collect Sensitive Human Resources Data such as details of health and disability, including mental health, medical leave, and maternity leave; information about national origin or immigration status; and optional demographic information such as race, which helps us achieve our diversity goals.


We acquire, hold, use and Process Human Resources Data for a variety of business purposes including: workflow management, including assigning, managing and administering projects; human Resources administration and communication; payroll and the provision of benefits; compensation, including bonuses and long-term incentive administration, stock plan administration, compensation analysis, including monitoring overtime and compliance with labor laws, and company recognition programs; job grading activities; performance and employee development management; organizational development and succession planning; benefits and personnel administration; absence management; helpdesk and IT support services; regulatory compliance; internal and/or external or governmental compliance investigations; internal or external audits; litigation evaluation, prosecution, and defense; diversity and inclusion initiatives; restructuring and relocation; emergency contacts and services; employee safety; compliance with statutory requirements; processing of employee expenses and travel charges; and acquisitions, divestitures, and integrations.


{list item} Information from Other Sources.


We may receive information about you from other sources, including through third-party services and organizations to supplement information provided by you. For example, if you access our Services through a third-party application, such as an App Store or Social Network, we may collect information about you from that third-party application that you have made public via your privacy settings. Information we collect through App Stores or Social Network accounts may include your name, your Social Network user identification number, your Social Network user name, location, gender, birth date, email, profile picture, and your contacts on the Social Network. This supplemental information allows us to verify information that you have provided to Tile and to enhance our ability to provide you with information about our business, products, and Services.


{list item} Cookies and Other Web Technologies.


{bullet list}.


{list item} Cookies.


Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computers hard drive or onto your mobile devices memory -- if your browser is set to accept cookies. Like many other online services, cookies and other tools like them help us collect and understand how you use our services.


Although most internet browsers automatically accept cookies, you can change your settings or use third-party tools to prompt you before accepting cookies from the websites you choose to visit, or to refuse cookies altogether. You can even delete them through your browser. Most browsers also have settings to prevent them from accepting new cookies, to notify you when you receive a new cookie, or to delete or disable cookies altogether. Some parts of our Services may not work for you if you disable cookies.


{list item} How We Use Cookies.


We use cookie technology in various ways to help make it easier for you to use our Services. For example, we use cookies to remember you when you return to our website, identify you when you sign-in, authenticate your access, keep track of your in-app specified preferences or choices, tailor content to you or geographic region, display a personalized browsing history, and/or to provide specific technical support.


We may also use cookies to gauge site usage, conduct research and diagnostics to improve the content we provide you, our products and services, and to help us analyze general web traffic.


The cookies we use expire after they have fulfilled their purpose. Some cookies expire when you close your browser (i. e., session cookies) or after a set period of time (i. e., persistent cookies). The expiration time of cookies that are placed by third parties (explained below) is determined by the third-party, not us.


{list item} Web Beacons.


Web beacons (also known as web bugs, pixel tags or clear GIFs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that may be included on our Services for several purposes, including to deliver or communicate with cookies, to track and measure the performance of our Services, to monitor how many visitors view our Services, and to monitor the effectiveness of our advertising. Unlike cookies, which are stored on the users hard drive, web beacons are typically embedded invisibly on web pages (or in an e-mail).


{list item} Do Not Track.


While our website and the Tile app at this time do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, such as do not track instructions, you can generally express your privacy preferences regarding the use of most cookies and similar technologies through your web browser, as indicated above.


{list item} Collection of Your Information by Third-Party Services.


Sometimes Tile uses third-party service providers. These third-party service providers may place cookies on your computers hard drive or your mobile devices memory or use web beacons to collect or receive information from the Services and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide analytics and to target ads on Tiles behalf.


{bullet list}.


{list item} Web Analysis Services.


We may use third-party web analysis services which use cookies or other web technologies to collect usage information, matched to an IP address, to help us analyze how our users use our website and some portions of the Tile app. We collect this information in order to improve overall experience of our Services for our users.


We utilize Google Analytics, a service provided by Google, Inc. to gather information about how users and visitors engage with our Site and Services. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit {removed href} {removed hyperref}/. You can choose not to be included in Google Analytics at {removed href} {removed hyperref}? hlen.


These outside services may also collect information about your use of other websites over time. Since we do not link any information that you provide to us within the app to the information we store within the third-party analytics software, this additional information is stored in a way that does not directly identify you.


{list item} Social Plugins and Social Widgets.


We may use social plugins, widgets and other features (each, a Social Feature) that are made available by and/or access third-party Social Networks. These Social Features allow these Social Networks to place cookies on your browser and to collect certain information, which may be associated with your name and personal Social Network account.


These Social Features are operated solely by the respective Social Networks, and their service providers, and we recommend that you carefully read their privacy policies before you decide to use them. We have no control over or access to the information collected, stored or used by such Social Networks, and the information practices of such Social Networks are not covered by this Privacy Policy.


If you do not wish to associate any information collected via the plugins, widgets and/or other features with your personal Social Network account information, you should refrain from using these Social Features and logout from your Social Network account before visiting our Services.


{list item} Third-Party Payment Processing.


When you purchase a Tile, we process your payments through a third-party application, including the Apple App Store, Google Play App Store, Amazon App Store (together with any similar applications, App Stores) and Social Networks such as Facebook. The third-party application may collect certain financial information from you to process a payment on behalf of Tile, including your name, email address, address and other billing information.


{list item} We Are Not Responsible for Content on Third Party Websites.


Our Services may contain links to websites and services that are owned or operated by third parties (each, a Third-party Service). Any information that you provide on or to a Third-party Service, or that is collected by a Third-party Service, is provided directly to the owner or operator of the Third-party Service and is subject to the owners or operators privacy policy. Were not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of any Third-party Service. To protect your information we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of all Third-party Services that you access.


{list item} We May Use and Disclose Your Information to Provide, Improve, and Promote Our Services.


{bullet list}.


{list item} How We Use Your Information (PI).


We may use your information to provide you with a better service, improve the quality of our products and Services, and promote our Services. We use and process your information, including Location Information, to create anonymous, statistical and aggregated data reports where individual users are not identified. The specific purposes for our acquisition, hold, use, and processing of your information include:


{bullet list}.


{list item} To Provide Products, Services, or Information Requested.


Tile may use information about you to fulfill requests for products, Services, or information, including information about potential or future Services, including to: generally manage individual information and accounts; respond to questions, comments, and other requests; provide access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of Tiles Services, including personalization; and contact you to answer requests for customer support or technical support.


{list item} Administrative Purposes.


Tile may use information about you for its administrative purposes, including to: measure interest in Tiles Services; develop new products and Services; ensure internal quality control and optimize your experience; verify individual identity; communicate about individual accounts and activities on Tiles Services and systems, and, in Tiles discretion, changes to any Tile policy; send email to the email address you provide to us to verify your Account and for informational, transactional and operational purposes, such as Account management, customer service, or system maintenance; process payment for products or services purchased; process applications and transactions; prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities; and enforce our Terms.


{list item} Marketing Tile Products and Services.


Tile may use information to provide you with materials about offers, products, and Services that may be of interest, including new content or Services. Tile may provide you with these materials by phone, postal mail, facsimile, or email, as permitted by applicable law. Such uses include: to tailor content, advertisements, and offers; to notify you about offers, products, and services that may be of interest to you; to provide Services to you; for other purposes disclosed at the time that individuals provide information; or otherwise with your consent.


You may contact us at any time to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes, as described in Section 9 below.


{list item} Research and Development.


Tile may use information to create non-directly identifiable information that we may use alone or in the aggregate with information obtained from other sources as set forth herein, in order to help us to optimally deliver our existing products and Services or develop new products and Services. For instance, from time to time, Tile may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage third-party service providers to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Services, various types of communications, advertising campaigns, and/or promotional activities. If an individual participates in a survey, the information given will be used along with that of other study participants. We may share anonymous individual and aggregate data for research and analysis purposes.


{list item} Direct Marketing.


Individuals who provide us with personal information may receive periodic emails, newsletters, mailings, or phone calls from us, as allowed by applicable law, with information on Tiles or our business partners products and services or upcoming special offers/events we believe may be of interest. We offer the option to decline these communications at no cost to the individual by following the instructions further below.


{list item} Australian Users.


In Australia, we will only use and disclose your personal information for the purposes of marketing Tile Products and Services or services of third party organizations where you have consented to us doing so, or as otherwise permitted by law.


{list item} Services via Mobile Devices.


From time to time, Tile may provide Services that are specifically designed to be compatible and used on mobile devices. Tile will collect certain information that your mobile device sends when you use such Services, like a device identifier, user settings, Location Information, mobile carrier, and the operating system of your device. Mobile versions of Tiles Services may require that users log in with an Account. In such cases, information about use of mobile versions of the Services may be associated with accounts. In addition, Tile may enable individuals to download an application, widget, or other tool that can be used on mobile or other computing devices. Some of these tools may store information on mobile or other devices. These tools may transmit information to Tile to enable individuals to access accounts and to enable Tile to track use of these tools. Some of these tools may enable users to email reports and other information from the tool. Tile may use personal or non-identifiable information transmitted to Tile to enhance these tools, to develop new tools, for quality improvement and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or in other notices Tile provides.


{list item} Anonymous and Aggregated Information Use.


Tile may use information about you to create anonymized and aggregated information. Anonymized and aggregated information is used for a variety of functions, including the measurement of visitors interest in and use of various portions or features of the Services. Tile may use such anonymized or aggregated information in a number of ways, including research, internal analysis, analytics, and any other legally permissible purposes. We may share this information within Tile and with third parties for our or their purposes in an anonymized or aggregated form that is designed to prevent anyone from identifying you.


{list item} Sharing Content with Friends or Colleagues.


Tiles Services may offer various tools and functionalities. For example, Tile allows you to provide information about your friends through our referral services, such as Refer a Friend. Our referral services may allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use our Services. Email addresses that you may provide for a friend or colleague will be used to send your friend or colleague the content or link you request, but will not be collected or otherwise used by Tile or any other third parties for any other purpose. You agree that you have that persons permission to provide us with that information and for us to use it for this limited purpose.


{list item} Other Uses.


Tile may use information for which we have a legitimate interest, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, anti-fraud protection, ensuring the integrity and security of our services and systems, or any other purpose disclosed to you at the time you provide information or with your consent.


{list item} How We Disclose Your Information to Third Party Service Providers.


Tile uses third-parties, including service providers and software solutions, including web hosting and other cloud based services, to provide you with the best possible experience. We may share your information with our third-party service providers or affiliates (e. g. cloud-based and hosting services, partners, technical service providers, consultants, mail carriers, communication agencies and customer support providers) in order to provide, improve, and promote the Services on our behalf.


For example, we may disclose information to our service providers in order to enable them to communicate with you on our behalf. We may also disclose information to platform providers, such as Facebook, in order to permit such providers to serve ads and promote the Services on our behalf on such platforms. To the extent possible, your personal information will be stored in hashed or obfuscated form.


The Services may also enable you to share your information with our third-party partners (Partners) in connection with the products and services offered by such Partners, with your permission. Any information shared with a Partner will be subject to the Partners then-applicable privacy policy. Were not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of any Partner. To protect your information we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of all Partners before sharing any information.


We will not share your personal information with independent third parties other than in the circumstances discussed above without your consent.


{list item} How We Use De-Identified Information.


We may share with third parties, including advertisers and service providers, anonymized, aggregated data we collect about you and other users, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified Location Information, and information about the computer or device from which you access the Services, or the results of hashing your email address.


{list item} Data Retention.


Tile retains the information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.


{list item} Privacy Shield.


With respect to onward transfers to agents under Privacy Shield, Privacy Shield (as may other applicable laws) requires that Tile remain liable should its agents process information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles.


{list item} We May Use and Disclose Your Information for Our Protection and the Protection of Others.


{bullet list}.


{list item} How We Use Your Information.


We may use and process your information including Location Information to prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity theft, and other illegal activities and misuse of our Services.


{list item} How We Disclose Your Information.


Like other companies, we may disclose your information to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe is necessary to (i) comply with a law, regulation, or legal request; (ii) protect the safety of any person; (iii) address potential violations of our Privacy Policy or terms of service; (iv) investigate fraud, security, or technical issues; or (v) protect Tiles rights or property, our employees, users and the public.


In addition, if we are acquired by a third-party as a result of a transaction such as a merger, acquisition or asset sale or if our assets are acquired by a third-party, in the event we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, some or all of our assets - including any information collected from or about you - may be disclosed or transferred to a third-party acquirer in connection with the transaction.


{list item} You May Access, Modify, and Rectify Your Information.


You can access and modify your contact information, such as your name, email address or phone number, within the Services, or by contacting us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. Where otherwise permitted by applicable law, you may send an e-mail or use any of the methods set out in this Privacy Policy to request to know the categories of information we collect or disclose about you, the categories of sources of such information, the business or commercial purpose for collecting your information and the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information. All of this information is also set forth in this Privacy Policy.


You may also request that we provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you, seek rectification, or request erasure of certain personal information held about you by Tile.


Please include your full name, email address associated with your Account, and a detailed description of your data request. Such requests will be processed in line with local laws. Under Privacy Shield or other applicable laws, you may also inquire as to whether Tile is processing personal information about you, request access to personal information, and ask that we correct, amend or delete it where it is inaccurate or has been Processed in violation of the Privacy Shield Principles.


Although Tile makes good faith efforts to provide individuals with access to their personal information, there may be circumstances in which Tile is unable to provide access and is not legally obligated to do so, including (depending on applicable law) but not limited to: where the information contains legal privilege, would compromise others privacy or other legitimate rights, where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individuals privacy in the case in question or where it is commercially proprietary. To protect your privacy, Tile will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your personal information.


{list item} Your Account May Be Deleted Upon Your Request.


If you want us to delete your account, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} with your request. Well take steps to delete your requested personal information as soon as we can, but some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required or permitted by law.


Please note, however, that if you delete your account or other personal information, the Location Information associated with any active Tile(s) may still be collected anonymously from other Tile users who are running the app within Bluetooth range of your device. However, any new Location Information that is collected will no longer be associated with your account. You may dispose of your Tiles at a local e-waste facility or contact customer care at {removed href} {removed hyperref} for more information.


{list item} Communications and Opt-Out (Right to Object to Processing).


{bullet list}.


{list item} Communications.


We may periodically send you promotional newsletters and emails. You have the opportunity to opt-out of these by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the emails you receive. Certain communications, like billing information and Service updates are necessary for you to receive, so you will not be able to opt out of those communications.


{list item} Opt-Out.


{bullet list}.


{list item} General.


You have the right to object to and opt out of certain uses of your information. Where you have consented to Tiles Processing of your information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and opt out of certain Processing activities, such as targeted marketing communications, by contacting {removed href} {removed hyperref}. Even if you opt out, we may still collect and use information regarding your activities on our Sites and/or information from the advertisements on third-party websites for non-interest based advertising purposes, such as to determine the effectiveness of the advertisements.


{list item} Email and Telephone Communications.


If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails. We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt and within timeframes required by law. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or services you have requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding Tile and our Services and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e. g., communications regarding updates to our Terms or this Privacy Policy).


We maintain telephone do-not-call and do-not-mail lists as mandated by law. We process requests to be placed on do-not-mail, do-not-phone and do-not-contact lists within 60 days after receipt, or such shorter time as may be required by law.


{list item} Mobile devices.


Tile may occasionally send you push notifications through our mobile applications with notices that may be of interest to you. You may at any time opt out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device. Tile may also collect location-based information if you use our mobile applications. You may opt out of this collection by changing the settings on your mobile device.


{list item} Human Resources Data.


With regard to information that Tile receives in connection with the employment relationship, Tile will use such information only for employment-related purposes as more fully described above. If Tile intends to use this information for any other purpose, Tile will notify the individual and provide an opportunity to opt out of such uses.


{list item} Do Not Track.


Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.


{list item} vi. Analytics.


You can also choose not to be included in Google Analytics at {removed href} {removed hyperref}? hlen. This opt-out must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out.


{list item} Information Posted to Our Blog and Community Forum Are Public.


If you choose to submit your Tile success story or comment on our blog (Feedback), you should know that any information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of those blogs, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages.


We are not responsible for the information you choose to provide in your Feedback or for any content or communications you receive as a result of sharing such information.


To request removal of your information from our blog or Tile success story, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{list item} International Transfer.


You agree that all information collected via or by Tile may be transferred, Processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States, the European Union, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates or the servers of our service providers. Your information may be accessible to law enforcement or other authorities pursuant to a lawful request. By providing information to Tile, you explicitly consent to the storage of your information in these locations.


i. Australian Users.


Except in some cases where we may rely on an exception under the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), we will take reasonable steps to ensure that such overseas recipients do not breach the Australian Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) in relation to such information.


{list item} Privacy Shield.


Tile complies with the requirements of the EU-U. S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U. S. Privacy Shield Framework (collectively Privacy Shield), as set forth by the U. S. Department of Commerce and the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area and Switzerland to the United States. Tile has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles and Supplemental Principles. To the extent that the Privacy Shield applies to your information, if there is any conflict between the terms in this Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view Tiles certification, please visit {removed hyperref}. Additionally, Tile may protect information through other legally valid methods, including international data transfer agreements.


Privacy Shield means the seven (7) principles of the Privacy Shield Framework:


{bullet list}.


{list item} notice,


{list item} choice,


{list item} accountability for onward transfer,


{list item} security,


{list item} data integrity and purpose limitation,


{list item} access, and.


{list item} recourse, enforcement, and liability.


Additionally, it includes the sixteen (16) supplemental principles described in the Privacy Shield:


{bullet list}.


{list item} sensitive data,


{list item} journalistic exceptions,


{list item} secondary liability,


{list item} performing due diligence and conducting audits,


{list item} the role of the data protection authorities,


{list item} self-certification,


{list item} verification.


{list item} access,


{list item} human resources data,


{list item} obligatory contracts for onward transfers,


{list item} dispute resolution and enforcement,


{list item} choice timing of opt-out,


{list item} travel information,


{list item} pharmaceutical and medical products,


{list item} public record and publicly available information, and.


{list item} access requests by public authorities.


A. Accountability for EU or Swiss Citizens.


If you are an EU or Swiss citizen and feel that Tile is not abiding by the terms of this Policy, or is not in compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, please contact Tile at the contact information provided below.


In addition, Tile has agreed to refer unresolved complaints related to personal information to JAMS Privacy Shield Dispute Resolution Program and, with respect to employee and human resources data, has committed to cooperate with the panel established by local data protection authorities and comply with the advice given by the panel for EU citizens and with the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioners authority and advice for such data of Swiss citizens. For more information and to submit a complaint regarding individual data to JAMS, a dispute resolution provider which has locations in the United States and EU, visit {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Such independent dispute resolution mechanisms are available to citizens free of charge. If any request remains unresolved, you may contact the national data protection authority for your EU Member State.


You may also have a right, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration under Privacy Shield; for additional information, see {removed href} {removed hyperref}? idANNEX-I-introduction. The FTC has jurisdiction over Tiles compliance with the Privacy Shield.


{list item} We Take Security Seriously.


We implement various systems, applications and procedures to secure your personal information, in order to reduce the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access, disclosure, modification or use of information. Please be aware, however, that these measures cannot absolutely guarantee the security of your Personal Information. Therefore, although we take great efforts to protect yourpersonal information, we cannot guarantee and you cannot reasonably expect that our databases will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.


{bullet list}.


{list item} California Privacy Rights.


{bullet list}.


{list item} Shine the Light.


California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those parties. However, Tile does not share personal information with third parties for their own marketing purposes without your prior consent.


{list item} California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).


California residents can make certain requests about their personal information under the CCPA. Specifically, if you are a California resident, you may request that we:


{number list}.


{list item} provide you with information about: the categories of personal information we collect, disclose or sell about you; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information. Such information is also set forth in this Privacy Policy.


{list item} provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you;


{list item} delete certain information we have about you; and/or.


{list item} provide you with information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any.


Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services. We may need certain information in order to provide the Services to you; if you ask us to delete it, you will no longer be able to use the Services.


The CCPA further provides you with the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising your rights under the CCPA.


The CCPA also sets forth certain obligations for businesses that sell personal information. We do not engage in such activity based on our understanding of the definition of sale under the CCPA and current guidance, and have not engaged in such activity in the past twelve months. We do share information as outlined in this Policy, including with other businesses through the use of website cookies, pixels, or other technologies in order to provide services including analytics and advertising and marketing our services on other sites or apps. You can control certain of these cookies through browser settings and other controls and as outlined in this Policy.


If you would like information regarding your rights under applicable law or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} or via other means listed on {removed href} {removed hyperref}. To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps such as verifying your email address and specific information to verify your identity and request.


{list item} Australian Users.


Except to the extent liability cannot be excluded due to the operation of statute, we exclude all liability (including in negligence) for the consequences of any unauthorised access to, disclosure of, misuse of or loss or corruption of your personal information. Nothing in this Privacy Policy restricts, excludes or modifies or purports to restrict, exclude or modify any statutory consumer rights under any applicable law including the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth).


{list item} You Are Responsible for Maintaining the Accuracy and Confidentiality of Your Email Address and Password.


You are responsible for keeping the secrecy of your password at all times. We recommend using a strong password that you do not share with other services.


If you believe the security of your account has been compromised, please change your password immediately via the Tile website or through your Tile app. You can also contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} for assistance.


You are responsible for ensuring the email address associated with your account is accurate. We use that email to contact you about service updates, changes to our policies, and account activities such as requests for your information or locate attempts on your device. Tile is not responsible for information or data transmitted to a third party as a result of a user providing an incorrect email address.


{list item} We Post Updates on Our Website Whenever This Policy Changes.


We may update this policy from time to time, so please review it frequently. Well notify you of material changes via a notice on our home page ({removed hyperref}) thirty days before they go into effect. If we are required by applicable data protection laws to give you enhanced notice or seek out consent to any such changes, we will do so. Otherwise, changes to this policy will be effective twenty days after their initial posting. We will make any immediate changes in order to comply with legal requirements.


If you object to any of the changes to this Privacy Policy, you must cease using our Services and may request us to erase your personal information. Any information that is collected via our Services is covered by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.


{list item} Our Policy Toward Children.


Our Services are not directed to children under 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child under 13, we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.


{list item} Contact Us if You Have Any Questions or Concerns.


If you have questions about our privacy practices, this Privacy Policy, or how to lodge a complaint with the appropriate authority, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} or by postal mail:


United States: Tile, Inc., 1900 S Norfolk St Suite 310, San Mateo, CA 94403.


United Kingdom: Tile Europe, Ltd., 11th Floor, Whitefriars, Lewins Mead, Bristol, BS1 2NT.


{list item} Right to Contact a Data Protection Authority.


If you have a concern about how we collect and use information, please contact us as noted above. You also have the right to contact your local Data Protection Authority if you prefer. Contact details for Data Protection Authorities in the EU are available at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. htm {removed href}.


{removed href}.


{removed href} Previous {removed href} Privacy Policy.


Privacy Preference Center.


When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. {removed href} Cookie Policy Continue.


Manage Consent Preferences.


These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.


{number list}.


{list item} Functional Cookies Required Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.


{number list}.


{list item} Targeting Cookies Required Cookies Tile does not serve third party ads on its sites or services - targeted or otherwise. We do use cookies to help provide you with information and advertising about our products that we think will be useful to you. By using the toggles below, you may opt-out of Tiles cookie based marketing efforts. These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.


{number list}.


{list item} Performance Cookies Required Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.


Confirm.


{number list}.


{list item}.


{number list}.


{list item} Namecookie nameHostcookie hostDurationcookie durationTypecookie typeCategorycookie categoryDescriptioncookie category.


{list item}.


Consent Purposes.


Location Based Ads.


Consent Allowed.


Legitimate Interest Purposes.


Personalize.


{removed href} Require Opt-Out.


Special Purposes.


Location Based Ads.


Features.


Location Based Ads.


Special Features.


Location Based Ads.


Confirm.


