


Privacy Statement.


Sharp NEC Display Solutions Europe GmbH places great value on the protection of personal data. The aim of this privacy statement is to inform you about the data collected when you visit our website, the legal grounds for our data processing and the rights you may have.


{bullet list}.


{list item}.


Controller.


The controller, as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter referred to as the GDPR), is Sharp NEC Display Solutions Europe GmbH, Landshuter Allee 12-14, 80637 Munich, Germany (hereinafter referred to as we or us or Sharp/NEC).


{list item}.


What is personal data?


Personal data is any information that can be uniquely associated with you. This may include your name, address, date of birth, email address and phone number. By contrast, non-personal data is any general information that cannot be used to reveal your identity. This includes statistical information, such as the number of website users.


{list item}.


How do we process personal data?


In this section, we will explain the purposes for which we process personal data and the legal grounds for our data processing. This always depends on the context of processing, as indicated in the headings below.


{bullet list}.


{list item} Provision of the website and log files.


As a technical requirement whenever you visit our website, the web server will record your IP address, the date and time of your visit, the pages you visit on our website, the website you visited beforehand, your current browser (e. g. Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome), your current operating system (e. g. Windows 10), and the domain name and address of your Internet provider (e. g. Deutsche Telekom). This information will be used to execute and facilitate the transmission of the web pages you request. We use technically necessary cookies to enable the basic functions of our website. More detailed information is provided in Section 4. 1. In case of abuse of our systems, the information recorded by the web server can be processed in collaboration with your Internet provider and/or local authorities to determine the abuser. The legal basis for such processing is our legitimate interest in securing the transmission of data and ensuring the integrity of our website and systems (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR). We assume our users have the same interests, as this is the only way to visit our website and ensure its functionality. The data in question will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required for the purpose for which it was collected. The data processed to facilitate access to our website is generally deleted at the end of each session. In addition, data may be stored in log files to ensure the security of our website. This data is routinely deleted after 8 weeks at latest.


{list item} Contacting us.


Your personal data may also be processed if you provide it yourself. This will be the case, for example, if you send us an email or use one of our contact forms to request more information about our products and services. In such cases, we will store the personal data that you provide in your enquiry. The legal basis for the processing of data sent as part of an enquiry is our legitimate interest as the controller (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR). If you contact us to conclude or perform a contract, the additional legal basis for processing will be Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR (performance of a contract). Any data you provide will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected. In the case of enquiries, this will generally be the case when the matter has been definitively clarified and the conversation has ended.


{list item} Registering for our services.


Your personal data may also be processed if you register for a service via one of our forms. This will be the case, for example, if you download a white paper, order a demo unit or request a repair. In such cases, we will store the personal data provided in your enquiry. The legal basis for the processing of data received during registration is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR (conclusion or performance of a contract). Any data you provide will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected, provided we are not obliged to continue storing the data in accordance with statutory retention obligations.


{list item} SolutionsPlus partner portal.


We offer our business partners the opportunity to register on our Sharp/NEC SolutionsPlus partner portal by providing personal data. The data is entered in an input mask, transferred to us and stored. The purpose of registration and log-in is to provide a portal for our business partners. The legal basis for the processing of the data is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR, as the registration and log-in area is necessary to perform a contract or pre-contractual measures. The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected. The data collected during the registration process will be deleted as soon as it is no longer needed for the performance of a contract or pre-contractual measures. We may still have to store our contractual partners personal data after concluding a contract, in order to fulfil contractual or legal obligations (e. g. retention obligations stipulated by tax law).


{list item} Newsletter.


SUBSCRIBING TO OUR NEWSLETTER If you subscribe to our newsletter, we will send you information about new products and technologies, as well as promotions related to display solutions. We will also send you email invitations to events that we are hosting or attending, and we will contact you on special occasions. The data you enter in the input mask when subscribing to our newsletter will be sent to us. We use the so-called double opt-in process for subscriptions to our newsletter. In other words, once you have provided your email address, we will send you an email to confirm whether you would like to receive the newsletter. We will only start sending you newsletters once you have clicked on the confirmation link. If you do not confirm your subscription within 96 hours, it will be automatically deleted. The legal basis for the processing of data sent in course of newsletter subscriptions is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR. Any data you provide will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected. Thus, your email address will only be stored for as long as your newsletter subscription is active. You have the right to revoke your consent at any time by contacting Sharp NEC Display Solutions Europe GmbH via email ({removed hyperref}) or in writing at the address indicated above. You can revoke your consent to email advertising by clicking on the unsubscribe link contained in every email. If you revoke your consent, this will not affect the legality of any data processing carried out on the basis of your consent before the date of revocation. NEWSLETTER TRACKING Our newsletters feature standard technologies that enable us to measure interactions (e. g. whether the newsletter has been opened, which links have been clicked on) and to display targeted news based on your user behaviour. If you visit our website after selecting a newsletter link, we will merge any subsequently obtained data with the information on your user behaviour. We will use the data collected to conduct general statistical evaluations, to optimise and develop our content and customer communication, and to display targeted and personalised advertising. This process is facilitated by embedding cookies and small graphics (pixels) in the newsletter. Cookies are small files that are saved on your disk; they store certain settings and data to be exchanged with our system via your browser. Cookies cannot run any programmes or transmit viruses to your computer. They help to improve the overall user-friendliness and efficiency of our website. We want to use our newsletter to share relevant content with our customers and gain a better understanding of our readers interests. We perform our newsletter tracking with IBM Watson Campaign Automation, a service provided by IBM, International Business Machines Corp., New Orchard Road Armonk, New York 10504, USA (IBM). Of course, this is only possible if you have previously consented to receiving our personalised newsletter (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR). You can disable the placement of cookies by clicking on the following links. Please note that this setting must be configured separately for every browser you use.


{number list}.


{list item} Firefox: {removed href} Allow and block cookies.


Recommendation: Accept cookies and only keep them until Firefox is closed.


{list item} Internet Explorer: {removed href} How to manage cookies in Internet Explorer 9.


Recommendation: Follow the steps explained under block or allow cookies and set the privacy slider to high.


{list item} Chrome: {removed href} Manage cookies and website data.


Recommendation: Select the option keep local data only until you quit your browser.


{list item} Opera: {removed href} Cookie settings.


Recommendation: Select the option delete new cookies when exiting Opera.


{list item} Safari: {removed href} Manage cookies.


If you do not want your user behaviour to be analysed in the newsletter, you can unsubscribe as mentioned above, or you can disable graphics by default in your email programme.


{list item} Integration of web fonts.


We ensure the uniform display of fonts by using those provided by Monotype GmbH. Whenever you open a page, your browser will load the required web fonts in its own cache to correctly display texts and fonts. For this purpose, your browser must connect to the Monotype servers. Monotype will then be informed that our website has been accessed from your IP address. The integration of web fonts is necessary to ensure the user-friendly design and uniform presentation of our website. This reflects our legitimate interest in accordance with Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. You can find more information about Monotype web fonts at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{list item} Integration of videos.


INTEGRATION OF YOUTUBE VIDEOS Our website features various linked videos from YouTube, a site operated by Google. We have embedded YouTube videos in an extended data protection mode to protect our users. This will stop cookies from being placed on your device whenever you load our web pages with embedded videos. Furthermore, a connection to the YouTube servers will only be established if you actively click on a linked video. The actual YouTube video will only be loaded and data transferred to Google when you actively click on it. INTEGRATION OF VIMEO VIDEOS Our website features various linked videos from Vimeo, a platform operated by Vimeo Inc., 555 West 18th Street, 2nd Floor., New York, NY 10011, USA. A connection to the Vimeo servers will only be established if you actively click on a linked video. The actual Vimeo video will only be loaded and data transferred to Vimeo when you actively click on it.


{list item} Use of a content delivery network.


We use a content delivery network (CDN) provided by jsDelivr. A CDN is a network of regionally distributed servers connected via the Internet, which can be used to speed up the delivery of large media files (e. g. graphics or scripts). For this purpose, your browser must connect to the jsDelivr servers. The provider will then be informed that our website has been accessed from your IP address. The use of the CDN is necessary to ensure the fast and efficient provision of our website. This reflects our legitimate interest in accordance with pointArt. 6 (1) (f) GDPR You can find more information about jsDelivr at: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{list item} Use of the share function.


Some sub-pages of our website contain a function that enables users to share information about our products and services on social networks (Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter). A connection to the respective social network will only be established when the user clicks on one of the links and is redirected to the chosen platform. Only the URL of the respective website will be transferred. The respective platform will then be responsible for any further data processing.


{list item}.


Cookies, Web Beacons.


We use cookies or web beacons to enable the basic functions of our website, allowing us to analyse and regularly improve our website. Web beacons are small graphics that allow log files to be recorded and analysed for statistical and marketing purposes. Cookies are small text files that are saved on your hard drive according to your current browser, allowing certain information to be obtained by the entity that places the cookie. Cookies cannot run any programmes or transmit viruses to your computer. They help to improve the overall user-friendliness and efficiency of our website. Providers of the technically not necessary cookies and plug-ins are partly based in the USA or involving US-american sub-service providers. The USA is, according to EU Regulation 2016/679 a country that does not provide adequate protection for personal data; this means, among other things, that government authorities in the USA may have the possibility of gaining access to your data without effective remedial action being taken. This may pose a risk to your rights and freedoms. With your consent, you also consent to the transfer to a third country.


{bullet list}.


{list item} Necessary cookies.


Necessary cookies improve the usability of a website by enabling basic functions, such as page navigation and access to secure areas. The website would not function properly without such cookies.


We use the following necessary cookies: Name Purpose Data Type Expiry JSESSIONID (Undertow) session clustering Functional unique session id Unlimited / session (1 hour) {removed hyperref} (Hazelcast) session clustering Functional unique session id Unlimited / session (1 hour) route (Nginx) sticky session Functional unique session id Unlimited / session (1 hour) {removed hyperref} (Crowd) SS token for SSP log-in Functional unique session id Unlimited / session (1 hour) {removed hyperref} (NEC Web) remember me Functional Mongo db id 6 months.


{list item} Use of the metalyzer tracking and reporting tool.


Our website uses metalyzer, a tracking and reporting tool provided by metapeople GmbH, Philosophenweg 21, 47051 Duisburg, Germany (metapeople). This allows us to measure and deliver online marketing campaigns. The legal basis for the processing of your personal data is your consent given in the cookie banner Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR). We use pixel technologies and the following cookies: Name Purpose Expiry cookiecheck Analysis 1 week sessioncheck Analysis Unlimited / session metaxxx Analysis 1 month metaxxxs Analysis Unlimited / session (1 hour) mluid Analysis 2 weeks mlvxxx Analysis Unlimited / session (1 hour) When displaying advertising and evaluating click behaviour and conversion rates, information on the use of this website is collected and stored, including the campaign, provider, conversion, partner, order and product ID; the date and time of the server request; the referrer URL; the user agent; the anonymised IP address; geodata; MLIDs (cookies); the timestamp of the touchpoint; and the currency. You can adjust your browser settings to prevent the installation of cookies. If you do this, however, please note that you may not be able to fully use all the features of this website. As an alternative to adjusting your browser settings, especially on mobile devices, you can also prevent metalyzer from collecting data by clicking on this link ({removed href} {removed hyperref}/). This will install an opt-out cookie to prevent your data from being collected when you visit our website in the future. The opt-out cookie will be saved on your device, and it will only work in that specific browser and on our website. If you delete your cookies in that browser, you will have to reinstall the opt-out cookie. More information on data protection in connection with metalyzer can be found in the metapeople privacy policy ({removed href} {removed hyperref}/).


{list item} Use of the Matomo web analytics service (formerly Piwik).


We use the Matomo web analytics service (formerly Piwik) to analyse our users surfing patterns. The following cookies will be saved on your computer: Name Purpose Expiry pkid Analysis 13 months pkref Analysis 6 months pkses Analysis 30 minutes pkcvar Analysis 30 minutes pkhsr Analysis 30 minutes The statistics we obtain will allow us to improve our service and make it more interesting for our users. The software runs exclusively on our companys own servers. The personal data of our users is only stored there. The data is not disclosed to third parties.


We use Matomo with the extension Automatically Anonymize Visitor IPs. This means full IP addresses are not saved, as 2 bytes are masked (e. g. {removed hyperref}). This prevents the truncated IP address from being matched to the users computer. The legal basis for the processing of your personal data is your consent given in the cookie banner Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR). The processing of personal data using Matomo enables us to analyse our users surfing patterns. By evaluating the data obtained, we are able to compile information about the use of individual components on our website. This helps us to continually improve our website and its user-friendliness. For these reasons, we have a legitimate interest in the processing of the data in accordance with Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. By anonymising IP addresses and hosting the data on our own servers, we also pay sufficient attention to our users interests in the protection of their personal data. The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required for our recording purposes. This is the case after 3 months. We allow our users to opt out of the analytics process on our website. You can opt out by clicking on the link below. This will place another cookie on your computer, which will instruct our system not to save your data. If you ever delete this cookie from your system, you will have to reset the opt-out cookie. More detailed information about the privacy settings of Matomo Software can be found here: {removed href} {removed hyperref}/.


{list item}.


Lifecycle management.


At Sharp/NEC, we receive tickets from our service partners for the processing of service requests. These contain the users first name, last name and contact details, the product name and a description of the issue. The legal basis for this processing by Sharp/NEC is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR (performance of a contract). The service partner will also transfer your personal data to Sharp/NEC on the basis of point Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR. Your service request may also be processed to honour your warranty claims. In such cases, the legal basis for the processing will be point Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR (legal obligation). Your service request will be processed internally by your contact. Your data will be stored for a period determined by the retention requirements of tax or commercial law.


{list item}.


Disclosure of personal data.


We will not disclose your personal data to third parties, unless this is necessary to handle your request, or unless this is permitted by the relevant statutory provisions (e. g. for the purposes of legal defence), or unless you have given your consent. Any personal data collected through enquiries or contact forms will remain with internal recipients in the responsible departments. Further internal processing may be necessary to handle your request. In order to provide our website, we are supported by the external service providers indicated above, who only ever process personal data on our behalf and according to our instructions. We have commissioned Rockenstein AG (Ohmstrae 12, D-97076 Wrzburg) to host our website and provide technical support. Those who process data on our behalf are bound by contracts required under data protection law, which particularly ensure that they maintain confidentiality, strictly follow our instructions and take appropriate technical and organisational measures for the protection of personal data. If these service providers are based outside the European Union or the European Economic Area (EEA), we ensure they are located in a third country where an adequate level of data protection has been established by the EU Commission (e. g. Switzerland), or we establish an adequate level of data protection by using standard contractual clauses. In the case of service providers based in the USA, it may suffice for them to be certified according to the EU-US Privacy Shield.


{list item}.


Retention of data.


We will only store your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it is processed. If we can already provide more precise information about the amount of time for which your data will be stored or the criteria used to determine this period, this information will have already been specifically indicated in this privacy statement. Your personal data may be stored for a longer period if this is necessary to comply with a legal obligation under the laws of the European Union or an EU Member State (e. g. any retention requirements stipulated in tax or commercial law), or if this is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. Your personal data will be deleted at the end of any such retention periods.


{list item}.


Your rights.


Depending on the circumstances of each specific case, you may have the following rights under the GDPR:


{number list}.


{list item} The right of access: You may request access to your personal data and/or copies of such data. This includes access to information on the purposes of processing, the categories of personal data concerned, the recipients and authorised users and, if possible, the envisaged period for which the data will be stored or, if this is not possible, the criteria used to determine that period. This right of access does not apply to any data which cannot be deleted merely on the basis of statutory or corporate retention requirements, or which exclusively serves the purpose of data back-ups or privacy monitoring.


{list item} The right to rectification, erasure or the restriction of processing: You may request the rectification or erasure of your personal data or the restriction of data processing if the use of such data violates data protection law, particularly if (i) the data is incomplete or incorrect; (ii) it is no longer required for the purposes for which it was collected; (iii) you have revoked your consent to processing; or (iv) you have successfully exercised your right to object to data processing; if your data is being processed by third parties, we will forward your request for rectification, erasure or the restriction of processing to such third parties, unless this proves impossible or unreasonably difficult.


{list item} The right to revoke your consent: If the processing of your personal data requires your consent, you may always refuse to give your consent or revoke it at any time; this will not affect the legality of any data processing carried out on the basis of your consent before the date of revocation.


{list item} The right not to be subject to automated decision-making: You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing that may produce legal effects concerning you or may adversely affect you in a similarly significant way;


{list item} The right to data portability: If you have given us personal data, you may ask us to provide the data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, any you may transmit the data to another controller without any hindrance from us; you may also ask us to send the personal data directly to the other controller, provided this is technically feasible.


The right to object: You also have the right to object to any data processing based on our legitimate interests, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds that override your interests, rights and freedoms; you may always object to any processing carried out for the purpose of direct marketing. If you wish to exercise your rights, please contact {removed hyperref}. We reserve the right to comply with our statutory confidentiality obligations. The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority: You may lodge a complaint with your competent supervisory authority if you believe the processing of your personal data infringes the provisions of the GDPR. You may exercise this right with the supervisory authority in the Member State of your habitual place of residence, your place of work or the location of the alleged infringement.


{list item}.


Security of processing.


We take appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect all personal data against accidental or intentional manipulation, loss, destruction and unauthorised access. Our safety measures are constantly improved in line with technical developments. Whenever you use our website, your personal data will be encrypted using SSL / TLS technology to prevent access by unauthorised third parties. Please note that online data transfers (e. g. email communication) may be affected by security issues. Unfortunately, data cannot be completely protected against third-party access.


{list item}.


Data protection officer.


Our data protection officer can be contacted as follows: Sharp NEC Display Solutions Europe GmbH.


Data Protection Officer.


Landshuter Allee 12-14.


D-80637 Mnchen Email address: {removed hyperref} Last updated: 23 November 2020.


This Website uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you consent to the use of cookies. {removed href} More information Accept necessary cookies ACCEPT.


