


Privacy Policy.


Responsible in the sense of the data protection laws, in particular the EU data protection basic regulation (DSGVO), is:


Technaxx Germany GmbH Co. KG.


represented by the.


Technaxx Verwaltungs- und Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH.


represented by the business director Pascal Pekcan.


Kruppstr. 105.


60388 Frankfurt am Main.


Your Affected Rights.


You can at any time grant the following rights b ywriting to {removed hyperref}:


{number list}.


{list item} Information about your stored data and their processing (Art. 15 GDPR),


{list item} Correction of incorrect personal data (Art. 16 GDPR),


{list item} Retrieval of your data stored with us (Article 17 GDPR),


{list item} Restriction of data processing, insofar as we are not yet able to dispose of your data due to legal obligations (Art. 18 GDPR),


{list item} Objection to the processing of your data with us (Article 21 GDPR) and.


{list item} Data transferability, provided you have consented to the data processing or have concluded a contract with us (Article 20 GDPR).


If you have given us your consent, you may revoke it at any time with effect for the future.


You may contact a regulatory body at any time with a complaint, such as: B. to the competent supervisory authority of the Federal State of your domicile or to the competent authority of ours.


A list of supervisory authorities (for non-public sector) with address can be found at: {removed href} {removed hyperref}. html.


Collecting general information when visiting our website.


Nature and purpose of processing:


When you access our website, that is, if you do not register or otherwise submit information, information of a general nature is automatically collected. This information (server log files) includes, for example, the type of web browser, the operating system used, the domain name of your Internet service provider, your IP address and the like.


They are processed in particular for the following purposes:


{number list}.


{list item} Ensure a hassle-free connection to the site,


{list item} Ensuring a smooth use of our website,


{list item} Evaluation of system security and stability and.


{list item} for further administrative purposes.


We do not use your personal information to reduce the risk to yourself. Information of this kind may be statistically evaluated by us to optimize our website and the underlying technology.


Legal basis:


The processing is done by the num; Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO based on our legitimate interest in improving the stability and functionality of our website.


Retrieve SINGER:


Users of the data may be technical service providers who become responsible for the operation and maintenance of our website as a processor.


Storage duration:


The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer required for the purpose of the survey. This is basically the case for the data provided to provide the website, when the session is over.


Provision required or required:


The provision of the aforementioned personal data is neither legally nor contractually required. Without the IP address, however, the service and functionality of our website is not guaranteed. In addition, individual services may not be available or limited. For this reason, a contradiction is excluded.


Contact.


Nature and purpose of processing:


The data you enter will be stored for the purpose of individual communication with you. This requires a valid e-mail address and your name. This is used to assign the request and the subsequent answering of the same. The specification of additional data is optional.


Legal basis:


The processing of the data entered into the contact form is based on a legitimate interest (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR).


By providing the contact form, we can provide you with easy contact. Your information will be stored for the purpose of processing the request as well as for possible follow-up questions.


If you contact us to inquire about an offer, the processing of the data entered in the contact form for the performance of pre-contractual measures (Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR) will be carried out.


Retrieve SINGER:


The recipient of the data may be a processor.


Storage duration:


Data will be deleted at the latest 6 months after the request has been processed.


If there is a contractual relationship, we are subject to the statutory retention periods according to HGB (German Commercial Code) and delete your data after this deadline.


Provision required or required:


The provision of your personal data is voluntary. However, we can only process your request if you provide us with your name, your e-mail address and the reason for the request.


Using Google Analytics.


Nature and purpose of processing:


This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA (hereafter: Google). Google Analytics uses so-called cookies, ie text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, due to the activation of IP anonymisation on these web pages, your IP address will be pre-scribed by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the United States and will be blacklisted. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage to the website operator. The IP address transmitted by Google Analytics as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data.


The purposes of the data processing are the evaluation of the use of the website and the compilation of reports on activities on the website. On the basis of the use of the website and the Internet, further connected services should be provided.


YOU CAN PREVENT GOOGLE ANALYTICS FROM COLLECTING DATA BY CLICKING ON THE FOLLOWING LINK. AN OPT-OUT COOKIE WILL BE SET WHICH PREVENTS THE FUTURE COLLECTION OF YOUR DATA WHEN YOU VISIT THIS WEBSITE: {REMOVED HREF} DEACTIVATE GOOGLE ANALYTICS.


Legal basis:


The processing of the data is based on the consent of the user (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR).


Retrieve SINGER:


The recipient of the data is Google as a processor. For this we have with Google completed the corresponding order processing contract.


Storage duration:


The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer needed for our recording purposes.


third country transfer:


Google processes your data in the US and has submitted to the EUUS Privacy Shield {removed href} {removed hyperref} Framework code.


Provision required or required:


Your personal information is provided voluntarily, solely on the basis of your consent. If you disable the access, this may lead to functional restrictions on the website.


Privacy Policy for Facebook.


This website uses social media functions from Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. You can share content on the Facebook social network using the Facebook Like buttons integrated on it - Facebook Like button. The legal basis for the processing of the data is Art. 6 para. 1 subpara. 1 letter f) GDPR the legitimate interest in optimizing the website offer. When a page with an integrated Facebook Like button is called up, a connection is established between the browser used and the Facebook servers. In order to prevent this immediate connection, this website uses a solution in which this transfer only takes place when the Facebook Like button is pressed. Data is only transferred to Facebook when you click the Facebook Like button a second time. If you have a Facebook account, this data can be linked to it. If you do not want this data to be assigned to your Facebook account, please log out of Facebook before visiting our page and delete the cookies in your browser. Facebook has submitted to the Privacy Shield data protection agreement between the USA and the EU. You can find out more about Facebooks data protection at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Privacy Policy for Twitter.


This website uses social media functions from Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. You can share content on the Twitter social network using the Twitter buttons integrated in it - tweet buttons. The legal basis for the processing of the data is Art. 6 para. 1 subpara. 1 letter f) GDPR the legitimate interest in optimizing the website offer. When a page with an integrated tweet button is called up, a connection is established between the browser used and the Twitter servers. In order to prevent this immediate connection, this website uses a solution in which this transfer only takes place when the tweet button is pressed. If you have a Twitter account, this data can be linked to it. If you do not want this data to be assigned to your Twitter account, please log out of Twitter before visiting the site and delete the cookies in your browser. Twitter has submitted to the Privacy Shield data protection agreement between the USA and the EU. You can find out more about Twitters data protection at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Withdrawal of consent:


You can prevent the storage of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, we point out that in this case you may not be able to use all the features of this website to your fullest extent. You may also prevent the collection by Google of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) as well as the processing of this data by Google by using the link below {removed hyperref}? hlen Browser Add-On to Disable Google Analytics.


In addition or as an alternative to the browser add-on, you can prevent Google Analytics tracking on our pages by setting {removed href} click this link. An opt-out cookie will be installed on your device. This will prevent the collection of Google Analytics for this website and for this browser in the future as long as the cookie remains installed in your browser.


Profiling:


With the help of the tracking tool Google Analytics the behavior of the visitors of the website can be evaluated and the interests analyzed. For this we create a pseudonymous user profile.


SSL Encryption navigation use sselung.


In order to protect the security of your data during transmission, we use state-of-the-art encryption methods (eg SSL) over HTTPS.


Changing our Privacy Policy.


We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy to always comply with current legal requirements or to implement changes to our services in the privacy statement, e. g. in the introduction of new services. Your new visit will be subject to the new privacy policy.


Questions to the Data Protection Officer.


