


AbleNet Policies.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} Website Policies.


{list item} {removed href} Back to Home.


Website Policies.


Terms of Use.


OVERVIEW.


This website is operated by AbleNet, Inc. Throughout the site, the terms we, us and our refer to AbleNet, Inc. AbleNet, Inc. offers this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.


By visiting our site and/ or purchasing something from us, you engage in our Service and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (Terms of Use, Terms), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink. These Terms of Use apply to all users of the site, including without limitation, users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/ or contributors of content.


Please read these Terms of Use carefully before accessing or using our website. By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any services. If these Terms of Use are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Use.


Any new features or tools which are added to the current site shall also be subject to the Terms of Use. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Use at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Use by posting updates and/or changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.


Our store is hosted on Magento. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.


SECTION 1 - ONLINE STORE TERMS.


By agreeing to these Terms of Use, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.


You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).


You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature.


A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your Services.


SECTION 2 - GENERAL CONDITIONS.


We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.


You understand that your content (not including credit card information), may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over networks.


You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us.


The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.


SECTION 3 - ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS AND TIMELINESS OF INFORMATION.


We are not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk.


This site may contain certain historical information. Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.


SECTION 4 - MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICE AND PRICES.


Prices for our products are subject to change without notice.


We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time.


We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.


SECTION 5 - PRODUCTS OR SERVICES (IF APPLICABLE).


Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Return Policy.


We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products that appear at the store. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitors display of any color will be accurate.


We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at any time without notice, at the sole discretion of us. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited.


We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.


SECTION 6 - ACCURACY OF BILLING AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION.


We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may nclude orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors.


You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.


For more detail, please review our Returns Policy.


SECTION 7 - OPTIONAL TOOLS.


We may provide you with access to third-party tools over which we neither monitor nor have any control nor input.


You acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools as is and as available without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind and without any endorsement. We shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party tools.


Any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider(s).


We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall also be subject to these Terms of Use.


SECTION 8 - THIRD-PARTY LINKS.


Certain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties.


Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties.


We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review carefully the third-partys policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third-party.


SECTION 9 - USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS.


If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, comments), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments.


We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any partys intellectual property or these Terms of Use.


You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.


SECTION 10 - PERSONAL INFORMATION.


Your submission of personal information through the store is governed by our Privacy Policy. Scroll down to view our Privacy Policy.


SECTION 11 - ERRORS, INACCURACIES AND OMISSIONS.


Occasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).


We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.


SECTION 12 - PROHIBITED USES.


In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Use, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.


SECTION 13 - DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.


We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.


We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable.


You agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you.


You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk. The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided as is and as available for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.


In no case shall AbleNet, Inc., our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.


SECTION 14 - INDEMNIFICATION.


You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless AbleNet, Inc., affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Use or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.


SECTION 15 - SEVERABILITY.


In the event that any provision of these Terms of Use is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Use, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.


SECTION 16 - TERMINATION.


The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes.


These Terms of Use are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Use at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our site.


If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Use, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).


SECTION 17 - ENTIRE AGREEMENT.


The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.


These Terms of Use and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to The Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Use).


Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Use shall not be construed against the drafting party.


SECTION 18 - GOVERNING LAW.


These Terms of Use and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of MN, United States.


SECTION 19 - CHANGES TO TERMS OF USE.


You can review the most current version of the Terms of Use at any time at this page.


We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Use by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Use constitutes acceptance of those changes.


SECTION 20 - CONTACT INFORMATION.


AbleNet, Inc.


2625 Patton Road.


Roseville, MN 55113-1308.


Toll Free: (800) 322-0956 (US Canada).


Phone: (651) 294-2200.


E-mail: {removed hyperref}.


Privacy Policy.


Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to {removed hyperref} and AbleNet, Inc. and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to AbleNet, Inc. include {removed hyperref}. The AbleNet, Inc. website is a ecommerce site. By using the AbleNet, Inc. website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.


COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORAMTION.


In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, AbleNet, Inc. may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:


- First and Last Name.


- Mailing Address.


- E-mail Address.


- Phone Number.


- Job Title.


If you purchase AbleNet, Inc. s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.


We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site.


These may include:


(a) registering for an account on our Site;


(b) sending us an email message;


(c) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site.


To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.


USE OF OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORAMTION.


AbleNet, Inc. collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.


AbleNet, Inc. may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from AbleNet, Inc.


SHARING INFORMAION WITH THIRD PARTIES.


AbleNet, Inc. does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.


AbleNet, Inc. may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to AbleNet, Inc., and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.


AbleNet, Inc. may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:


(a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on AbleNet, Inc. or the site;


(b) protect and defend the rights or property of AbleNet, Inc.; and/or.


(c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of AbleNet, Inc., or the public.


AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION.


Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by AbleNet, Inc. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the AbleNet, Inc. website.


LINKS This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.


SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORAMTION.


AbleNet, Inc. secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. AbleNet, Inc. uses the following methods for this purpose:


- SSL Protocol.


When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.


We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100 secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.


CHILDREN UNDER 13.


AbleNet, Inc. does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.


EMAIL COMMUNICATION.


From time to time, AbleNet, Inc. may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from AbleNet, Inc. or click on a link therein.


If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from AbleNet, Inc., you may opt out of such communications by clicking on the Update your email preferences link or replying unsubscribe.


EXTERNAL DATA STORAGE SITES.


We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.


RIGHT TO ERASURE.


You are entitled to request us to erase any personal data we hold about you. Please contact Customer Service to request erasure information.


CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT.


AbleNet, Inc. reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.


CONTACT INFORMATION.


AbleNet, Inc. welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that AbleNet, Inc. has not adhered to this Statement, please contact AbleNet, Inc. at:


2625 Patton Road.


Roseville, MN 55113-1308.


Toll Free: (800) 322-0956 (US Canada).


Phone: (651) 294-2200.


E-mail: {removed hyperref}.


Cookie Policy.


INTRODUCTION AbleNet, Inc. (we or us or our) may use cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other tracking technologies when you visit our website {removed hyperref}, including any other media form, media channel, mobile website, or mobile application related or connected thereto (collectively, the Site) to help customize the Site and improve your experience.


We reserve the right to make changes to this Cookie Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the Last Updated date of this Cookie Policy. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Cookie Policy on the Site, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification.


You are encouraged to periodically review this Cookie Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Cookie Policy by your continued use of the Site after the date such revised Cookie Policy is posted.


USE OF COOKIES A cookie is a string of information which assigns you a unique identifier that we store on your computer. Your browser then provides that unique identifier to use each time you submit a query to the Site. We use cookies on the Site to, among other things, keep track of services you have used, record registration information, record your user preferences, keep you logged into the Site, facilitate purchase procedures, and track the pages you visit. Cookies help us understand how the Site is being used and improve your user experience.


TYPES OF COOKIES The following types of cookies may be used when you visit the Site:


{number list}.


{list item} ADVERTISING COOKIES.


Advertising cookies are placed on your computer by advertisers and ad servers in order to display advertisements that are most likely to be of interest to you. These cookies allow advertisers and ad servers to gather information about your visits to the Site and other websites, alternate the ads sent to a specific computer, and track how often an ad has been viewed and by whom. These cookies are linked to a computer and do not gather any personal information about you.


{list item} ANALYTICS COOKIES.


Analytics cookies monitor how users reached the Site, and how they interact with and move around once on the Site. These cookies let us know what features on the Site are working the best and what features on the Site can be improved.


{list item} OUR COOKIES.


Our cookies are first-party cookies, and can be either permanent or temporary. These are necessary cookies, without which the Site wont work properly or be able to provide certain features and functionalities. Some of these may be manually disabled in your browser, but may affect the functionality of the Site.


{list item} PERSONALIZATION COOKIES.


Personalization cookies are used to recognize repeat visitors to the Site. We use these cookies to record your browsing history, the pages you have visited, and your settings and preferences each time you visit the Site.


{list item} SECURITY COOKIES Security cookies help identify and prevent security risks. We use these cookies to authenticate users and protect user data from unauthorized parties.


{list item} SITE MANAGEMENT COOKIES Site management cookies are used to maintain your identity or session on the Site so that you are not logged off unexpectedly, and any information you enter is retained from page to page. These cookies cannot be turned off individually, but you can disable all cookies in your browser.


{list item} THIRD-PARTY COOKIES Third-party cookies may be place on your computer when you visit the Site by companies that run certain services we offer. These cookies allow the third parties to gather and track certain information about you. These cookies can be manually disabled in your browser.


CONTROL OF COOKIES Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. However, you can remove or reject cookies in your browsers settings. Please be aware that such action could affect the availability and functionality of the Site.


For more information on how to control cookies, check your browser or devices settings for how you can control or reject cookies, or visit the following links:


{removed href} Apple Safari.


{removed href} Google Chrome.


{removed href} Microsoft Edge.


{removed href} Microsoft Internet Explorer.


{removed href} Mozilla Firefox.


{removed href} Opera.


{removed href} Android (Chrome).


{removed href} Blackberry.


{removed href} iPhone or iPad (Chrome).


{removed href} iPhone or iPad (Safari) In addition, you may opt-out of some third-party cookies through the {removed href} Network Advertising Initiatives Opt-Out Tool.


OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES In addition to cookies, we may use web beacons, pixel tags, and other tracking technologies on the Site to help customize the Site and improve your experience. A web beacon or pixel tag is tiny object or image embedded in a web page or email. They are used to track the number of users who have visited particular pages and viewed emails, and acquire other statistical data. They collect only a limited set of data, such as a cookie number, time and date of page or email view, and a description of the page or email on which they reside. Web beacons and pixel tags cannot be declined. However, you can limit their use by controlling the cookies that interact with them.


PRIVACY POLICY For more information about how we use information collected by cookies and other tracking technologies, please refer to our Privacy Policy above. This Cookie Policy is part of and is incorporated into our Privacy Policy. By using the Site, you agree to be bound by this Cookie Policy and our Privacy Policy.


CONTACT US If you have questions or comments about this Cookie Policy, please contact us at:


AbleNet, Inc.


2625 Patton Road.


Roseville, MN 55113-1308.


Toll Free: (800) 322-0956 (US Canada).


Phone: (651) 294-2200.


E-mail: {removed hyperref}.


Updated July 14, 2020.


We use cookies (and other similar technologies) to collect data to improve your shopping experience. By using our website, youre agreeing to the collection of data as described in our {removed href} Privacy Policy.


SettingsAccept All Cookies.


