


{removed href}.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} PRIVACY POLICY.


{removed href}.


Elecrowis committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information. We take care to protect the privacy of our visitors and users of our sites that communicate (online or offline) with us, over the phone or through our websites and social media platforms.


We have therefore developed this privacy policy to inform you of the data we collect, what we do with your information, what we do to keep it secure as well as the rights and choices you have over your personal information.


We comply fully with all aspects of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR (EU) 2016/679).


WHAT WE COLLECT.


Your personal data (any information which identifies you, or which can be identified as relating to you personally, for example, name, address, phone number, email address) if collected, will be used by us. Well only collect the personal data that we need.


Elecrow collects personal data to operate effectively and provide you with the best experiences with our website. You provide some of this data directly, such as when you subscribe to our updates or submit a comment. We also receive personal information from you every time you email us or send us your details.


We collect information automatically about your visit to our website. The information obtained in this way, which includes demographic data and browsing patterns, is only used in aggregate form. For more information on this please see our cookies section below.


You are under no statutory or contractual requirement or obligation to provide us with your personal information; however, we require at least the information above in order for us to deal with you as a service user in an efficient and effective manner.


If at any time you do not wish to receive communications from us and wish to be removed from our mailing list, you can do so by following one of the options listed in the How to Access Control Your Personal Data section below.


HOW WE USE WHAT WE COLLECT.


Well only use your personal data on relevant lawful grounds as permitted by the EU General Data Protection Regulation.


Personal data provided to us will be used for the purpose or purposes outlined in any fair processing notice in a transparent manner at the time of collection or registration where appropriate, in accordance with any preferences you express.


Your personal data may be collected and used to help us provide you with our products and services. If you choose to hear from us we may send you information based on the things youve told us about. Well only send these to you if you agree to receive them and we will never share your information with companies outside of Elecrow for inclusion in their marketing.


We may contact you for the following:


{number list}.


{list item} To contact you, following your inquiry, reply to any questions, suggestions, issues or complaints you have contacted us about;


{list item} Make available our products and services to you;


{list item} Process your orders;


{list item} Take payment from you or give you a refund;


{list item} For statistical analysis and to get feedback from you about our products, websites, mobile apps, and other services and activities. For example, occasionally we may invite you to review a product or service youve bought or used from us. If we do, its possible that well use independent research and feedback providers to act on our behalf;


{list item} To power our security measures and services so you can safely access our website and mobile apps;


{list item} Help us understand more about you as a customer, the products and services you consume, so we can serve you better;


{list item} Contact you about products and services from us;


{list item} Provide you with online advertising and promotions; and.


{list item} Help answer your questions and solve any issues you have.


WHY WE MAY SHARE DATA WITH.


We may share your personal data with other organizations in the following circumstances:


{number list}.


{list item} If the law or a public authority says we must share the personal data;


{list item} If we need to share personal data in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (this includes providing personal data to others for the purposes of preventing fraud and reducing credit risk); or.


{list item} From time to time, employ the services of other parties for dealing with certain processes necessary for the operation of the Website. However, all the information we share will be collected and anonymized, so neither you nor any of your devices can be identified from it.


HOW WE KEEP YOU UPDATED.


We will send you relevant offers and news about our products and services in a number of ways including by email, but only if you have previously consented to receive these marketing communications. When you register with us we will ask if you would like to receive marketing communications, and you can change your marketing choices at any time.


If you wish to amend your marketing preferences, you can do so by contacting us.


YOUR RIGHTS OVER YOUR INFORMATION.


Right to Access Your Personal Information.


You have the right to access the personal information that we hold about you in many circumstances, by making a request. This is sometimes termed Subject Access Request. If we agree that we are obliged to provide personal information to you (or someone else on your behalf), we will provide it to you or them free of charge and aim to do so within 30 days from when your identity has been confirmed.


We would ask for proof of identity and sufficient information about your interactions with us that we can locate your personal information. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us as set out below.


Right to Correction Of Your Personal Information.


If any of the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate or out of date, you may ask us to correct it.


If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us as set out below.


Right to Stop or Limit Our Processing of Your Data.


You have the right to object to us processing your personal information if we are not entitled to use it anymore, to have your information deleted if we are keeping it too long or have its processing restricted in certain circumstances.


If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us as set out below.


FOR MORE INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS.


The Information Commissioners Office (ICO) regulates data protection and privacy matters in the UK. They make a lot of information accessible to consumers on their website and they ensure that the registered details of all data controllers such as ourselves are available publicly. You can access them here {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


You can make a complaint to the ICO at any time about the way we use your information. However, we hope that you would consider raising any issue or complaint you have with us first. Your satisfaction is extremely important to us, and we will always do our very best to solve any problems you may have.


The following are your rights under GDPR;


The right to be informed Individuals have the right to be informed about the collection and use of their personal data.


The right of access Individuals have the right to access their personal data and supplementary information.


The right to rectification The GDPR gives individuals the right to have personal data rectified. Personal data can be rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete.


The right to erasure The right to erasure is also known as the right to be forgotten. The broad principle underpinning this right is to enable an individual to request the deletion or removal of personal data where there is no compelling reason for its continued processing.


The right to restrict processing Individuals have the right to block or suppress processing of personal data.


The right to data portability The right to data portability allows individuals to obtain and reuse their personal data for their own purposes across different services.


The right to object Individuals have the right to object to: processing based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling); direct marketing (including profiling); and processing for purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics.


USE.


Users agree to use this Website only for lawful purposes and are prohibited from posting on this Website any unlawful, harmful, abusive, threatening, harassing or defamatory material of any kind.


SECURITY OF PERSONAL DATA.


Elecrow will use reasonable endeavors to keep secure all information which users input on this Website (including any linked third party Websites) although it cannot fully guarantee such security as the Internet is not a secure medium of communication. Elecrow is not, and will not be, responsible for any damages the user may suffer as a result of the loss of confidentiality of any such information.


COOKIES.


To make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device.


WHAT ARE COOKIES?


A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you dont have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.


A NUMBER OF OUR PAGES USE COOKIES TO REMEMBER:


{number list}.


{list item} your display preferences, such as contrast color settings or font size.


{list item} if you have already replied to a survey pop-up that asks you if the content was helpful or not (so you wont be asked again).


{list item} if you have agreed (or not) to our use of cookies on this site.


{list item} Also, some videos embedded in our pages use a cookie to anonymously gather statistics on how you got there and what videos you visited.


Enabling these cookies is not strictly necessary for the website to work but it will provide you with a better browsing experience. You can delete or block these cookies, but if you do that some features of this site may not work as intended.


The cookie-related information is not used to identify you personally and the pattern data is fully under our control. These cookies are not used for any purpose other than those described here.


