


{removed href}.


Privacy Policy.


This Privacy Policy is provided to you by ZAGG International Distribution Limited, a limited company established in Ireland with a registered office at 103 Shannon Industrial Estate, Shannon, County Clare, Ireland, which operates under the brand names ZAGG, mophie, InvisibleShield and iFROGZ (us, we, or ZAGG) and for the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR). Protecting your privacy is important to ZAGG and its affiliates. This Privacy Cookie Policy governs the manner in which ZAGG collects, uses and discloses information from users of our website and any of ZAGGs products or services, if disclosed to us in connection with such product or service. Please read the following policy carefully to understand practices regarding your personal data, how we will treat it and how we use Cookies on our website.


{removed href}.


What information we collect.


We will collect the following information about you:


{number list}.


{list item} Identification information such as your name, your email address, date of birth, and gender.


{list item} Log-in details such as your username and password.


{list item} Contact details, such as your home and shipping address, and phone number.


{list item} Payment and other financial information, such as your credit card information, gift card number.


{list item} Transaction information, such as your order number, total amount payable, and transaction history.


{list item} Electronic identifiers such as your IP address, and your browsing behavior. This includes information about your browser type and version, time zone setting, operating system and platform and usage information. These identifiers on their own do not always amount to personal data, but may do so when combined.


There are many ways that ZAGG obtains both personal information and non-personal information from you: (1) via signup on or when you visit any ZAGG website(s); (2) from an online, email, fax, or telephone purchase; (3) from navigational information about where visitors go on our website; (4) when you enter a ZAGG sweepstakes/giveaway; (5) anytime you submit a business reply, product, or warranty card; (6) upon contacting customer service to request ZAGG communications; and (7) upon signing up at an event. If you contact our customer service department, you will need to provide us with additional information so that we can respond to your questions or concerns as completely and thoroughly as possible.


{removed href}.


How we use your information.


We use the following information for of the following purposes:


{number list}.


{list item} Identification, contact and payment information to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to quickly process your transactions. We process such information to perform our contract with you.


{list item} Electronic identifiers to personalise your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested. We process such information based on our legitimate interest to provide effective services and useful content to you.


{list item} Identification and contact information to allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests. We process such information to perform our contract with you.


{list item} Identification, log-in and contact information to administer our site and for internal operations, including contests sweepstakes, surveys. We process such information based on our legitimate interest to provide useful content to you.


{list item} Electronic identifiers for the purpose of troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical purposes or other site or application features. We process such personal data based on our legitimate interest to provide effective services and useful content to you, and to ensure our website is safe and secure.


{list item} Identification and contact information to notify you about changes to our services. We process such information to perform our contract with you.


{list item} Identification and contact details for customer service purposes, such as following up on customers who have not checked out their abandoned shopping carts or to see if there was a problem with their use of the site. We process such information based on our legitimate interest to provide effective services and useful content to you.


{list item} If you have opted in to the use of cookies through your browser settings, we will process electronic identifiers to develop and display content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness. For instance, we, or these third parties may serve ads related to your shopping preferences. We process such information based on our legitimate interest to promote our goods. You can find more information on how to disable cookies in the Cookies Policy section of this policy.


{list item} If you have agreed to receive our electronic newsletter, we will process your contact information send you periodic electronic notices, and for the processing of this data, we rely on your consent. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mails or electronic notices from us, please refer to the How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us section below. If you have not opted in to receive electronic newsletters, you will not receive these electronic communications. Visitors who register or participate in other site or application features such as marketing programs and members-only content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our electronic communications list and receive electronic communications from us.


{removed href}.


Sharing information with third parties.


Save as noted elsewhere in this Privacy Cookie Policy (e. g. in relation to ZAGG merging with or being acquired by another organisation, or upon a sale of its assets), ZAGG will never sell any information about you to anyone outside of its group. We do not share, sell or rent to other third parties any information that you provide to us, except with your consent or as described in this Privacy Cookie Policy. We do not link personally identifiable information with aggregate information.


We share your information with selected recipients:


{number list}.


{list item} We are part of a larger company and we will share your personal information with the members of our group, including ZAGG Inc. which is based in the United States, because we rely on them to provide us with various services, including data storage and other information technology services, as well as assisting us with fulfilling your order (e. g. for the purpose of tracking sales).


{list item} We engage third parties to perform services in connection with the operation of our business. Examples of these services include payment processing and authorization, fraud protection and credit risk reduction, product customisation, order fulfilment and shipping, marketing and promotional material distribution, website evaluation, data analysis and, where applicable, data cleansing. We need to share personal information with these third parties so that they can perform these services, however, we limit the personal information that we give to them and authorise them to use this information only for the purpose of performing those services.


{list item} In proceeding with your online credit card order, both your name and address and those of the delivery name and address (if different) will be checked using third parties.


{list item} We share aggregated demographic information about our user base with our agents, including agencies or third-party vendors so that they can provide marketing analysis and consult on advertising strategies. This information does not identify individual users. We also share non-personal information, such as the number of users who visited the website during a specific time period or who purchased a specific product through the website, with our marketing partners, advertisers and others from time to time. This information generally is shared in an aggregated form.


{list item} We release your information to law enforcement agencies, public authorities or other organisations if we believe in good faith that: (1) the law or legal process requires it; (2) such disclosure is necessary for the detection, prevention or to otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; (3) if we have received a valid administrative request from a law enforcement agency, or (4) we need to protect our rights, property or safety, that of our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted by law (exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction).


{list item} As with any business, it is possible that as our business develops, we might go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, sale of all or a portion of our assets or buying online stores or other assets. In such transactions, information about customers will likely be transferred.


{list item} The data that we collect from you will be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA). It will also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. Where a transfer of information involves a transfer outside the EEA, such information will be transferred to, and stored at/processed in the United States by our affiliates or service providers we rely on to provide you with our goods and services, under the Commissions model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries (i. e., the standard contractual clauses), pursuant to Decision 2010/87/EU.


{removed href}.


How long we store your information.


We will retain your information for as long as we are required by law to do so, and more in particular as follows:


{number list}.


{list item} If you have an account with us, and use these to make orders, for 7 years after your last purchase; and.


{list item} your electronic identifiers for maximum 2 years (see the Cookies Policy section of this Privacy Policy).


{removed href}.


How we protect your information.


We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personally identifiable information. Your personally identifiable information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personally identifiable information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. We do not store any credit card or payment information.


While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or receive from us. You can help protect your information by creating a strong password to access your online account and by accessing your account only through a personal computer or device, as opposed to public computers or means.


{removed href}.


How to opt-out, remove or modify information provided to us.


To modify your email subscriptions, you will need to unsubscribe from the bottom of the email or {REMOVED HREF} CONTACT CUSTOMER SERVICE. Due to email production schedules you may receive emails or electronic notices already in production. To delete your online account information from our database, submit an {REMOVED HREF} DATA DELETION REQUEST. Please note that we sometimes maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.


{removed href}.


Your rights.


You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by by choosing to opt-out (see How to opt-out, remove or modify information provided to us) or by completing a {REMOVED HREF} DATA DELETION REQUEST.


You have additional rights in relation to the personal data we hold about you. Some of these only apply in certain circumstances. We have described these situations below, as well as how you can exercise your rights. To exercise any of your rights, please complete the applicable form.


{number list}.


{list item} Access: You have the right to ask us to access the personal data we hold about you and be provided with certain information about how we use your personal data and who we share it with. {REMOVED HREF} (DATA REQUEST FORM).


{list item} Correction: You also have the right to ask us to correct your personal data where it is inaccurate or incomplete. {REMOVED HREF} (DATA REQUEST FORM).


{list item} Portability: Where you have provided your personal data to us under contract, you have the right to ask us to share (port) this data to another data controller in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. {REMOVED HREF} (DATA DELETION REQUEST).


{list item} Erasure: In certain circumstances, you have the right to ask us to delete the personal data we hold about you. {REMOVED HREF} (DATA DELETION REQUEST).


{list item} Restriction: In certain circumstances, you have the right to ask us to restrict (stop any active) processing of your personal data, save for storage. {REMOVED HREF} (DATA REQUEST FORM).


{list item} Objection: In certain circumstances, the right to restrict or object to our processing of your personal information (e. g. where you request correction or erasure, you also have a right to restrict processing of your applicable data while your request is considered). You can object to our processing of your personal data based on our legitimate interests and we will no longer process your personal data unless we can demonstrate an overriding legitimate ground.


In addition, you have the right to complain to the applicable data protection supervisory authority.


Please note that these rights are limited, for example, where fulfilling your request would adversely affect other individuals or company trade secrets or intellectual property, where there are overriding public interest reasons or where we are required by law to retain your personal data.


{removed href}.


Do not track notice.


ZAGG does not track its website users over time and across third party websites or online services, and, therefore, does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. However, some third-party sites, software or mobile apps do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. If you are visiting such sites, you should set your browser settings so that third parties (particularly advertisers) know that you do not want to be tracked. ZAGG does not knowingly permit third parties to collect any personal information from our site unless you directly provide it to us and we provide it to them with your consent.


{removed href}.


Third party links.


In an attempt to provide you with increased value, in some places we include third party links on our site or through our applications. These third party linked sites and applications have separate and independent privacy or cookie policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites and applications. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our sites and applications and welcome any feedback about these linked sites and applications (including if a specific link or application does not work).


{removed href}.


Childrens privacy.


If you are under 16 you should surf {removed hyperref} only with involvement of a parent or guardian. Although ZAGG does not specifically direct its website, catalogs, or e-mails to children, we strive to provide children with as much customer service as possible without violating their privacy rights. For their protection, ZAGG asks that anyone under 16 years of age not attempt to register with ZAGG or otherwise provide us with any personally identifiable information without the consent of a parent or legal guardian.


{removed href}.


Questions and feedback.


We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us your feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue, via {REMOVED HREF} {removed hyperref}, subject line Privacy Policy, or at the following address:


ZAGG INTERNATIONAL.


103 Shannon Industrial Estate,


Shannon, County Clare, Ireland.


Or via telephone: Monday - Friday, 9am - 6pm GMT.


Ireland: 35 36 163 6618.


UK: 44 207 365 2400.


{removed href}.


How we use cookies.


A cookie is a small removable data file that is stored by your web browser on your computer. Cookies are only used by ZAGG to allow you to use ZAGGs web site in the most efficient manner. Cookies allow you to place an order on our website and allow us to enhance and personalise your online surfing and shopping experience. For example:


{number list}.


{list item} Functionality cookies These are used to recognise you when you return to our website.


{list item} Analytical/performance cookies These estimate our audience size and analyse visitor behaviour.


{list item} Targeting cookies these store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site and to provide you with offers that are targeted at your individual interests.


You can find more information about the main cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:


Purpose Name Description Domain Functional [SessionID27] Cookie purpose description: Preserves user session {removed hyperref} Functional paypalstorage Used in context with the PayPal payment-function on the website. The cookie is necessary for making a safe transaction through PayPal. {removed hyperref} Functional akavpauppsd This cookie is provided by Paypal. The cookie is used in context with transactions on the website - The cookie is necessary for secure transactions. {removed hyperref} Functional AWSELB Cookie purpose description: Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. {removed hyperref} Functional AWSELB Cookie purpose description: Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. {removed hyperref} Functional AWSELB Cookie purpose description: Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. {removed hyperref} Functional AWSELB Cookie purpose description: Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. {removed hyperref} Functional {removed hyperref} The cookie is necessary for secure log-in and the detection of any spam or abuse of the website. {removed hyperref} Functional formkey Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. {removed hyperref} Functional i Registers the websites speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. {removed hyperref} Functional JSESSIONID Preserves users states across page requests. {removed hyperref} Functional mage-banners-cache-storage This cookie is necessary for the cache function. A cache is used by the website to optimize the response time between the visitor and the website. The cache is usually stored on the visitors browser. {removed hyperref} Functional mage-banners-cache-timeout This cookie is necessary for the cache function. A cache is used by the website to optimize the response time between the visitor and the website. The cache is usually stored on the visitors browser. {removed hyperref} Functional mage-cache-sessid This cookie is used in context with load balancing - This optimizes the response rate between the visitor and the site, by distributing the traffic load on multiple network links or servers. {removed hyperref} Functional mage-cache-storage This cookie is used in context with load balancing - This optimizes the response rate between the visitor and the site, by distributing the traffic load on multiple network links or servers. {removed hyperref} Functional mage-cache-storage-section-invalidation Used to optimize the loading speed on the website. This is done by pre-loading some procedures in the visitors browser. {removed hyperref} Functional mage-cache-storage-section-timeout This cookie is necessary for the cache function. A cache is used by the website to optimize the response time between the visitor and the website. The cache is usually stored on the visitors browser. {removed hyperref} Functional mage-messages Necessary for the functionality of the websites chat-box function. {removed hyperref} Functional mage-translation-file-version Used in context with the language setting on the website. Facilitates the translation into the preferred language of the visitor. {removed hyperref} Functional mage-translation-storage Used in context with the language setting on the website. Facilitates the translation into the preferred language of the visitor. {removed hyperref} Functional PHPSESSID Preserves user session state across page requests. {removed hyperref} Functional productdatastorage Necessary for the compare-products function on the website. {removed hyperref} Functional recentlycomparedproduct Necessary for the compare-products function on the website. {removed hyperref} Functional ts Used in context with the PayPal payment-function on the website. The cookie is necessary for making a safe transaction through PayPal. {removed hyperref} Functional tsc Used in context with the PayPal payment-function on the website. The cookie is necessary for making a safe transaction through PayPal. {removed hyperref} Functional ltkSubscriber-Footer Required for newsletter functionality {removed hyperref} Functional {removed hyperref} Required for newsletter and product recommendation functionality when user consents to targeting and marketing cookies {removed hyperref} Functional vuid Required for newsletter and product recommendation functionality when user consents to targeting and marketing cookies {removed hyperref} Functional AWSELBCORS Required for newsletter and product recommendation functionality when user consents to targeting and marketing cookies {removed hyperref} Functional AWSELBCORS Required for newsletter and product recommendation functionality when user consents to targeting and marketing cookies {removed hyperref} Functional AWSELBCORS Required for newsletter and product recommendation functionality when user consents to targeting and marketing cookies {removed hyperref} Functional gsid Required for newsletter and product recommendation functionality when user consents to targeting and marketing cookies {removed hyperref} Functional GSIDqYKl0xUrC9Xy Required for newsletter and product recommendation functionality when user consents to targeting and marketing cookies {removed hyperref} Functional ltkpopup-session-depth Required for newsletter and product recommendation functionality when user consents to targeting and marketing cookies {removed hyperref} Functional ltkpopup-suppression-7db9f416-b5dc-4006-b756-f495fc1eed9d Required for newsletter and product recommendation functionality when user consents to targeting and marketing cookies {removed hyperref} Functional qYKl0xUrC9Xy/cart/update Required for newsletter and product recommendation functionality when user consents to targeting and marketing cookies {removed hyperref} Functional scasid Required for newsletter and product recommendation functionality when user consents to targeting and marketing cookies {removed hyperref} Functional STSID828987 Required for newsletter and product recommendation functionality when user consents to targeting and marketing cookies {removed hyperref} Functional spid. 4049 Required for newsletter and product recommendation functionality when user consents to targeting and marketing cookies {removed hyperref} Functional spses. 4049 Required for newsletter and product recommendation functionality when user consents to targeting and marketing cookies {removed hyperref} Functional pixel Required for newsletter and product recommendation functionality when user consents to targeting and marketing cookies {removed hyperref} Analytical dcgtmUA- Used by Google Tag Manager to control the loading of a Google Analytics script tag. {removed hyperref} Analytical ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. {removed hyperref} Analytical gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate. {removed hyperref} Analytical gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. {removed hyperref} Analytical hjid This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. {removed hyperref} Analytical collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitors device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. {removed hyperref} Analytical productdatastorage This cookie used to determine which products the visitor has viewed - This allows the website to promote related products. {removed hyperref} Analytical recentlycomparedproductprevious Necessary for the compare-products function on the website. {removed hyperref} Analytical recentlyviewedproduct This cookie used to determine which products the visitor has view ed - This allows the website to promote related products. {removed hyperref} Analytical recentlyviewedproductprevious Collects in formation on which products have been viewed by the visitor - This is used for optimizing the specific visitors navigation on the website. {removed hyperref} Analytical usid Contains an visitor ID - This is used to track visitors navigation and interaction on the website for internal website-optimization. {removed hyperref} Analytical hjTLDTest When the Hotjar script executes we try to determine the most generic cookie path we should use, instead of the page hostname. This is done so that cookies can be shared across subdomains (where applicable). To determine this, we try to store the hjTLDTest cookie for different URL substring alternatives until it fails. After this check, the cookie is removed. {removed hyperref} Targeting sectiondataids Used in context with the shopping cart functionality. Remembers any wish-list products and visitor credentials when checking out. {removed hyperref} Targeting fbp Used by Facebook and Instagram to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. {removed hyperref} Targeting gclau Used by Google Ad Sense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. {removed hyperref} Targeting hjIncludedInSample Determines if the users navigation should be registered in a certain statistical place holder. {removed hyperref} Targeting AA003 Collects in formation on visitor behaviour on multiple websites. This in formation is used on the website, in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement. {removed hyperref} Targeting ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitors online behaviour across websites. {removed hyperref} Targeting ATN Targets ads based on behavioural profiling and geographical location. {removed hyperref} Targeting fr Used by Facebook and Instagram to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. {removed hyperref} Targeting {removed hyperref}/ Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allow s th ird party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. {removed hyperref} Targeting IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website users actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertisers ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. {removed hyperref} Targeting MUID Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. {removed hyperref} Targeting MUIDB Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. {removed hyperref} Targeting pagead/1p-user-list/ Unclassified {removed hyperref} Targeting recentlycomparedproduct This cookie is used to determine which products the visitor has viewed. This information is used to promote related products and optimize ad-efficiency. {removed hyperref} Targeting recentlycomparedproductprevious Collects in formation on which products have been viewed by the visitor - This is used for optimizing the specific visitors navigation on the website. {removed hyperref} Targeting recentlyviewedproduct Collects information on which products have been viewed by the visitor - This is used for optimizing the specific visitors navigation on the website. {removed hyperref} Targeting recentlyviewedproductprevious Collects information on which products have been viewed by the visitor - This is used for optimizing the specific visitors navigation on the website. {removed hyperref} Targeting testcookie Used to check if the users browser supports cookies. {removed hyperref} Targeting tr Used by Facebook and Instagram to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. {removed hyperref}.


{removed hyperref} Targeting yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the users video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. {removed hyperref} Targeting yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the users video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. {removed hyperref} Targeting yt-remote-device-id Stores the users video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. {removed hyperref} Targeting yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the users video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. {removed hyperref} Targeting yt-remote-session-app Stores the users video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. {removed hyperref} Targeting yt-remote-session-name Stores the users video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. {removed hyperref}.


By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.


You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Please visit {REMOVED HREF} ALL ABOUT COOKIES where you can find comprehensive information on cookie management and blocking for a wide variety of browsers. Please note, however, that by deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our website.


We also work with other companies who use tracking technologies, including web beacons, to serve ads on our behalf across the internet. These companies may collect non-personally identifiable information about your visit to our website about your interaction with our communications, including advertising and e-mails. If you object to web beacons, we recommend that you follow the instructions for deleting existing cookies and disabling future cookies. We will still know how many of our electronic communications are opened and we will automatically receive your IP address, a unique identifier for your computer or other access device but we will not identify you as an individual.


We may use third parties to serve our advertisements on other websites and in serving our advertisements, these companies may also use cookies and other tracking devices to collect certain information about your visits to other websites. The use of cookies and other tracking devices allows us to measure site activity and to provide a better user experience.


Some of our cookies may persist for 2 years.


We use Google Analytics, which is a web analytics tool that helps us understand how users engage with the Website. Like many services, Google Analytics uses first-party cookies to track user interactions, as in our case, where they are used to collect information about how users use our site. This information is used to compile reports and to help us improve our Website. The reports disclose website trends without identifying individual visitors. You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our site for more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites you use, visit this Google page: {REMOVED HREF} {removed hyperref}.


{removed href}.


Updates to our Privacy Cookie Policy.


We may update this Privacy Cookie Policy at any time in our sole discretion. When the policy is updated, the updated policy will be made available on this website and we will update you if we make any material changes. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Cookie policy.


THIS POLICY WAS LAST UPDATED ON 28 JANUARY 2020.


