


{bullet list}.


{list item} {removed href} Start.


{list item} {removed href} Privacy.


Privacy.


DATA PROTECTION DECLARATION.


Unless stated otherwise below, the provision of your personal data is neither legally nor contractually obligatory, nor required for conclusion of a contract. You are not obliged to provide your data. Not providing it will have no consequences. This only applies as long as the processing procedures below do not state otherwise.


Personal data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.


SERVER LOG FILES.


You can use our websites without submitting personal data.


Every time our website is accessed, user data is transferred to us or our web hosts/IT service providers by your internet browser and stored in server log files. This stored data includes for example the name of the site called up, date and time of the request, the IP address, amount of data transferred and the provider making the request. The processing is carried out on the basis of Article 6(1) f) GDPR due to our legitimate interests in ensuring the smooth operation of our website as well as improving our services.


CUSTOMER ACCOUNT ORDERS.


CUSTOMER ACCOUNT.


When you open a customer account, we will collect your personal data in the scope given there. The data processing is for the purpose of improving your shopping experience and simplifying order processing. The processing will be carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR with your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us without affecting the legality of the processing carried out with your consent up to the withdrawal. Your customer account will then be deleted.


COLLECTION, PROCESSING, AND TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA IN ORDERS.


When you submit an order we only collect and use your personal data insofar as this is necessary for the fulfilment and handling of your order as well as processing of your queries. The provision of data is necessary for conclusion of a contract. Failure to provide it will prevent the conclusion of any contract. The processing will occur on the basis of Article 6(1) b) GDPR and is required for the fulfilment of a contract with you.


Your data is transferred here for example to the shipping companies and dropshipping providers, payment service providers, service providers for handling the order and IT service providers that you have selected. We will comply strictly with legal requirements in every case. The scope of data transmission is restricted to a minimum.


CONTACT.


COLLECTION AND PROCESSING WHEN USING THE CONTACT FORM.


When you use the contact form we will only collect your personal data (name, email address, message text) in the scope provided by you. The data processing is for the purpose of making contact. By submitting your message you agree to the processing of your transmitted data. Processing will be carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR with your {removed hyperref} can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us without affecting the legality of the processing carried out with your consent up to the withdrawal. We will only use your email address to process your request. Finally your data will be deleted, unless you have agreed to further processing and use.


MERCHANDISE MANAGEMENT.


USE OF AN EXTERNAL MERCHANDISE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM.


We use a merchandise management system in the course of order processing for the purposes of contractual processing. For this purpose your personal data as collected in the course of the order will be sent to.


JTL-Software-GmbH, Rheinstr. 7, 41836 Hckelhoven, Germany.


PAYMENT SERVICE PROVIDERS.


USE OF PAYPAL.


All PayPal transaction are covered by the PayPal Data Privacy Statement. You can found this at {removed href} {removed hyperref}?{removed hyperref}.


USE OF AMAZON PAYMENTS.


We use Amazon Payments payment service on our website, from Amazon Payments Europe s. c. a. (38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg; Amazon Payments).


It is essential that Amazon Payments collects, stores and analyses data when accessing the website (e. g. IP address, device type, operating system, browser type, device location) to integrate this payment service. Cookies may be used for this purpose. Cookies allow your internet browser to be recognised. Data processing allows you to pay using the Amazon Payments payment service.


This data processing is carried out on the basis of Article 6(1) (f) GDPR due to our legitimate interest in a customer-oriented range of varying payment methods.


By selecting and using Amazon Payments, the data required for payment processing will be submitted to Amazon Payments to execute the agreement with you using the selected payment method. The data is processed on the basis of Article 6(1) (b) GDPR.


Further information on data processing when using the Amazon Payments payment service can be found here in the associated data privacy statement: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


COOKIES.


Our website uses cookies. Cookies are small text files which are saved in a users internet browser or by the users internet browser on their computer system. When a user calls up a website, a cookie may be saved on the users operating system. This cookie contains a characteristic character string which allows the browser to be clearly identified when the website is called up again.


We use these cookies to make our offering more user-friendly, effective and secure. Cookies also allow our systems to recognise your browser after a page change and to offer you services. Some functions of our website cannot be offered without the use of cookies. These services require the browser to be recognised again after a page change.


Processing is carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR due to our largely justified interest in ensuring the optimal functionality of the website as well as a user-friendly and effective design of our range of services.


Cookies will be stored on your computer. You therefore have full control over the use of cookies. By choosing corresponding technical settings in your internet browser, you can be notified before the setting of cookies and you can decide whether to accept this setting in each individual case as well as prevent the storage of cookies and transmission of the data they contain. Cookies which have already been saved may be deleted at any time. We would, however, like to point out that this may prevent you from making full use of all the functions of this website.


Using the links below, you can find out how to manage cookies (or deactivate them, among other things) in major browsers:


Chrome Browser: {removed href} {removed hyperref}? hlen.


Internet Explorer: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Mozilla Firefox: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Safari: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


ANALYSIS ADVERTISING.


The data processing described subsequently in this section, especially the setting of cookies, will be carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR due to our largely justified interest:


- in the needs-based and target-oriented design of our website, for example, with tools for analysis and statistics.


- in addressing the website visitors in a targeted manner using interest-based advertisement, e. g. using conversion tracking.


YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO VETO THIS PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA ACCORDING TO ART. 6 (1) LIT. F GDPR, FOR REASONS RELATING TO YOUR PERSONAL SITUATION.


USE OF GOOGLE ANALYTICS.


Our website uses the web analysis service Google Analytics by Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; Google).


Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland) is the data controller responsible for your data if you have your habitual residence in the European Economic Area or Switzerland. Google Ireland Limited is therefore the company affiliated with Google which is responsible for processing your data and for compliance with applicable data protection laws.


The processing of data serves to analyse this website and its visitors. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services to the website operator relating to website and internet use. The IP address communicated by your browser as part of Google Analytics is not associated with any other data held by Google. Google Analytics uses cookies, which make it possible to analyse your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie regarding your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. IP anonymisation is activated on this website. Google uses this to shorten your IP address beforehand within Member States of the European Union or in other signatories to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. Your data may be transmitted to the USA. Following the US-EU Data Protection Agreement, Google has become Privacy Shield certified and is therefore obliged to observe European data protection laws. You can prevent collection of the data (including your IP address) generated by the cookies and related to your use of the website by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link [{removed href} {removed hyperref}? hlen]. You can set an opt-out cookie to prevent collection by Google Analytics across devices. Opt-out cookies prevent the future collection of your data when you visit this website. You need to opt-out on all systems and devices in use for this to work comprehensively. If you click here, the opt-out cookie is set: {removed href} Disable Google Analytics.


You can find more detailed information on the terms and conditions of use and data protection at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. html and at {removed href} {removed hyperref}/? hlen.


USE OF THE REMARKETING OR SIMILAR TARGET GROUPS FUNCTION BY GOOGLE.


Our website uses the remarketing or similar target groups function by Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; Google).


Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland) is the data controller responsible for your data if you have your habitual residence in the European Economic Area or Switzerland. Google Ireland Limited is therefore the company affiliated with Google which is responsible for processing your data and for compliance with applicable data protection laws.


This function serves to analyse visitor behaviour and visitor interests. Google uses cookies to analyse website use, forming the basis for producing interest-related adverts. Cookies allow for the recording of website visits as well as anonymised data on the use of the website. The personal data of website visitors is not saved. If you then visit another website in the Google display network you will then be shown adverts which are more likely to take previous areas of product and information interest into account. Your data may also be transmitted to the USA. Following the US-EU Data Protection Agreement, Google has become Privacy Shield certified and is therefore obliged to observe European data protection laws. For this purpose you can permanently deactivate the use of cookies by following the link below and downloading and installing the plug-in: {removed href} {removed hyperref}? hlen.


Alternatively, you can deactivate the use of cookies by third parties by calling up the Network Advertising Initiative deactivation page at {removed href} {removed hyperref}/ and following the opt-out instructions. You can find more detailed information on Google remarketing as well as the associated data protection declaration at: {removed href} {removed hyperref}/


USE OF GOOGLE ADS CONVERSION TRACKING.


Our website uses the online marketing programme Google Ads, including conversion tracking. Google conversion tracking is a service operated by Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; Google).


Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland) is the data controller responsible for your data if you have your habitual residence in the European Economic Area or Switzerland. Google Ireland Limited is therefore the company affiliated with Google which is responsible for processing your data and for compliance with applicable data protection laws.


If you click on adverts placed by Google, a cookie is placed on your computer for conversion tracking. These cookies have limited validity, do not contain any personal data and thus cannot be used for personal identification. If you visit certain pages on our website and the cookie has not yet expired, we and Google can recognise that you have clicked on the advert and were forwarded to this page. Every Google Ads customer receives a separate cookie. Therefore, it is not possible to track cookies relating to the websites of AdWords customers. The information collected using the conversion cookie serves the purpose of producing conversion statistics. This allows us to find out the total number of users who have clicked on our adverts and were forwarded to a page equipped with a conversion tracking tag. However, they do not receive any information with which could be used to personally identify users. You can prevent the storage of cookies by choosing corresponding technical settings in your internet browser. We would, however, like to point out that this may prevent you from making full use of all the functions of this website. You will then not be included in the conversion tracking {removed hyperref} can also deactivate personalised advertising in Googles advertising settings. You can find an introduction to this at {removed href} {removed hyperref}? hlen You can also deactivate the use of cookies by third parties by calling up the Network Advertising Initiative deactivation page at {removed href} {removed hyperref}/ and following the opt-out {removed hyperref} will find more information as well as Googles data protection declaration at: {removed href} {removed hyperref}/


USE OF GOOGLE ADSENSE.


Our website uses the AdSense function by Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; Google).


Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland) is the data controller responsible for your data if you have your habitual residence in the European Economic Area or Switzerland. Google Ireland Limited is therefore the company affiliated with Google which is responsible for processing your data and for compliance with applicable data protection laws.


This function serves the purpose of renting out advertising space on the website and using these to address visitors to the website with targeted, interest-related advertising. This function displays personalised, interest-related adverts from the Google display network to visitors to the website. Google Analytics uses cookies, which make it possible to analyse your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie regarding your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Following the US-EU Data Protection Agreement, Google has become Privacy Shield certified and is therefore obliged to observe European data protection laws. Google may also transmit this data to third parties if this is required by law or the third party is processing the data on behalf of Google. On no account will Google associate your IP address with other Google data. You can permanently deactivate the use of cookies by following the link below and downloading and installing the plug-in: {removed href} {removed hyperref}? hlen. You can also deactivate the use of cookies by third parties by calling up the Network Advertising Initiative deactivation page at {removed href} {removed hyperref}/ and following the opt-out instructions. You will find more information as well as Googles data protection declaration at: {removed href} {removed hyperref}/, {removed href} {removed hyperref}/


PLUG-INS.


USE OF YOUTUBE.


Our website uses the function for the embedding of YouTube videos provided by Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland; YouTube). YouTube is an affiliated company of Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; Google).


This feature shows YouTube videos in an iFrame on the website. The option advanced privacy mode is enabled here. This prevents YouTube from storing information on visitors to the website. It is only if you watch a video that information is transmitted to and stored by YouTube.


Your data may also be transmitted to the USA. Following the US-EU Data Protection Agreement, Google has become Privacy Shield certified and is therefore obliged to observe European data protection laws.


Further information on the data collected and used by YouTube and Google, your rights and privacy can be found in YouTubes privacy policy ({removed href} {removed hyperref}? hlen).


USE OF GOOGLE RECAPTCHA.


Our website uses the reCAPTCHA service by Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; Google).


Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland) is the data controller responsible for your data if you have your habitual residence in the European Economic Area or Switzerland. Google Ireland Limited is therefore the company affiliated with Google which is responsible for processing your data and for compliance with applicable data protection laws.


The request serves to distinguish whether the input was made by a human or automatic machine processing. For this purpose your input will be transmitted to Google and used by them further. In addition, the IP address and any other data required by Google for the reCAPTCHA service will be transferred to Google. This data will be processed by Google within the EU and potentially also in the USA. Transmission of data to the USA is covered by an adequacy decision by the European Commission, the Privacy Shield. Google participates in Privacy Shield and has submitted to its requirements.


Processing is carried out on the basis of Article 6(1) f) GDPR due to our legitimate interest in protecting our website from automated spying, misuse and SPAM.


You can find more detailed information on Google reCAPTCHA and the associated data protection declaration at: {removed href} {removed hyperref}. html and {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


RIGHTS OF PERSONS AFFECTED AND STORAGE DURATION.


DURATION OF STORAGE.


After contractual processing has been completed, the data is initially stored for the duration of the warranty period, then in accordance with the retention periods prescribed by law, especially tax and commercial law, and then deleted after the period has elapsed, unless you have agreed to further processing and use.


RIGHTS OF THE AFFECTED PERSON.


If the legal requirements are fulfilled, you have the following rights according to art. 15 to 20 GDPR: Right to information, correction, deletion, restriction of processing, data portability. You also have a right of objection against processing based on art. 6 (1) GDPR, and to processing for the purposes of direct marketing, according to art. 21 (1) GDPR.


Contact us at any time. Our contact details can be found in our imprint.


RIGHT TO COMPLAIN TO THE REGULATORY AUTHORITY.


You have the right to complain to the regulatory authority according to art. 77 GDPR if you believe that your data is not being processed legally.


RIGHT TO OBJECT.


If the data processing outlined here is based on our legitimate interests in accordance with Article 6(1) f) GDPR, you have the right for reasons arising from your particular situation to object at any time to the processing of your data with future effect.


If the objection is successful, we will no longer process the personal data, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that outweigh your interests or rights and freedoms, or the processing is intended for the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims.


If personal data is being processed for the purposes of direct advertising, you can object to this at any time by notifying us. If the objection is successful, we will no longer process the personal data for the purposes of direct advertising.


last update: 19. 11. 2018.


