


X.


This website or its third-party tools use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. By closing this banner, scrolling this page, clicking a link or continuing to browse otherwise, you are accepting the use of cookies. Learn more about our {removed href} privacy policy.


Agree.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} PRIVACY POLICY.


{removed href}.


PRIVACY POLICY.


Privacy Security.


This Privacy Policy (the Policy) is effective as of November 21, 2019.


This Policy describes Plano Synergy Holding, Inc. s and its affiliated companies and subsidiaries (collectively Plano Synergy) practices with respect to information it collects and receives from consumers, including the types of information collected, how it is used, and with whom it is shared.


This Policy applies to information we collect from this website and any mobile applications (Apps). It also explains how your personal data is used, shared, and protected, what choices you have relating to your personal data, and how you can contact us. By accessing and using our website, you consent to the collection, maintenance and use of this information by us. If you do not agree to the terms of this policy and do not consent to the collection, use and maintenance of information as described in this Policy, you should leave the website immediately.


INFORMATION COLLECTED.


We may collect the following personal identification information:


{number list}.


{list item} Name.


{list item} Email address.


{list item} Telephone number.


{list item} Mailing address, shipping address and /or billing address.


{list item} Payment information.


{list item} Login and account information, including password (in encrypted form) and user ID.


{list item} Information about product purchases.


{list item} Personal details including gender or purchase history.


{list item} Images, photos or videos you provide us.


{list item} Personal preferences, including marketing preferences.


{list item} Personal opinion, feedback or commentary you provide us.


You provide the Company with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:


{number list}.


{list item} Register online or place an order for any of our products or services.


{list item} Interact with our consumer service department.


{list item} Voluntarily provide reviews, comments or advice on this website.


{list item} Voluntarily complete a customer survey or provide feedback on any of our message boards, social media pages, or via email.


{list item} Use our website(s), via Cookies (see below).


{list item} Email opt-in where you signed up to receive emails from the Company.


{list item} Submitting product ideas.


{list item} Emails opt-in where you signed up at a trade show or Company event.


Collected information may be used to enhance your shopping experience in the following ways:


{number list}.


{list item} Register you as a member.


{list item} Process your order and manage your account.


{list item} Prevent online fraud and fraudulent purchases.


{list item} Process a warranty.


{list item} Respond to your customer service inquiries or requests.


{list item} Email you with special offers on other products and services we think you might like.


{list item} Communicate great values and featured items to you.


{list item} Find and stock the products you want.


{list item} Customize your shopping experience.


{list item} Comply with valid legal procedures, requirements, regulations or statutes.


Plano Synergy, and its affiliates, is responsible for processing your personal data.


PRIVACY OF CHILDREN.


The internet general audience. We do not intentionally collect Personally Identifiable Information (as defined above) from users of this website who are under the age of thirteen (13). If we become aware that a user of our website is under the age of 13 and has provided information to us (e. g., placed an order, entered a sweepstakes, contest or other promotion, etc.) using our website, we will remove that childs personal information from our records. We may use the information to provide notices to the parents of users under the age of 13 where that may be necessary.


SHARING OF COLLECTED INFORMATION.


We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures in place on the website to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Despite our efforts, no website, mobile application, database or system is completely secure or hacker-proof.


We retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes described in this policy, except as may be required by law.


We never sell or rent your personal information to any third parties under any circumstances.


We will share personal customer information and/or purchase history only with our agents, representatives, service providers and contractors for limited purposes, including but not limited to: fulfilling warranty requests; offering certain products and services in connection with this website; communicating to customers; providing customer service; enhancing and improving customers shopping experience; administering or facilitating surveys, contests or sweepstakes; offering targeted marketing communications to users that opt-in to receive such communications; enabling access to our partners websites; providing a personalized shopping experience; completing your purchase transactions; and preventing fraud.


Aside from the purposes described above, we will never share your personal information with any other third parties unless we have your express permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the disclosure is required to prevent harm or injury (such as product recalls, fraud, claims or other liability), or to comply with valid legal processes (subpoenas or warrants) as required by law. We may share aggregated demographic and statistical information with our partners. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.


COOKIES AND REMARKETING.


Through this website, we receive and store certain types of information automatically when you interact with us. This is generally not personally identifiable information, but if it is, it will be treated as such. This information includes Cookies, which include HTML Cookies. HTML Cookies are a small amount of data that is dent to your browser from a webserver and stored on your hard drive which provide a means for us to keep track of your online preferences and patterns. For example, HTLM Cookies enable us to identify returning users and customize your experience to better reflect your interests and preferences. We may also use Flash Cookies, which track a persons internet use across multiple websites and are not deleted or controlled in the same way as HTML Cookies.


Our webserver may also automatically recognize or collect certain information from your computer, such as your domain name, IP address, type of computer, what web browser you are using and the city/state where you are located, your browsing history, the length of your visit, the pages you viewed, your ISP, certain software you may have (e. g. Java), and your computers language setting. An IP Address is assigned to your computer when you use the Internet.


We may use the information we collect for the purposes of system administration, to improve our websites and/or to customize your experience at our website. We may also use such information in the aggregate to analyze website traffic and usage.


The website uses remarketing features that may result in ads being targeted to you on third-party sites. No personally identifiable information will be shared with these third parties under any circumstances, but you may see ads for the website or products affiliated with the Site elsewhere on the Internet. Third parties (such as Amazon) may place and use pixels on the Site to tailor user experiences. Google Analytics may also be enabled. To find out how Google Analytics collects and processes data, see {removed href} {removed hyperref}. To opt out of receiving interest-based ads from Amazon and other third-party websites via remarketing, please visit the Amazon Advertising Preferences page, the Digital Advertising Alliances opt-out page or (for visitors in Canada) the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canadas opt-out page.


CONTROLLING YOUR INFORMATION.


You have the right to request that we change information we are holding on you that is incorrect or incomplete, to request that we change or delete your personal information in our records, to opt out of future communications or revoke consent, or to request information about what information we might have about you, please contact us via the web contact form. {removed href} CONTACT US.


This Website, as defined below, is directed to residents of the United States of America and is not directed to citizens or residents of the European Union, the European Economic Area, or the United Kingdom. Therefore, the processing and collection of data via this website may or may not comply with the General Data Protection Regulation. If you are a resident of the European Union, the European Economic Area, or the United Kingdom; or a citizen of these regions currently residing in one of these regions, DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE.


USING OUR WEBSITES OR APPS WITH THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.


Our websites or apps may allow you to interact with other digital products or services. For example, our websites and apps can integrate with social networks, music streaming services, video streaming services and other digital services.


If you choose so use parts of our websites or apps that interact with such digital services, your privacy rights with respect to those third party platforms will be governed by their respective policies. Linked third party websites and apps have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly recommend you review. To the extent any linked websites or apps are not owned or controlled by us, we are not responsible for their content, any use of those websites or apps, or the privacy practices of those websites or apps.


PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES.


We reserve the right to revise this Policy at any time. When we do, we will give you notice of the revised Privacy Policy by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the website and by revising the effective date.


