


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href}.


CCPA Compliance Privacy Policy.


Last Updated: August 20, 2019.


Amaryllo Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, Amaryllo, we or us) are deemed to operate the {removed href} {removed hyperref}, {removed href} {removed hyperref}, {removed href} {removed hyperref}. {removed href} us, and {removed href} {removed hyperref} or {removed hyperref} sub-domains (each, a Site). We recognize that you care how information about you is used and shared. We have created this Privacy Policy to inform you what information we collect on the Site, how we use your information, and the choices you have about the way your information is collected and used. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. Your use of the Site indicates that you have read and accepted our privacy practices, as outlined in this Privacy Policy. In addition, please read Amaryllos Terms of Service, which also govern your use of this Site. Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy apply to information gathered by us or our subsidiaries, affiliates or agents: (i) through this Site, (ii) where applicable, through our customer service department in connection with this Site, (iii) through information provided to us through our retail partners, and (iv) through information provided to us in conjunction with marketing promotions and sweepstakes.


{REMOVED HREF} 1. UPDAT {REMOVED HREF} ED POLICY LAWFUL BASIS:


{number list}.


{list item} The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) is a {removed href} bill that enhances {removed href} privacy rights and {removed href} consumer protection for residents of {removed href} California, {removed href} United States. The latest Amendments were passed on September 23, 2018. The CCPA becomes effective on January 1, 2020. In an effort to the compliance with customer protection regulation, Amaryllo is updating its Privacy Policy for global users.


{list item} In the following lawful basis, Amaryllo is entitled to collect and use the personal information of our customer:


{number list}.


{list item} Performing the contract we have with you: In certain circumstances, we need your personal data to comply with our contractual obligation to deliver the Services.


{list item} Legal compliance: Sometimes the law says we need to collect and use your data. For example, tax laws require us to retain records of pledges and payments made through our Services.


{list item} Legitimate interests: This is a technical term in data protection law which essentially means we have a good and fair reason to use your data and we do so in ways that do not hurt your interests and rights. We sometimes require your data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way that might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and that does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests. For example, we use identity, device, and location information to prevent fraud and abuse and to keep the Services secure. We may also send you promotional communications about our Services, subject to your right to control whether we do so. We analyze how users interact with our Site so we can understand better what elements of the design are working well and which are not working so well. This allows us to improve and develop the quality of the online experience we offer all our users.


{REMOVED HREF} 2. COLLECTION AND USE:


Pursuant to provisions of CCPA, Amaryllo is responsible to inform our customers with the categories of personal information we might collect and use.


To perform our contractual obligation, optimize the customer experience, and for marketing or customized promotion purpose we might collect Identifiers, Select Information in Customer Records, Geolocation, Internet or Network Activity, Information Typically Detected by the Senses types of personal information.


{number list}.


{list item} When customer order/purchase our products, register an Amaryllo account, download /update software, participate in our online survey, or contact us, Amaryllo may collect information, including but not limited to your name, email address, billing and shipping address, phone number, credit card information or other necessary information to provide our service and to complete the transaction.


{list item} Considering the circumstance you might share your content with or invite family and friends to participate in Amaryllo services, Amaryllo may collect the information you provide, including but not limited to name, email address and phone number. We might use the above information to fulfill your requests, provide the relevant products or services, or for anti-fraud purposes.


{list item} Aside from the previous purpose, We may also actively contact you, in regards to problems or unusual events we detected from your use of the Site, Amaryllo products or services. We will also notify customers of the updates to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. The email address you submit to receive newsletter or promotion might be transferred to and used by our subcontractors to administer these messages, but we do NOT share your email address with spammers or other third parties who are not concerned to be our data processor under commercial relationship, without your consent in advance.


{list item} We may collect information regarding customer activities on the Site and from Amaryllo products and services. Information collected directly by the device, a history of your device settings, and any other data generated from your use of Amaryllo products will be stored in the cloud of the Gmail account you registered with our service.


{list item} While activating your Amaryllo products or other connected device, we may collect information during the setup process and record adjustments you make to the product through the website interface in order to keep operation smooth.


{list item} When you are logged into your Amaryllo account, we record the IP address you visit the website from.


{list item} When you enable the recording or streaming features of your Amaryllo product, we may record and process video and/or audio recordings from the device, subject to your configuration and settings. We may process the capture portion of video clips, analyze them to identify motions or events, and eventually notification or alter might be triggered to you.


{list item} Customers will have full access to video and audio data recorded, data will be retained and available within the duration according to the length of your subscription plan.


{list item} In order to improve your experience over time and help troubleshoot, we record your Amaryllo product model and serial number, software version, and technical information such as Wi-Fi signal strength.


{list item} You may save and share certain video clips, live video streams, images, captions, and comments for other people to access using the Services. We will collect and store information that will allow us to save or share your content as directed by you through the Services.


{list item} To provide the best service, we collect data from sensors built into Amaryllo products, so that our service program could determine whether the environment is not adequately lit and turn on night vision.


The Site may contain links to other websites operated by third parties and may include social media features such as Facebook and Twitter buttons (such as Like, Tweet or Pin). These third-party sites may collect information about you if you click on a link and the social media sites may automatically record information about your browsing behavior every time you visit a site that has a social media button. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the feature, not by our privacy policy. We do not control what information these third parties collect. Please review your privacy settings on your social media sites and think carefully before clicking on links which may take you to a third-party website.


We do not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 13, or the equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, without verifiable parental consent.


{REMOVED HREF} 3. RIGHT TO ACCESS, REQUIRE DELETION, OPT-OUT.


You have a right to access and correct personal information of you, you can submit a request for resubmit to you in a structured and accessible format, correction, restriction on certain use, stop, or deletion of all or part of your personal information. However, we do not in any form sell any personal information of our customers to third parties for revenue, thus the right of opt-out, to ensure personal information will not be sold, is initially and substantially not necessary for Amaryllo to provide.


If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. Without prejudice of any statutory obligation that prevents us from executing your right derived from CCPA, we will endeavor to process your request within a reasonable period after your request has been registered. Please be advised that due to the nature of our service, if you ask to delete or restrict the use of any of your personal information, we may not be able to continue managing your Amaryllo online account and/or providing services to you.


{REMOVED HREF} 4. COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES.


Like many websites, we and our third-party partners analyze log file information and other data collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technology, to collect information about your browsing behavior when you visit our website, including for example, your browser type, domains, page views, IP address, referring/exit pages, information about how you interact with the Sites webpages and with third party links, traffic and usage trends on the service, etc. We use session cookies to keep you logged in while you use features of our web application; these disappear after you close your browser. We also use persistent cookies, which stay in your browser and allow us to recognize you when you return to the Site. We use this to remember your information so you will not have to re-enter it, to better understand how you use our website, to diagnose and fix technology problems, and otherwise enhance our services. In some of our email messages, we use a click-through URL linked to content on the Site. We track this click-through data to help us measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. We also use third-party analytics tools to assist us with analyzing and improving our service. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may be able to change the settings to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you set your browser to reject cookies, parts of the Site may not work for you. Please note, depending on your type of device or browser, it may not be possible to delete or disable all tracking mechanisms on your device.


Online Tracking and Your Choices:


{number list}.


{list item} Because we track website usage information through the use of cookies for analytics and internal purposes only, your selection of the Do Not Track option provided by your browser may not have any effect on our collection of cookie information for these purposes. The only way to completely opt-out of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser or mobile device to delete and disable cookies and other tracking/recording tools. To learn more about cookies, clear gifs/web beacons and related technologies, you may wish to visit {removed hyperref}.


{list item} We permit third-party advertising partners to use cookies and other technology to collect information about your browsing activities over time and across different websites when you use the Site. For example, we use advertising services provided by third-party ad partners to market our services to you on other websites. Through a process called retargeting, each service places a cookie on your browser when you visit the Site so that they can identify you and serve you ads on other sites around the web based on your browsing activity. To avoid tracking by these third-party ad partners, you can change your browser settings to reject cookies or to notify you when cookies are set and you could select the Do Not Track option on your browser, though we have no control over and cannot confirm whether these third-party ad parties honor the Do Not Track browser signal. Additionally, many advertising companies are members of the NAI or DAA and/or provide opt-outs on those industry pages at {removed hyperref} or {removed hyperref}.


{REMOVED HREF} 5. INFORMATION SHARING:


Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. The following are the limited situations where we may share personal information:


{number list}.


{list item} Third parties providing services on our behalf: We may engage third parties to perform services in connection with the operation of our business. Examples of these services include: (a) payment processing and authorization, (b) fraud protection and credit risk reduction, (c) product customization, (d) order fulfillment, (e) shipping, (f) provision of customer service, (g) marketing and promotional material distribution and assistance, (h) Website evaluation, (i) data collection, storage, management, analysis and, where applicable, cleansing, and (j) any other services designed to assist us in maximizing our business potential. They have access to personal information needed to perform their duties and functions.


{list item} For legal reasons: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply the Terms of Service and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Amaryllo, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Policy.


{list item} Promotions: If you choose to enter a contest, sweepstakes, or promotion, your personal information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with such promotion, including without limitation for purposes of posting your entry with attribution or otherwise as permitted in the official rules for the promotion in question, fulfilling your prize or including your name on a winners list. Also, by entering a promotion, we may require you to consent to the use of your personal information or other information, such as name, voice, or likeness, in advertising, promotional and marketing materials. In addition, we may offer certain promotional content, such as a sweepstake, sponsored by or co-branded with a third party, who may obtain the personal information that you submit.


{list item} Corporate change: We reserve the right to disclose, share, or otherwise transfer customer information, including without limitation the personal information, in connection with a corporate merger, acquisition, consolidation, the sale of a portion of our business, or the sale of substantially all of Amaryllos assets, or other fundamental corporate change, whatever form it may take. For clarification and the removal of doubt, Amaryllo specifically reserves the right to transfer or share a copy of personal information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy from the Site, off-line or otherwise, to the buyer of that portion of its business relating to that information.


{list item} Aggregate Information: We may disclose non-identifying, aggregated user statistics to third parties for a variety of purposes, including describing our services to prospective partners and other third parties. Examples of such non-personal information include the number of users who visited the Site during a specific time period or purchased a specific product through the Site.


{list item} With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.


We may share non-personal information (for example, anonymized customer data) publicly and with our partners for any purpose. We take steps to keep this non-personal information from being associated with you and we require our partners to do the same.


{REMOVED HREF} 6. SECURITY:


Amaryllo takes security seriously and cares about the integrity of your personal information. We use commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technological methods to store and transmit your data securely. However, Amaryllo cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat our security measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised within 72 hours of first having become aware of the breach, and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.


International Users: All the information you provide may be transferred or accessed by entities around the world as described in this Privacy Policy. Amaryllo abides by the U. S.-EU Safe Harbor Privacy Framework.


{REMOVED HREF} 7. CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY CONTACT:


We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify, update, add to, discontinue, remove, or otherwise change any portion of this Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, at any time. When we amend this Privacy Policy, we will revise the last updated date located at the top of this Privacy Policy. If you provide information to us or access or use the Website in any way after this Privacy Policy has been changed, you will be deemed to have unconditionally consented and agreed to such changes. The most current version of this Privacy Policy will be available on the Site and will supersede all previous versions of this Privacy Policy.


{list item} {removed href}.


24/7 Professional Monitoring Privacy Policy.


Last Updated: June 11, 2020.


1. DATA COLLECTION AND USAGE.


We may collect and process any of the following information about you and we refer to this as Personal Information throughout this policy:


1. 1 ACCOUNT INFORMATION.


You may give us information about yourself by using the online forms provided on the Website or by contacting us by phone, e-mail or other means.


The information you give us may include: email address, name, mailing address, telephone number, company name, company address, credit card information, account information, and any updates to information provided to us.


Please note that we need certain types of information so that we can provide services to you. If you do not provide us with such information, or if you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access our services. This information may be used for the following purposes:


{number list}.


{list item} to allow you to access and use the Website to register for a professional monitoring service;


{list item} to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us via the website, email, phone call or other channels such as Live Chat;


{list item} to notify you about changes to our products or services and to keep you informed about our fees and charges;


{list item} to take other action you request when you supply the Information.


1. 2 CONTACT INFORMATION This is the information you give us so we could enable monitoring services it may include name, email addresses, telephone number, as well as names and telephone or mobile phone numbers of people designated by you as members of your household, or other people you wish to add to the list of those who shall receive alerts of any emergency on your premises, as well as messaging contacts. Additionally when you use our mobile apps and request us to send you alerts via those apps we will collect the device ID. This information will be used to provide the service(s) you have requested like sending monitoring alerts and reports to the contacts you have configured carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us. 2. DATA RETENTION. We retain Personal Information for as long as you use the services we provide and then as required to comply with applicable laws. 3. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION. We will not sell, hire, lease, rent or in any way share your Personal Information that we collect to any third party except as expressly set forth in this Section. 3. 1 CATEGORIES OF THIRD PARTIES: Any third parties with whom we share your Personal Information are limited (by law and by contract) in their ability to use your Personal Information for any purpose other than to provide services for us. We will always ensure that any third parties with whom we share your Personal Information are subject to privacy and security obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws. We will share your Personal Information with the following categories of third parties: our service providers including but not limited to payment processors and suppliers of live-chat services; analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our Website; 3. 2 OTHER THIRD-PARTY DISCLOSURES.


We will also disclose your Personal Information to third parties:


{number list}.


{list item} if we are under a duty to disclose or share your Personal Information in order to comply with any legal obligation, any lawful request from government or law enforcement officials and as may be required to meet national security or law enforcement requirements or prevent illegal activity;


{list item} in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions or any other agreement or to respond to any claims, to protect our rights or the rights of a third party, to protect the safety of any person or to prevent any illegal activity;


{list item} to protect the rights, property, or safety of Amaryllo, our customers or other persons. This may include exchanging information with other organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.


{list item} {removed href}.


