


Johnson Outdoors Privacy Policy.


EnglishDutch/NederlandsFrench/FrancaisGerman/DeutschItalian/ItalianoSpanish/Espanol.


LAST UPDATED: JANUARY 2, 2020.


This Privacy Policy (the Policy) was updated to make it easier for you to understand what information Johnson Outdoors Inc., its affiliates, and subsidiaries (collectively, Johnson Outdoors or we, us, or our) may collect about you, as well as better inform you of what steps we take to safeguard your information and your options to update, manage and delete your information.


IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA OR SWITZERLAND, YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS UNDER THE EU GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION 2016/679 (GDPR) ARE SET FORTH IN THE SECTION BELOW ENTITLED TERMS APPLICABLE TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA) AND SWISS RESIDENTS.


TABLE OF CONTENTS.


{REMOVED HREF} PRIVACY BASICS.


{REMOVED HREF} WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND WHY?


{REMOVED HREF} HOW ELSE MAY WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?


{REMOVED HREF} WHAT CHOICES DO YOU HAVE WITH REGARD TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?


{REMOVED HREF} WHAT ELSE SHOULD YOU KNOW?


{REMOVED HREF} TERMS APPLICABLE TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA) AND SWISS RESIDENTS.


{REMOVED HREF} CCPA PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS.


{REMOVED HREF} CONTACT INFORMATION.


{removed href}.


PRIVACY BASICS.


Johnson Outdoors is committed to protecting individual privacy and values the confidence of its employees, customers, consumers, business partners and others. This Policy describes the information we collect, how we use and protect that information, and the choices and means you have for limiting the use and disclosure of your personal information. By visiting our websites or using our services or applications, you are accepting the practices described in this Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, please do not use our websites, services, or applications. Additional or separate terms or policies may apply to specific Johnson Outdoors applications or products if specifically referenced in such applications or products.


By using our websites, you also must comply with our Terms and Conditions found {removed href} here (Terms). If you do not agree to our Terms, please do not use our websites.


PROTECTING YOUR PRIVACY.


This Policy applies to all personal information received by Johnson Outdoors in any format including electronic, paper or verbal. Personal information means any information or set of information that directly or indirectly identifies an individual or is used by or on behalf of Johnson Outdoors to identify an individual. Personal information does not include information that is encoded or anonymized, or publicly available information that has not been combined with non-public personal information. Personal Information does not include IP address or location information, unless otherwise required by applicable law.


Except for certain information specifically requested when you apply for employment with Johnson Outdoors, we do not intend to collect sensitive personal information, so please do not send any to us. Sensitive personal information means personal information that reveals race, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, or that concerns an individuals health.


Johnson Outdoors will use personal information only in ways that are compatible with the purpose for which it was collected or as you may subsequently authorize. Johnson Outdoors will take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is relevant to its intended use, accurate, and complete. If we intend to use your personal information in a manner other than those set forth in this Policy, we will inform you of such additional uses at the time you provide the information. In addition, if Johnson Outdoors uses or discloses personal information for a purpose other than that for which it was originally collected or described to you at the point of collection, Johnson Outdoors will provide you notice prior to such new use of personal information, with a reasonable opportunity to object.


If you have any questions about this Policy or the manner in which Johnson Outdoors uses personal information, we encourage you to contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


CONSENT TO COLLECTION AND PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATION IN THE U. S.


Our websites may be operated, in whole or in part, from the United States. By using our websites, you consent to having your personal information transferred to and processed in the United States and other countries that may not guarantee the same of protection of personal information as the European Union (EU) or other jurisdictions.


{removed href}.


WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND WHY?


PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED BY JOHNSON OUTDOORS.


Throughout our websites and applications there are forms that request information from you. These forms typically ask for contact information (such as name, mailing address and email address), membership, login and password information.


When you purchase products or services from us, whether through our websites, store, or over the phone, you are required to provide certain financial information to make the purchase. Financial information includes a credit card or debit card number, security code and other similar information necessary to make a purchase. Johnson Outdoors uses third-party payment processors to fulfill orders placed with us (Payment Processors) and DOES NOT store or process your financial information. The use of financial information by the Payment Processor is governed by their privacy policies and terms of use, not this Policy. Johnson Outdoors does receive certain ordering information necessary to facilitate the transaction, such as your name, mailing address, email address, phone number and other ordering information. We may maintain a record of the purchases that you make.


Some of our websites allow you to submit product reviews. If you choose to submit a review, we will ask you for your name or nickname, location, and email address. Any information posted by users to publicly accessible portions of our websites, including but not limited to product reviews, online forums, bulletin boards, dealer listings or online auction services will be treated by Johnson Outdoors as non-confidential information and may be shared with any third party in compliance with applicable laws.


It is entirely up to you whether to provide us with personal information in using our services. If you elect or opt in to receive communications from us, we will ask for a valid email address and telephone number so we can inform you of other products or services available or to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered. You may opt out of receiving future mailings from Johnson Outdoors by following the procedures detailed in the What Choices Do I Have With Regard to My Personal Information? section located below, on forms located on our website, in emails you receive from us, or by contacting us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


You may be required, or have the option, to create an account (Account) through the websites. In some cases you must create an Account to use certain features of the website, such as for employees or dealers to use our Extranet. In other cases you have the option to create an Account to make future purchasing easier. Additional terms and policies regarding use of your Account information may apply. Your Account information, including personal information, is shared amongst the Johnson Outdoors family of affiliates and subsidiaries. For example, when you sign-up for an Account on any Johnson Outdoors website, that Account information can be used as your Account information on any Johnson Outdoors website.


LIVE CHAT.


Some of our websites contain live chat features. We collect and store your name, email address, phone number and any text you submit or input when you use our live chat feature on the websites. If you use a chat feature while signed into your Account, we may link information from your chat to your Account or profile. All live chats will be treated as non-confidential by Johnson Outdoors.


INFORMATION COLLECTED WHEN YOU USE OUR WEBSITES.


We collect and store certain information automatically whenever you interact with our websites. For example, Johnson Outdoors may use cookies, web beacons or similar files or scripts throughout our websites to enhance your convenience in using our websites, to improve search functionality or to hold information that you would otherwise need to re-key. Cookies are small text files that allow a website to store on a computer an identification code associated with you which can later be retrieved and associated with your visit to the website. Web beacons are small graphics on a webpage or email that monitor your activity when viewing a webpage or email. If you do not wish to accept certain cookies from our websites, you may manage browser cookie settings through your web browser; however, disabling browser cookies may affect the some of the functions available on our websites. You cannot disable all cookies, such as cookies that are essential to the functioning of the websites.


WHY DO WE COLLECT COOKIES? We use cookies to: make our websites function properly; provide personalized experiences; help with our marketing efforts; provide us with valuable data and statistics about the usage and effectiveness of our websites and to help us improve our website, products, and services.


WHAT TYPE OF INFORMATION DO COOKIES COLLECT? The cookies on our websites may collect information such as: IP addresses assigned to the computers and other devices you use; your internet service provider; device ID number; approximate geographic location; browser type; website pages visited; the websites you access before and after visiting the website, and data related to how and when you use the website.


HOW LONG DO COOKIES LAST? Different types of browser cookies last for different periods of time. Session cookies exist only for so long as you are visiting the applicable websites and are typically deleted when you exit your web browser. Persistent cookies exist for a set period of time, regardless of if or when you exit your browser. Flash cookies differ from browser cookies regarding the amount and types of data collected and how the data is stored. Flash cookies cannot be managed by your browsers cookie management tools. To learn about managing your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobes website.


HOW DO WE TREAT INFORMATION GATHERED BY COOKIES? We will treat information gathered by cookies as non-personal information unless otherwise required by applicable law. We may combine information from cookies with other personal information and data obtained from third parties.


WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THIRD-PARTY COOKIES. A third-party cookie allows your web browser to talk to a third-party website, such as the source of an ad that appears on the websites you are visiting or a third-party analytics provider. We do not have control over third-party cookies, and they are not governed by this Policy.


INTERNET BASED ADVERTISING.


Johnson Outdoors uses one or more companies to place advertisements for our products and services on our websites and third-party websites. Information collected by our advertising service providers through cookies and other technologies may include browsing behavior and your response to advertisements. To support this interest-based advertising solution, we, and companies we have contracted with, may use anonymous information about your visits to our and other websites. The information collected and used by this process is always anonymous and does not enable any third-party to identify you individually. Although it is our hope that you find the display of advertising to you based on your anonymous interests valuable, if you would prefer not to participate in the services offered through these solutions, you can always opt-out of this activity by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) website by clicking {removed href} {removed hyperref}./? c1. The opt-out will only apply to the specific browser you have opted-out with.


Johnson Outdoors web servers also collect domain names and/or IP addresses of users to measure what pages and features are accessed by our visitors. Johnson Outdoors uses tools and software such as Google Firebase to collect and analyze this information. This information helps us administer the websites, improve content and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. Johnson Outdoors links IP addresses to personal information submitted to Johnson Outdoors. This information is used to verify whether a visitor has opted in to receiving additional information from Johnson Outdoors.


In addition, the website may also use the advertising services and networks offered by providers of social media platforms, including, without limitation, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, and LinkedIn (Social Media) to deliver advertising content. Use of Social Media services requires Social Media platforms to implement cookies or pixel tags to deliver ads to you while you are accessing the website.


GOOGLE MARKETING PLATFORM.


Our websites use the Google Marketing Platform, a unified marketing and analytics platform provided by Google Inc., to collect information about your use of our websites, which your web browser automatically sends to Google. This information includes the URLs of the websites that you visit and your IP address. Google may also set cookies or read preexisting cookies. This information is stored on Googles servers. Google uses this information to provide us with reports about our website traffic and your visits to our websites (for example, the domain from which you access the Internet, the web address of the website from which you linked to the website, and the date and time of your visit to the websites that you view and click through). We will use this data to improve our websites structure and content. Google may use this data in accordance with its privacy policy, which is located at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. For more information on how Google uses your data, visit {removed href} {removed hyperref}. You may opt out of our use of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out web site at {removed href} {removed hyperref} and installing the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On. Please remember that you will need to opt out for each browser you use.


CALIFORNIA DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURE.


We do not currently honor do not track requests.


SOCIAL MEDIA.


Johnson Outdoors is active on Social Media. You have the opportunity to interact with us on those Social Media platforms regarding Johnson Outdoors and the programs, products and services we offer. Some Social Media platforms provide us with information and data on how people interact with our pages.


Any content you post on a Social Media platform is public information and will be treated as non-confidential. Johnson Outdoors reserves the right to post (or re-post) on its websites and its Social Media pages any comments or content that you post on our Social Media pages. YOU AGREE TO HOLD JOHNSON OUTDOORS HARMLESS AND WITHOUT LIABILITY FOR THE RESULTS OF ANY AND ALL CONTENT YOU POST TO JOHNSON OUTDOORS SOCIAL MEDIA PAGES.


Your use of Social Media platforms, and the collection, use and sharing of personal information on those platforms is governed by the privacy policies and terms of the third parties that own and operate those websites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those third-party Social Media platforms.


CAREERS WITH JOHNSON OUTDOORS.


We collect certain personal information from you when you apply for a job with Johnson Outdoors. If you directly send us a resume or other application materials to apply to work for Johnson Outdoors, we will only use those materials to evaluate your qualifications to work for us, and to otherwise consider or respond to your application. In certain circumstances we may request that you provide certain sensitive information relating to the job application process, such as your race or your status as a veteran. You provide such information at your discretion. Please only provide the minimal sensitive personal information requested.


CHILDREN.


We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under 16. If you have reason to believe that your child under the age of 16 has provided personal information through one of our websites, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} and we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information.


{removed href}.


HOW ELSE MAY WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?


SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION.


Except as described in this Policy, we will not disclose your personal information outside of Johnson Outdoors without your consent.


Johnson Outdoors shares certain personal information with third-party companies that provide services for Johnson Outdoors, such as marketing, analytics, stocking orders, customer service, and fraud protection. These service providers have access only to such personal information needed to perform their functions, pursuant to contractual agreements with Johnson Outdoors, and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of your information.


In certain situations, Johnson Outdoors may forward purchasing and shipping information to vendors and common carriers who ship products or provide similar services directly to consumers. Those vendors are not subject to the terms of this Policy.


The Johnson Outdoors family of affiliates and subsidiaries may share customer and consumer information, including personal information, within our family of companies for its / their business purposes, including to provide you with the latest information about our products and services and offer you our latest promotions.


We may access or disclose information about you, including the content of your communications: (a) in order to comply with the law or respond to lawful requests or legal process, including but not limited to those made under our DMCA Policy; (b) to the extent permitted by applicable law, rule, or regulation; or (c) to our professional advisors to the extent reasonably necessary to assist them in providing their professional services to us.


In the event the website(s) change ownership, in whole or in part, or in the event of a bankruptcy, we may provide your personal information to the subsequent owner(s).


NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION.


Johnson Outdoors and its licensors are the sole and exclusive owners of any information collected or created that does not qualify as personal information (including, for example, de-identified personal information) and can use or share such information for any purposes, in compliance with applicable laws.


RETENTION AND STORAGE OF, AND ACCESS TO, PERSONAL INFORMATION.


Johnson Outdoors retains your personal information for business purposes for as long as your Account is active and/or as long as is reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which you provided it. Johnson Outdoors will also retain your personal information as reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We may also retain cached or archived copies of your personal information for a reasonable period of time.


{removed href}.


WHAT CHOICES DO YOU HAVE WITH REGARD TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?


You may request copies of or have Johnson Outdoors make changes, corrections, or deletions to certain personal information in Johnson Outdoors possession by contacting Johnson Outdoors at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. You may opt out of receiving further communications from us on forms located on our website, in emails you receive from us, or through any of the methods identified in the Contact Information section at the end of this Policy. No fee will be charged for such requests. Johnson Outdoors will make reasonable efforts to comply with your request to delete your personal information unless we have a business or legal purpose to retain such information. We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical.


CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS. Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798. 83, if you are a California resident, you have the right to obtain: (a) a list of all third parties to whom we may have disclosed your personal information within the past year for direct marketing purposes, and (b) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed, by emailing {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


{removed href}.


WHAT ELSE SHOULD YOU KNOW?


SECURITY.


We are committed to preventing others from unauthorized access to the personal information you provide to us and have put in place reasonable technical and organizational security measures to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of personal information under our control. Nevertheless, such security measures cannot prevent all loss, misuse or alteration of personal information and we are not responsible for any damages or liabilities relating to any such incidents to the fullest extent permitted by law. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT NO DATA TRANSMISSION OVER THE INTERNET OR A MOBILE DEVICE CAN BE GUARANTEED TO BE 100 SECURE. WHILE WE STRIVE TO PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THE SECURITY OF ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION AND YOU PROVIDE SUCH PERSONAL INFORMATION AT YOUR OWN RISK.


In the case of a data breach, we will notify you of any loss, misuse or alteration of personal information that may affect you, if required by applicable law. In addition, we will notify relevant regulatory bodies, if required by applicable law, within the timeframe required by the applicable data protection laws.


Johnson Outdoors does not send emails to customers requesting billing, login or password information. If you receive any suspicious emails purporting to be from us, please let us know.


Johnson Outdoors conducts compliance audits of its relevant privacy practices to verify adherence to this Policy. Any employee that is determined to be in violation of this Policy will be subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment.


LINKS.


Johnson Outdoors websites may contain links to other websites not affiliated with Johnson Outdoors, including websites of Johnson Outdoors vendors and service providers. These other websites are governed by separate privacy policies and terms and conditions that may be different from ours. Johnson Outdoors is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites. By including links to other websites, we neither endorse such websites nor guarantee that the information they contain is accurate. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our websites to read the privacy statements of every linked website.


MONITORING.


Johnson Outdoors is under no obligation to monitor the conduct of its website users, but it may investigate and respond if violations are reported. Johnson Outdoors reserves the right to delete, remove or exclude any listing or information, in its sole discretion, that does not meet its intent and guidelines for the services offered on our websites.


CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.


We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time without prior notice. When we post changes to this Policy, we will revise the last updated date at the top of this page. Any changes to the Policy will be effective immediately upon posting. We encourage you to periodically review this Policy to remain informed of what we are doing to protect your personal information.


GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION.


This Policy, and Johnson Outdoors collection and use of personal information, shall be governed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the United States and the state of Wisconsin. Any disputes arising out of or relating to this Policy shall be adjudicated exclusively in a state or federal court of competent jurisdiction in the Eastern District of the state of Wisconsin. You consent to jurisdiction in such courts.


GOVERNING LANGUAGE.


Any translation of this Policy is done for local requirements and in the event of a dispute between the English and any non-English versions, the English version of this Policy shall govern to the fullest extent permitted by law.


******************************************************************************


{removed href}.


TERMS APPLICABLE TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA) AND SWISS RESIDENTS.


Because we are a global business, this section provides information and additional terms that apply regarding Johnson Outdoors Processing of Personal Data of persons located in the EEA, including the European Union (EU), in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR). In addition, if you are a resident of Switzerland, your Personal Data will be treated in accordance with the terms of this Section, except to the extent otherwise required by the Swiss Federal Data Protection Act. Any reference to the EEA in this section is intended to include Switzerland.


In order to be able to offer our products and services and provide you with information you may request (such as direct-email marketing materials), we may need to transfer your Personal Data outside the EEA. For example, if you choose to provide Personal Data to us, we may transfer and store that information on our servers located in the United States, the country in which the parent company of our multi-national organization is headquartered, pursuant to GDPR Articles 13(1) (f) and 46. Because the United States may not guarantee the same of protection of personal information as the EU or other jurisdictions, Johnson Outdoors Inc. and its subsidiaries have executed EU standard contractual data protection clauses or their successor to ensure appropriate safeguards for Personal Data (as defined below).


A) DEFINITIONS. The terms Personal Data and Processing have the same meanings set forth under the GDPR. Those definitions are set forth below for your convenience:


PERSONAL DATA means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (data subject).


PROCESSING means any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.


B) PERMITTED BASES FOR PROCESSING. Johnson Outdoors will only Process your Personal Data if: (i) it has received your express opt-in consent for such Processing, (ii) the Processing is necessary for performance of a contract, (iii) the Processing is necessary for a legal obligation to which Johnson Outdoors is subject, (iv) the Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject, (v) the Processing is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, or (vi) if Johnson Outdoors or a third party has a legitimate interest that is not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject.


See the table below for additional details on the Processing of Personal Data. Note that if Johnson Outdoors is required to Process Personal Data for reasons (iii), (iv) or (v) above, those reasons may not be known to Johnson Outdoors today and may not be listed below.


JOHNSON OUTDOORS PURPOSE FOR PROCESSING.


LEGAL BASIS FOR THE PROCESSING.


CATEGORY OF PERSONAL DATA.


WHEN YOU REGISTER AND MAINTAIN AN ACCOUNT: To register and manage your Account; allow you to track the status of your orders; and allow you to access the Johnson Outdoors Extranet.


Consent and/or contract (depending on the data subject) (GDPR Art. 6(1) (a) or (b)).


Personal data (contact information, business contact information).


WHEN YOU REQUEST INFORMATION OR PROVIDE INFORMATION ONLINE, OVER THE PHONE OR THROUGH THE MAIL: To address or respond to your requests, questions or concerns; when you sign-up to receive emails, promotions or our newsletter; to speak with you via live chat, phone or email; to process your rebates; customer or technical service; or other similar activities.


Consent (if collected through an online form to sign up to receive emails or other promotional materials) (GDPR Art. 6(1) (a)).


The aforementioned legitimate interest (if you contact us through another method or for other purposes): to provide you with information or services you request (GDPR Art. 6(1) (f)).


Personal data (contact information).


WHEN YOU APPLY FOR EMPLOYMENT: To evaluate applications for employment; to conduct employment-related due diligence, such as contacting references.


The aforementioned legitimate interest, contract, and legal obligation: to evaluate your employment candidacy (GDPR Art. 6(1) (b), (c), (f), Art. 88).


Consent: to contact references you provide (GDPR Art. 6(1) (a)).


Personal data (contact information and employment related information such as resumes, past job experience, education, job references; etc.).


PURCHASES: To sell you products and process transactions you make through the website, over the phone or through any other method, and including to manage shipping, collections, returns and order fulfillment.


Contractual necessity: for managing order fulfillments, shipping, and returns (GDPR Art. 6(1) (b)).


Personal Data (contact information) Financial Information (for purchases made over the phone).


WEBSITE ADMINISTRATION: To administer our websites (for example: troubleshooting, system maintenance, respond to DMCA requests, and data analysis).


Legitimate interest set forth in the Purpose for Processing (GDPR Art. 6(1) (f)).


Personal Data (contact information); Cookies; De-Identified and/or aggregated data.


ANALYTICS AND MARKETING: To analyze and improve our websites and features of our websites and content on the websites; to provide direct marketing to you about our products, services and website.


The aforementioned legitimate interest (analytics and direct marketing through cookies) (GDPR Art. 6(1) (f)).


And.


Consent (direct marketing through email) (GDPR Art. 6(1) (a)).


Personal Data (contact information); Cookies;


De-Identified and/or aggregated data.


SOCIAL MEDIA: To engage with our customers, prospective customers and the community about our products, services and brand, and if required, take actions to maintain the quality of the brand in the market.


The aforementioned legitimate interest (GDPR Art. 6(1) (f)).


Personal Data (contact information and any other information provided by you through social media); Cookies; De-Identified Data.


FACEBOOK PAGES: To present activities, special offers, and our range of products and services, and generally to communicate with you through our Facebook page.


The aforementioned legitimate interest (GDPR Art. 6(1) (f)).


Personal Data (contact information and any other information provided by you through social media); Cookies; De-Identified Data. For all visitors (whether or not you are a registered Facebook user), Facebook automatically determines the users IP address and sets a cookie, which identifies the web browser that establishes the connection to the Facebook page and is used for the purposes of advertising, analysis, creation of personalized advertisements, creation of user profiles, and market research. If you are registered and logged in to Facebook when you visit our page, Facebook activates an additional cookie that links your visit to our page to your personal user account, enabling Facebook to track your user behavior by storing and analyzing data across all of your devices.


In addition, we process the following data from our Facebook page: Communication content such as messages and comments; Like-information; Profile information such as images; and other information you post. The above-mentioned data may include special categories of personal data, the processing of which is privileged under GDPR Art. 9(2) (e).


FACEBOOK INSIGHTS: To make posts and activities on our Facebook page more attractive, useful, and relevant to users. For example, we use the age and gender distributions to tailor the way we interact with users and the preferred times they visit us to optimize the scheduling of our posts. Information about the type of end devices used by visitors helps us to adjust the visual design of our contributions accordingly.


The aforementioned legitimate interest (GDPR Art. 6(1) (f)).


Facebook currently collects and provides the following types of data for page fans, subscribers, reached persons, and interacting persons: Total number of page views, Like information, page activity, post interactions, reach, video views, post reach, comments, shared content, responses, percentage of men and women, country and city origin, language, shop views and clicks, route planner clicks, phone number clicks. This also provides data on the Facebook groups linked to our Facebook page.


C) RIGHT TO WITHDRAW CONSENT. In the event you provide your consent for us to Process your Personal Data, you may withdraw your consent at any time by emailing {removed href} {removed hyperref} to request such change at no cost. Please note that the withdrawal of consent shall only apply to prevent future processing of your Personal Data; it will not apply to Personal Data processed based on consent provided before withdrawal.


D) MARKETING. Johnson Outdoors does not Process Personal Data for the purpose of marketing without first obtaining your express, opt-in consent or having a legitimate interest for doing so. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA FOR MARKETING PURPOSES AT ANY TIME BY CONTACTING US AT {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


E) DATA COLLECTED NOT FROM THE DATA SUBJECT. We sometimes collect Personal Data from third-party sources and not the data subject themselves. For example, we receive Personal Data about third-parties when job applicants provide references. We only use employment reference information provided by a Data Subject for the purpose of employment verification.


F) YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES. You may have the following rights under the GDPR, although some exceptions apply. We will comply with any requests made relating to the following rights if required by applicable law. We may require you to prove your identity before honoring any request you make with regard to your Personal Data.


I) RIGHT OF ACCESS - You have the right to be informed of and request access to the Personal Data we Process about you. This allows you to receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you.


II) RIGHT TO RECTIFICATION - You have the right to request that we amend or update inaccurate or incomplete Personal Data.


III) RIGHT TO ERASURE (DELETION) - Under certain circumstances, you have the right to request deletion of your Personal Data.


IV) RIGHT TO RESTRICT - Under certain circumstances, you have the right to request that we temporarily or permanently stop Processing all or some of your Personal Data.


V) RIGHT TO OBJECT - Under certain circumstances, you have the right to object to Johnson Outdoors Processing Personal Data, such as for direct marketing purposes or when Automated Decision making is used.


VI) RIGHT TO DATA PORTABILITY - You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data in electronic format and further request that we send such Personal Data to another party.


VII) COMMUNICATION PREFERENCES AND OPT-OUTS - You have the right to stop receiving communications from us at any time by contacting {removed href} {removed hyperref}, at no additional cost.


VIII) RIGHT TO LODGE A COMPLAINT - You have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable supervisory authority. Although you are not legally required to do so, we ask that you first contact us so we can make reasonable efforts to address your complaint.


G) THE CONSEQUENCES OF NOT PROVIDING PERSONAL DATA. Johnson Outdoors will not be able to provide certain services to you without Processing certain Personal Data such as Processing job applications or orders. Furthermore, if you turn off certain tracking devices or decline certain cookies on our websites, certain features of the websites may not work.


H) TRANSFER TO THIRD PARTIES AND COUNTRIES. Personal data that we collect or receive may be transferred to and/or Processed by third parties that are located outside of the EEA. In particular, this would include processing of Personal Data that you provide when you sign up to receive emails, promotions, or our newsletters. For a description of the categories of third parties who may receive or process your Personal Data, please see the section of the Privacy Policy entitled SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION.


Johnson Outdoors will only transfer the Personal Data of EU data subjects to third parties located outside of the EU when it has ensured appropriate safeguards for such Personal Data, either through (i) the standard contractual clauses or their successor; (ii) verification that such third-party is EU-US Privacy Shield certified (in the case of the United States); (iii) binding corporate rules / resolutions; or (iv) any other legally permitted method.


You may request a copy (which may be provided as a summary) of any such appropriate safeguards or seek inquiries regarding such safeguards by contacting us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}. We will respond to your request or inquiry within a reasonable period of time.


I) PERIOD OF DATA RETENTION. We retain your data only for as long as required to achieve the purposes for which the data were collected and being processed or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations.


J) FACEBOOK.


FACEBOOK INSIGHTS. Facebook Insights provide statistical data of different categories for the operators of our page. These statistics are generated and made available by Facebook. We cannot turn this function off or prevent the generation and processing of data through Facebook Insights. Further information can be found here: {removed href} {removed hyperref}? helprefsearchsr15queryinsights.


As operators of a page on Facebook in the EU, we are subject to Facebook Ireland Ltd. s Page Insights Controller Addendum. The Addendum, which describes shared obligations we have with Facebook in the processing of your data, is available at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


ADDITIONAL INFORMATION. In the event that personal data is transferred to the USA, Facebook has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield. If we process your Personal Data when operating our Facebook page, you are entitled to the rights stated in this Privacy Policy, but you may also wish to assert your rights against Facebook by contacting it directly.


DUE TO THE CONSTANT DEVELOPMENT OF FACEBOOK, THE WAYS IN WHICH AND PURPOSES FOR WHICH YOUR DATA IS PROCESSED ON FACEBOOK MAY CHANGE FROM TIME TO TIME. TO BE INFORMED OF THE MOST UPDATED INFORMATION, PLEASE REFER TO FACEBOOKS PRIVACY POLICY: {REMOVED HREF} {removed hyperref}/.


******************************************************************************


{removed href}.


CCPA PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS.


This PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS supplements the information contained elsewhere in our Privacy Policy and applies solely to consumers who reside in the State of California (consumers or you). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA).


Information We Collect.


We collect certain information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (PERSONAL INFORMATION).


In the last twelve months, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers:


IDENTIFIERS, such as real name, alias, postal address, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name.


PERSONAL INFORMATION CATEGORIES LISTED IN THE CALIFORNIA CUSTOMER RECORDS STATUTE, such as name and contact information.


COMMERCIAL INFORMATION, such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.


SENSORY DATA, such as audio, electronic, or similar information (e. g., records of customer service calls).


INTERNET OR OTHER SIMILAR NETWORK ACTIVITY, such as browsing history, search history, information on a consumers interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.


GEOLOCATION DATA, such as physical location or movements.


{number list}.


{list item} SOURCES AND PURPOSES OF COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


{list item} The sources from which we collect personal information, the business purposes for which we collect that personal information, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information for business purposes are described in the above sections of our Privacy Policy entitled WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND WHY and HOW ELSE MAY WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.


Sales of Personal Information.


In the last twelve months, we have not sold personal information.


DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR BUSINESS PURPOSES.


In the last twelve months, we have disclosed the above-identified categories of personal information to third parties for business purposes.


Your Rights and Choices Under the CCPA.


YOUR RIGHT TO ACCESS TO SPECIFIC INFORMATION AND TO DATA PORTABILITY.


You have the right to request that we disclose to you the following information about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months:


{number list}.


{list item} The categories of personal information we collected about you.


{list item} The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.


{list item} Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information.


{list item} The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.


{list item} The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).


YOUR RIGHT TO REQUEST DELETION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.


You have the right to request that we delete personal information that we collected from you, although we may deny or limit your request under certain circumstances, including if we need to retain the information to exercise legal rights, comply with legal obligations, administer our business, or otherwise use the information internally in a lawful manner compatible with the context in which you provided it to us.


EXERCISING ACCESS, DATA PORTABILITY, AND DELETION RIGHTS.


To exercise your rights to access, data portability, or deletion, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:


{number list}.


{list item} Calling us toll-free at 833-904-0891;


{list item} Completing the Contact Us form at {removed href} {removed hyperref}; or.


{list item} Emailing us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


In order to enable us to consider your request, the request must:


{number list}.


{list item} BE VERIFIABLE: You must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; and.


{list item} BE SPECIFIC: You must describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.


{list item} BE MADE BY AN AUTHORIZED INDIVIDUAL: Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a consumer request on behalf of your minor child.


We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify (1) your identity; (2) your authority to make the request on behalf of someone else; or (3) that the personal information relates to you.


You may only make a consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period.


RESPONSE TIMING AND FORMAT.


We try to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.


We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option, to the extent the information is reasonably capable of delivery by your requested method.


Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of a verifiable request. If we cannot comply with a request, we will tell you why.


We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive or repetitive. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.


Non-Discrimination.


We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights, by (1) Denying you goods or services; (2) Charging you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties; (3) Providing you with a different level or quality of goods or services; or (4) Suggesting that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.


We may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that CAN RESULT in different prices, rates, or quality levels (e. g, one-time discounts for signing up to receive marketing emails). Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.


******************************************************************************


{removed href}.


CONTACT INFORMATION.


If you have any questions about this Policy or your rights and choices under it, please contact us with your request through any of the below methods. We will respond to your request within a reasonable period of time.


By Mail:


DATA CONTROLLER: Johnson Outdoors Inc.


Attn: Director, Business Solutions.


555 Main Street.


Racine WI 53403.


United States of America.


By Email: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


By Telephone: 262-631-6600.


You are here.


{removed href} Home Johnson Outdoors Privacy Policy.


