


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} PRIVACY POLICY.


{removed href}.


Privacy Policy.


{removed href} Privacy Policy.


{number list}.


{list item} Omnipresent Retail India Private Limited (ORIPL) acknowledge your faith and we endeavor to maintain and secure your privacy at highest standards. ORIPL recognizes that your privacy is important to you and that you have a right to keep your personal information confidential. ORIPL warrants that the information about you is used and shared for the purpose of increasing your shopping experience better. ORIPL appreciates your trust and uses the information carefully and sensibly. ORIPL may change its privacy policy from time to time and may display the same on their website. Your visit on the website is deemed to be your acceptance for the terms and conditions and practices described in privacy policy and in case you disapprove the terms and conditions then you should immediately cease to use the website. Our objective is to have a better shopping experience to our customers and customers of our affiliates. The Privacy Policy is to be read with Terms of use.


{list item} ORIPL may collect the name, mobile number, age, email address and demographic information of the user / customer. This notice denotes illustrative list of our privacy policy. Please note the privacy policy is subject to change from time to time, you are requested to visit the site at regular intervals.


{list item} What we collect: ORIPL receives and stores the information you entered on website. You will be having sole right to provide the information and you are not under any obligation to provide any other information, except the details required for delivery. The information will be used for responding to your requests and attending your calls. ORIPL may use the information pertaining to demographic and profile to address any issues relating to service and sale and also to increase your shopping experience.


{list item} Please note that you can choose not to divulge any information. However, you will not be able to use the features or services. The information is collected only to provide a delightful customer experience based on the behavior and purchase pattern of the customer. If you post any message, complaint, feedback then we retain the information to redress the disputes and to provide a resolution. The personal details like email address, name, phone number, credit debit card information are generally collected. Any sensitive personal information is collected is for the lawful purpose and shall be used for the purpose for which it is collected.


{list item} Information and Sharing of information: We collect your information relating to your profile in order to improve our service and offerings, during the process we identify your IP address to collect information. We use this information to customize our offerings to your specific needs. We are free to disclose the information to any law enforcement authority during course of their requirement or as it may require under any law in force. The information may also used by our group companies to provide you their offerings. We may also share your information to our affiliate companies for better customer satisfaction.


{list item} Grievance Officer under Information Technology Act 2000 Name: Arpita Chatterjee, Designation: Senior Manager Customer Care, Email ID: {removed hyperref}, Contact no: 033-24871195, Address: RPSG House, 2/4 Judges Court Road, Alipore, Kolkata 700 027 In case of any complaints as a result of access or usage of the instant website you can reach out to the above person.


