


Privacy Policy.


{removed hyperref} HOSTED BY A YAHOO SERVER WITH THE LEADING SECURITY TECHNOLOGY IN THE INDUSTRY. YOUR ORDER WITH AMBERY IS SECURE, WHICH MEANS THAT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND CREDIT CARD NUMBER ARE ENCRYPTED WITH SECURE SOCKETS LAYER (SSL) SECURITY. SINCE CREDIT CARD AND PERSONAL INFORMATION IS ONLY ENTERED ON THE ORDER FORM, ONLY THE ORDER FORMS AND SHOPPING BASKET ARE SECURE.


The secured pages will show a secured URL (https://) and a lock sign on your browser. When you enter your credit card number into the Order Form, it is transmitted across the Internet in an encrypted (scrambled) form, then decoded when it gets to the server. For added security, we also encrypt the credit card number when it is stored on disk, and when it is forwarded to us. All credit card numbers are automatically deleted from our server after 30 days.


If you are not the kind of person who worries about being hit by lightning as youre crossing the street, you probably dont have to worry that your credit card number will be intercepted on the way to a secure Web site. According to CNN, The prevalent opinion... is that on-line credit card use is actually no riskier for consumers than traditional low-tech transactions. We order products online all the time, both as a company and as individuals. When we use a credit card to buy something online, we feel at least as safe as we would using one in a store or restaurant.


Additionally, your credit card information is not transmitted via e-mail, which is not encrypted. Our online credit-card processing software does not allow more than one charge to the same credit card number or for the same order number.


If you just dont feel comfortable with placing credit card numbers through the Internet no matter what, we would suggest you to call us and we could then charge your credit card manually for complete transaction for you offline.


Should you have any problem with your credit card charge, you can always depend on our prompt attention and service to resolve the problem. You may also dispute charges with your credit card company, which will however result in a 25 charge for investigation purposes.


We respect our customers privacy! Ambery WILL NOT share ANY customer information or database with ANY other company or identity. We do not use cookies to collect personal information from visitors to our web site. What are cookies? A cookie is a bit of digital information that some web sites send and store on your computer so they can remember who you are on a subsequent visit. We do not believe in or practice spamming. All the info is under strict control.


Third-Party Web Beacons: Yahoo! uses third-party web beacons to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website. Yahoo! may also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites in order to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Yahoo!, {removed href} click here.


