


APR Supply - Privacy Policy.


Last updated: 9/1/2019.


APR Supply Co (us, we, or our) operates {removed href} {removed hyperref} (the Site). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.


We use your Personal Information for developing and improving the Site, differentiating you from other users, analyze purchasing trends and patterns, and to provide information necessary to conduct business with us. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.


INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE.


While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. We may collect and process the following personal data about you:


{number list}.


{list item} Data that you provide by filling in forms on our website at {removed hyperref} and any other website operated by or for us (our website(s)). This includes information provided at the time of registering with our website, placing orders and upon submitting comments.


{list item} Details of transactions you carry out through our website and of the fulfilment of your orders.


{list item} Records of correspondence if you contact us.


{list item} Details of your visits to our website. We may also collect other information including, but not limited to, your IP address, your web browser, traffic data and location data.


{list item} We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.


{list item} Data that you provide when you request to receive catalogues, promotional materials and information, or when you enter contests, sweepstakes or promotions.


{list item} Records that we maintain of the items you purchase from us.


Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name, postal address, telephone number, email address, social security number, credit card information, your date of birth, product preferences as well as other personal information. You are not required to provide any personal data to us, but without such data we cannot process your order for products or send you communications and you may not be able to access our offers or enter into our promotions.


LOG DATA.


Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (Log Data).


This Log Data may include information such as your computers Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.


We may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze your interacions with our site.


COOKIES.


Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computers hard drive. Like many sites, we use cookies to collect information. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website.


You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.


SECURITY.


The security of your Personal Information is important to us, however, remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100 secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.


CHILDRENS ONLINE PRIVACY.


Our web site is offered to the general public. If you are under 13 years old, we do not allow you to register with us. We do not market or send emails to anyone who tells us that they are under the age of 13. Children under the age of 13 should always ask their parents or guardians for permission before accessing our website.


WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA.


The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination separate from our company. It may also be processed by staff who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of payment details and the provision of support services.


All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers or secure servers our cloud services partners. Any payment transactions will be processed by us or a third party supplier that is providing these services to us. Where we have given you, or where you have chosen, a password which enables you to access certain parts of our website you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.


We may combine your personal data provided online with data you provide to us in our stores or through our marketing efforts. Additionally, your personal data may be added to other information about you available from public sources, as well as information shared with us by any partners. We combine the personal data in order to better inform you about products and services that you may be interested in and to provide you with more personalized service.


Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use reasonable security procedures and features to try to prevent unauthorized access.


USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION.


We use information held about you in the following ways:


{number list}.


{list item} To process your orders and carry out our obligations arising from any orders or contracts entered into between you and us.


{list item} To provide you with information, products or services that you require from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.


{list item} To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.


{list item} If you are an existing customer or we have a business relationship with you, we may contact you by email or SMS with information about our goods and services.


{list item} We may use your Personal Information to communicate newsletters, marketing or promotional materials.


If you do not want us to use your data in this way, please contact us with your specific request at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


We, nor any third party affiliate we use, will not sell or distribute your personal information for gain or profit and use it internal.


DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION.


We may disclose your personal information to any of our affiliates. We may disclose your personal information to third parties under certain circumstances, including:


{number list}.


{list item} In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.


{list item} If we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets.


{list item} If we engage a third party to perform certain services such as processing credit card payments, shipping, IT, managing contact information and promotions. We will provide the third party with the information needed for them to perform services for us and require them to adhere to privacy practices that are consistent with ours.


{list item} Your personal data may be shared with our affiliates, including those outside the U. S.


{list item} If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our website terms of use, or sale agreements or other agreements; or to protect our rights, property, or safety or the rights, property or safety of our affiliates, our customers, our employees or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.


CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.


This Privacy Policy is effective as of 9/1/2019 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.


We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.


If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.


SSN PRIVACY PROTECTION POLICY.


It is the policy of APR Supply Co and its affiliates (collectively, APR Supply, we, us or our) to protect the confidentiality of all social security numbers obtained by us, including but not limited to, those obtained from job applicants, clients, suppliers, vendors, consultants, and others, in the course of our business. Further, it is our policy to prohibit the unlawful disclosure of such social security numbers and to limit access to them. All of our documents and records containing social security numbers will be kept in a secure environment. Access to such documents and records will be limited to our employees and agents with a need to know and are under an obligation to us to keep the social security numbers in accordance with this Policy. Any documents, records or computer files that contain social security numbers will be destroyed, erased or rendered unreadable before disposing of them. All our of executives, managers and employees are expected to comply with this policy and with any procedures adopted by the Firm from time to time to implement it.


CONTACT US.


If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


