


Privacy Policy.


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


Privacy Policy.


Paradigm Health and Wellness, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather about you when you visit {removed hyperref} Site and describes how we use that information.


If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Notice, please e-mail us at {removed hyperref}.


{removed hyperref} PRIVACY NOTICE.


By visiting {removed hyperref} you agree to accept the practices described in this Privacy Notice.


CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE AND TERMS OF USE:


This Privacy Notice and our Terms of Use will change over time and the use of information which we gather now is subject to these Notices and Terms as modified. Please check this page periodically as you continue to use our site to see if any changes have been made.


INFORMATION COLLECTED BY PARADIGM:


Paradigm uses information that we collect from our visitors to personalize and improve your visit at {removed hyperref}. We gather the following types of information:


INFORMATION YOU GIVE US: Paradigm collects any information which you enter on our Web site. This information is normally provided when you search, buy, participate in our on-line survey, or when you communicate with any of our departments such as customer service, sales or technical services through our Web site, telephone, mail or fax. You also provide information when you establish an account with us. Examples of the type of information you may supply us with include your name, address, telephone number, credit card information, e-mail addresses, and financial information.


AUTOMATIC INFORMATION COLLECTED BY US: Whenever you visit our Web site we collect and store information such as cookies which remember information about a visitor from one page to the next and from one visit to the next. We collect the IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet; computer and connection information such as your browser type; purchase history; confirmation when you open e-mail that we send you; the URLs which lead you to and around our Web site including the date and time; the pages and or products you viewed or searched for and the phone number used to call our voice telephone numbers. Your browser allows you to reject cookies and software is available from third parties which will allow you to visit our Web site without providing this information. You are welcomed at our Web site if you use this software.


ORDERS: If you place an order, we use an order form which requires you to provide contact, billing, and financial information. This information is transmitted to your credit card company to authorize your purchase.


SHARING OF INFORMATION WITH THIRD-PARTIES:


Credit card companies and shippers: When you buy something from us we send your credit card information, name, billing address, the amount of your purchase, etc. to your credit card company to verify and authorize the purchase. Your name, telephone number and shipping information must be provided to third party shippers such as Federal Express and other carriers and shippers.


AFFILIATED BUSINESSES OF PARADIGM HEALTH WELLNESS, INC.: We may share any information that you supply to us with any affiliated business that is substantially controlled by Paradigm. Any information that is shared this way will be subject to this Privacy Notice.


INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS: We may employ other companies or individuals to provide certain services to us such as sending e-mail, analyzing customer lists and data, providing marketing assistance, or consulting services. These third parties will have access to the information needed to perform their functions but cannot use that information for any other purpose.


LINK TO THIRD PARTY SITE: Our Web site may contain links to third party sites. Paradigm is not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or content found on these sites. We suggest that you check the Privacy Notice of each site you visit.


LAW ENFORCEMENT AND PROTECTION OF USERS:


We will release personally identifiable information to third parties and organizations when we believe it is appropriate for us to do so to comply with the law. We will also do so to cooperate with law enforcement investigations, to comply with court orders or subpoenas, to protect our legal rights and that of our users, or when we believe it is needed for fraud protection and/ or credit risk reduction.


BUSINESS TRANSFER:


In the event that Paradigm is sold or has substantially all of its assets acquired or merges or becomes affiliated with any other individual or entity, any customer information owned or under the control of Paradigm may be one of the transferred assets.


CHILDRENS ONLINE POLICY.


Paradigm is committed to the preservation of online privacy for all of its web site visitors, including children. Consistent with the Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act, we will not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. Paradigm sells products intended for purchase by adults. If you make a purchase on {removed hyperref}, you are representing that you are an adult. If you are a child under the age of 13, you must ask your parent or guardian to assist you in using {removed hyperref}.


