


Privacy Policy.


LAST UPDATED: SEPTEMBER 27, 2018.


This Privacy Policy explains how EZVIZ Inc. (EZVIZ, we, our, us) as data controller handles personal information about you that we collect when you visit our website {removed hyperref}/, including any content and services offered on, by or through it (collectively, the Site).


This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information collected by us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by us or our affiliates, or to information collected by any third party. The Site may contain links to third party websites. Your personal information might be collected by such third party when you are using its services; therefore, EZVIZ encourages you to learn about the privacy practices of such third party.


We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time, provided certain provisions of this Privacy Policy prove to be incomplete or outdated and further provided that these changes are reasonable for you, taking into account your interests. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post such changes and the updated one on the Site. You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the date it was Last Updated above.


PLEASE REVIEW THIS PRIVACY POLICY BEFORE USING THE SITE.


1. What Information We Collect.


When you use the Site, EZVIZ may collect certain personal information about you as described in this Privacy Policy. The information can be divided into information that you provide to us and information that EZVIZ collects.


Personal information that you provide to us may include your name, date of birth, contact address, contact number, email address.


Personal information we collect include internet traffic data, such as internet traffic data, your IP address and data collected through cookies, such as number of user visits, the time period of visiting, and user preferences.


2. How We Use Your Information.


EZVIZ may use your personal information for the following purposes:


FOR EZVIZS LEGITIMATE INTEREST, NAMELY:


{number list}.


{list item} to respond to your enquiries;


{list item} to increase the safety of the Site, such as user authentication, security protection, fraud detection, filing and backups;


{list item} to perform analytics and conduct customer research;


{list item} manage our everyday business needs, such as auditing, forum management, fulfillment, analytics, and enforcement of our corporate reporting obligations;


TO PERFORM THE AGREEMENT WE HAVE WITH YOU, FOR EXAMPLE:


{number list}.


{list item} to provide other services you request.


{list item} with your express consent to.


{number list}.


{list item} send you electronic communications in order to inform you about.


{list item} use certain non-essential cookies to better understand user behavior, in order to optimize user experience, perfect function design and offers for products and services from us or to provide better services;


{list item} meet a legal obligation, a court order or other binding decision(s); and.


{list item} accomplish a purpose unrelated to those described in this Privacy Policy by first notifying you and, where required, offering you a choice as to whether or not we may use your Personal Information in this different manner.


3. Use of Cookies.


We may use cookies to keep records, store your preferences, improve our advertising, and collect information such as log data and device data. This allows us to better understand how you use our Site, diagnose and troubleshoot any problems your having, and otherwise administer and improve our Site. For more information about cookies, please refer to our USE OF COOKIES.


4. How we Share Your Information.


EZVIZ may disclose personal information to network service provider and other service providers on the basis of non-disclosure agreements.


The following are the limited situations where we may share personal information:


{number list}.


{list item} We share your personal information with EZVIZ affiliates, who are required to use that information in accordance with the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.


{list item} We use service providers, vendors, technicians and other third-parties to help us process, store, and protect some of your information and otherwise help us administer the Site effectively and provide a better user experience. These third-parties are forbidden from using your personal information for non-EZVIZ purposes and are required to protect your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws.


{list item} We may provide information to third-parties if we believe in good faith that we are required by mandatory law to do so. For example, to comply with legal orders and government requests; response to a subpoena, or similar legal process, including to law enforcement agencies, regulators, and courts; to protect the interests of our customers and users of the Site; to respond to claims that any content posted or displayed using the Site violates the rights of third parties; in an emergency protect the health and safety of users of the Site or the general public.


{list item} If EZVIZ and/or all or part of our assets are ever sold or transferred, your personal information may be among the items sold or transferred. Under such circumstance, we will notify you by means of notice on htte://{removed hyperref}/ of (i) the identity and contact information of the purchaser or transferee, (ii) your right to revoke your consent to the provision of personal information, and (iii) the means by which you may revoke such consent.


{list item} We share information to protect our own legitimate business interests when we believe in good faith that we are required or permitted by law to do so. For example, we may share your personal information as needed to support auditing, compliance, and corporate governance functions; to combat fraud or criminal activity; to protect our rights or those of our affiliates and users; or as part of legal proceedings affecting EZVIZ.


We may also disclose non-personal information (for example, aggregated or anonymized data) publicly or with third-parties, provided those data have been rendered anonymous in such a way that the data subject is no longer identifiable. For example, we may share non-personal information:


{number list}.


{list item} for the same reasons we might share Personal information;


{list item} to better understand how our users interact with the Site, in order to optimize your experience, improve the Site, or provide better services;


{list item} for our own research and data analytics; or.


{list item} to our vendors for their own analysis and research.


5. How We Secure and Store Your Personal Information.


EZVIZ has implemented commercially reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security controls that are designed to safeguard personal information. We also conduct periodic reviews and assessments of the effectiveness of our security controls.


Notwithstanding the above, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100 secure. Therefore, EZVIZ cannot guarantee that your personal information is under absolute security with the existing security technology. If you have any questions about the security of our EZVIZ Services, you can {removed href} contact us.


We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purpose outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable law.


6. Your Choice.


Subject to limitations in applicable law, you have certain rights in respect to your personal information, such as a right of access, rectification, restriction, opposition, and portability. In order to exercise your rights please contact us at the contact information below. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at all times, free of charge. You can do this by opting out from direct marketing and by rejecting the use of cookies through your browser settings. If you have concerns about how we handle your personal information, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority in your country of residence.


COMMERCIAL E-MAILS.


You will only receive commercial e-mails from us if you have granted prior express consent or if sending those e-mails is otherwise permitted, in accordance with applicable laws. You may choose not to receive commercial e-mails from us by following the instructions contained in any of the commercial e-mails we send or by adjusting your e-mail preferences.


7. Childrens Privacy.


EZVIZ does not intend that any portion of the Site will be accessed or used by children under the age of 18 and such use is prohibited. The Site is designed and intended for adults. By using the Site, you represent that you are at least 18 years old and understand that you must be at least 18 years old in order to use the Site. If we have collected or received personal information from a child under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will promptly delete such information. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 18 and believe he or she has disclosed personal information to us, please contact us by phone or email. A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 18 may review and request deletion of such childs personal information as well as prohibit the use thereof.


8. International Users.


The Site is intended for residents of European Economic Area (EEA). Your personal information will be collected, stored, and subject to the laws of the EEA and its member states. If you reside in a country outside the EEA, please note that the data protection and privacy laws of EEA and its member states may not be as protective as the laws in your country. You are solely responsible for compliance with foreign laws, not EZVIZ, when you provide your personal information and use the Site from outside the EEA. You agree that the laws of EEA and its member states will govern the processing of your personal information, including any obligations of security and third party sharing.


9. Contact Us.


Please contact us if you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy. Please provide: (i) your name (or nickname), your country and preferred method of contact; and (ii) the details of your request or comment along with any corresponding website links.


{removed href} We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By browsing this website, you agree to our use of cookies. {removed href} Accept {removed href} More Info.


