


{number list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home /


{list item} Privacy Policy.


Privacy Policy.


This privacy policy sets out how Torchstar uses and protects any information that you give Torchstar when you use this website. Torchstar is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Torchstar may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.


What we collect.


We may collect the following information:


{number list}.


{list item} name.


{list item} contact information including email address.


{list item} demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests.


{list item} other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.


For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the {removed href} List of cookies we collect section.


What we do with the information we gather.


We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:


{number list}.


{list item} Internal record keeping.


{list item} We may use the information to improve our products and services.


{list item} We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.


{list item} From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.


Security.


We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.


How we use cookies.


A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computers hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.


We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.


Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.


Links to other websites.


Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.


Controlling your personal information.


You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:


{number list}.


{list item} whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.


{list item} if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at {removed hyperref}.


We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.


You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to.


If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.


{removed href} List of cookies we collect.


The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.


COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description CART The association with your shopping cart. CATEGORYINFO Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly. COMPARE The items that you have in the Compare Products list. CURRENCY Your preferred currency CUSTOMER An encrypted version of your customer id with the store. CUSTOMERAUTH An indicator if you are currently logged into the store. CUSTOMERINFO An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to. CUSTOMERSEGMENTIDS Stores the Customer Segment ID EXTERNALNOCACHE A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not. FRONTEND You sesssion ID on the server. GUEST-VIEW Allows guests to edit their orders. LASTCATEGORY The last category you visited. LASTPRODUCT The most recent product you have viewed. NEWMESSAGE Indicates whether a new message has been received. NOCACHE Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache. PERSISTENTSHOPPINGCART A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site. POLL The ID of any polls you have recently voted in. POLLN Information on what polls you have voted on. RECENTLYCOMPARED The items that you have recently compared. STF Information on products you have emailed to friends. STORE The store view or language you have selected. USERALLOWEDSAVECOOKIE Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies. VIEWEDPRODUCTIDS The products that you have recently viewed. WISHLIST An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist. WISHLISTCNT The number of items in your Wishlist. {removed href} [profiler] Memory usage: real: 16252928, emalloc: 15707832Code ProfilerTimeCntEmallocRealMem.


