


{bullet list}.


{list item} {removed href} Home.


{list item} PRIVACY POLICY.


PRIVACY POLICY.


LUMENS PRIVACY POLICY.


PRIVACY POLICY By accessing or using this LUMENS website, you agree to the terms of the LUMENS Privacy Policy, as outlined below. LUMENS reserves the right to amend the LUMENS Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion. Your use of this site will be subject to the most current version of the LUMENS Privacy Policy at the time of such use.


COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION When you engage in certain activities on this site, LUMENS may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, LUMENS may ask that you provide us personal information, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including zip code), e-mail address, employer, job title and department, telephone and facsimile numbers, and other personal identifying information. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data concerning a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity.


When you submit personal information to LUMENS on this site, you understand and agree that this information may be transferred across national boundaries and may be stored and processed in any of the countries in which LUMENS and its affiliates and subsidiaries maintain offices, including without limitation, the United States. You also acknowledge that in certain countries or with respect to certain activities, the collection, transferring, storage and processing of your information may be undertaken by trusted vendors of LUMENS.


CROSS-BORDER PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATAS This website and the services on this website are targeted for our global users. Any information you enter on this site may be transferred outside of your country. You understand and consent that when you agree to provide your personal data to LUMENS, your personal data may be transferred, stored, used or processed by LUMENS and any of its affiliated entities or service providers that may be located in a different country to you.


HOW YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IS USED LUMENS collects your information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select. The information that you provide is also used as part of our effort to keep you informed about the changes to our Website or any products and services update of LUMENS. In addition, the information you provided may be used to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it, such as responding to your service request.


YOUR CHOICES WITH RESPECT TO PERSONAL INFORMATION LUMENS recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected on this site. If you do not want the information you provide to LUMENS to be used to inform you of other products or services available from LUMENS, and you indicate this preference when you provide your personal information to LUMENS, LUMENS will honor your preference.


You have a right to access, rectify or delete personal information collected concerning you, and you also have the right to decide the fate of your data after your death. Please note if the information you request to remove or object to the processing of data specified as mandatory, you will no longer be able to access certain functions on our website. To exercise your right, please send your request to:


By email to: {removed href} {removed hyperref} Your request will be processed within one month of receipt. This period can be extended by two months if necessary, in the light of the complexity and the number of requests. In this case, you will be informed of this extension and its reasons within one month of receipt of the request.


California residents have additional personal information rights and choices. Please find the [XXX- the page we provide CCPA policy] page for more information. LUMENS reserves the right to provide aggregate data to third parties for statistical analysis. Such data will not be linked to any particular individuals.


PROTECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION The personal information that you provide in connection with registering yourself as a LUMENS website user or registering a LUMENS product is classified as Registration Information. Registration Information is protected in several ways. Access by you to your Registration Information is available through a password and unique customer ID selected by you. This password is encrypted. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. In addition, your Registration Information resides on a secure server that only selected LUMENS personnel and contractors have access to via password. LUMENS encrypts your personal information and thereby prevents unauthorized parties from viewing such information when it is transmitted to LUMENS.


Personal information that you provide that is not Registration Information also resides on a secure server and is only accessible via password. Since this information is not accessible from outside LUMENS, you will not be asked to select a password in order to view or modify such information.


USE OF COOKIES In order to improve our site, we use cookies to track your visit. A cookie is small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a Web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It functions as your identification card, recording your passwords, purchases, and preferences. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses.


Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. Since our Web pages require user authorization, cookies are not optional. Users choosing not to accept cookies will probably not be able to access those pages. LUMENS uses cookies to track your visit to {removed hyperref} and log the IP/Internet address of your computer.


UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION You have the right to access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences at any time. With respect to Registration Information, this may be accomplished by linking to your account, where you can view and make changes to your Registration Information.


UNDER THE AGE OF SIXTEEN Minors aged under sixteen are not the target user group of LUMENS Website. However, access to the Website is not restricted to adults since the contents of the Website are not prohibited for minors under 16.


The LUMENS website does not knowingly gather or use any personal information from children under 16. If information concerning a minor is gathered by the Website, the minors legal representative has the possibility to contact LUMENS in order to rectify, modify or delete this information.


CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access our website or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.


PLEASE NOTE THAT LUMENS IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENT OR PRIVACY PRACTICES OF NON-LUMENS WEBSITES TO WHICH {removed hyperref} OR ANY OTHER LUMENS WEBSITE MAY LINK.


CCPA PRIVACY POLICY.


This PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS supplements the information contained in Lumenss Privacy Policy (collectively, Lumens, we, us, or our), as well as any other privacy notices we may provide, and applies solely to visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (Consumers or you). We have adopted this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended, and implementing regulations (CCPA) and other California privacy laws. Any terms defined in the CCPA, other California privacy laws, or in our Privacy Policy have the same meaning when used in this notice.


PERSONAL INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT The following chart shows the categories of personal information that we have collected during the past twelve (12) months, the sources of such information, and the business or commercial purposes for which we may use such information. For all categories of personal information collected, we disclose data to our service providers and other third parties to help us accomplish the business purposes described below, as described in more detail here.


For the table below, the list of examples for each category is intended to be illustrative and not exhaustive.


CATEGORY CCPA EXAMPLES COLLECTED A. Identifiers. A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, drivers license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers. YES B. Personal Information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code 1798. 80(e)). A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, drivers license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some Personal Information included in this category may overlap with other categories. YES C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information). YES D. Commercial information. Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. YES E. Biometric information. Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data. NO F. Internet or other similar network activity. Browsing history, search history, information on a consumers interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. YES G. Geolocation data. Physical location or movements. YES H. Sensory data. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. NO I. Professional or employment-related information. Current or past job history or performance evaluations. YES J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U. S. C. Section 1232g, 34 C. F. R. Part 99)). Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records. NO K. Inferences drawn from other Personal Information. Profile reflecting a persons preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. YES.


YOUR CCPA RIGHTS Access.


You may request access to the personal information that we have collected and maintained about you (along with information regarding its use and disclosure) over the past twelve months upon appropriate verification. You may only make such requests twice per every twelve months.


Deletion.


You have the right to request that we delete personal information collected and maintained about you, subject to certain exceptions. Once your request is verified and we have determined that we are required to delete that information in accordance with applicable law, we will delete your personal information accordingly. Your request to delete your personal information may be denied if it is necessary for us to retain your information under one or more of the exceptions listed in the CCPA. Please note that a record of your deletion request may be kept pursuant to our legal obligations.


EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS To exercise the access and deletion rights described above, please submit a request to us by either:


{number list}.


{list item} Emailing us a {removed hyperref}.


{list item} Calling us at 1-866-600-0988.


{list item} Please note that Consumers have a right to not receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of their rights under the CCPA.


VERIFYING YOUR REQUEST Only you, or a person that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a request related to your personal information. In the case of access and deletion, your request must be verifiable before we can fulfill such request.


Verifying your request will require you to provide sufficient information for us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information or a person authorized to act on your behalf (e. g., previous transactions of person to whom request relates).


We will only use the personal information that you have provided in a verifiable request in order to verify your request. As stated above, we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority.


Please note that we may charge a reasonable fee or refuse to act on a request if such request is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.


CHANGES TO LUMENS PRIVACY POLICY We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. You can always check the updated time at the bottom for the most current version of Privacy Policy.


CONTACT US If you have any questions regarding our privacy practices as it relates to this CCPA Policy, please contact us via email at {removed hyperref} with the subject line, CCPA POLICY.


LUMENS DIGITAL OPTICS INC. UPDATED DATE: JULY 2020.


