


Link Labs, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively Link Labs) are committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring you have a positive experience on our websites and in using our products and services (Solution or Solutions). This Privacy Statement applies to Link Labs websites that link to this Statement, but does not apply to those Link Labs websites that have their own privacy statement. Our personal information handling practices are described below, in the supplements on the right, and in notices at the point of collection.


Link Labs complies with the U. S.-E. U. Safe Harbor framework and the U. S.-Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U. S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland. Link Labs has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Link Labss certification, please visit the [Safe Harbor site {removed href} {removed hyperref}/].


COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We will inform you of the purpose for collecting personal information when we collect it from you and keep it to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, as required by applicable laws or for legitimate purposes. Personal information is any information that can be used to identify an individual, and may include name, address, email address, phone number, or payment card number. We collect personal information (and engage third parties to collect personal information to assist us) for a variety of reasons, such as:


{number list}.


{list item} Processing your order.


{list item} Providing you with a newsletter subscription.


{list item} Enabling the use of certain features of our Solutions.


{list item} Personalizing your experience.


{list item} Managing a job application.


We and the third parties we engage may combine the information we collect from you over time and across our websites with information obtained from other sources. This helps us improve its overall accuracy and completeness, and also helps us better tailor our interactions with you.


If you choose to provide third party personal information (such as name, email, and phone number), we will assume that you have the third partys permission to provide us with the information. Examples include forwarding reference material to a friend or job referrals. This information will not be used for any other purpose. {removed href} We use Hubspot reporting software, such as Method Data, to generate custom reports based on Hubspot Data.


In some instances, Link Labs may collect non-personal (aggregate or demographic) data through cookies, web logs, web beacons, and other similar applications. This information is used to better understand and improve the usability, performance, and effectiveness of the website. Please read the Cookies section below for more information. In addition, by using some of our Solutions, anonymous network information may be transmitted to us such as the performance of the Solution and types of devices attached to the network. With this information, we can determine how users are interacting with the Solution, to assist us with improving it, to manage your network, and to provide alerts through the Solution on available software updates and upgrades.


USES OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We will only use your personal information in the way we specified when it was collected. We will not subsequently change the way your personal information is used without first asking for your permission. Some of the ways we may use personal information include:


{number list}.


{list item} Delivering a Solution you have requested.


{list item} Supporting our Solutions.


{list item} Contacting you for customer satisfaction surveys.


{list item} Personalizing websites and newsletters to your preferences.


{list item} Administering and processing your certification exams.


{list item} Communicating for marketing purposes.


ACCESS TO AND ACCURACY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We need your help in keeping your personal information accurate and up to date, so please notify us of any changes to your personal information. To update your personal information and communication preferences, {removed href} Contact us.


We make good faith efforts to honor your reasonable request to access and correct your data if it is inaccurate, or delete the data if we are not required to retain it by law or for legitimate purposes. We will respond to your request to access data within 30 days.


Some Link Labs entities may be considered data controllers from time to time. With these, you can exercise your rights of access and request corrections or deactivations under applicable data protection laws.


YOUR CHOICES AND SELECTING YOUR COMMUNICATION PREFERENCES.


We give you the choice of receiving a variety of information that complements our Solutions. You can manage your communication preferences and unsubscribe using one of the following methods:


{number list}.


{list item} Each promotional email from us includes instructions on how you can unsubscribe from that particular mailing.


{list item} Send us a message through email or by mail to Link Labs, Inc., Legal Department, 130 Holiday Ct, Suite 100, Annapolis, MD 21401 USA. Please be sure to include your name, email address, and specific, relevant information about the material you no longer wish to receive.


These choices do not apply to the receipt of mandatory service communications that are considered part of certain Solutions, which you may receive periodically unless you cancel the Solution in accordance with its terms and conditions.


SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We do not sell or share your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes unless you have granted us permission to do so. We will ask for your consent before we use or share your information for any purpose other than the reason you provided it or as otherwise provided by this Privacy Statement. We may share personal information in the following ways:


{number list}.


{list item} Within Link Labs or with any of our worldwide subsidiaries for purposes of data processing or storage.


{list item} With business partners, service vendors, authorized third-party agents, or contractors to provide a requested service or transaction. This includes processing orders and credit card transactions, hosting websites, hosting seminar registration, and providing customer support. We only provide these third parties with the minimum amount of personal information necessary to complete or provide the requested service or transaction. We do not allow third parties to use your personal information for a different purpose.


{list item} To comply with the law or legal process (such as responding to subpoenas or court orders) and to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.


{list item} To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected or potential fraud, brand protection matters (such as gray market sales or use of Link Labss trademark without a license), situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Link Labs terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.


SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We are committed to protecting the personal information you share with us and utilize a combination of industry-standard security technologies, procedures, and organizational measures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We recommend you to take every precaution in protecting your personal information when you are on the Internet. For example, change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers when creating passwords, and make sure you use a secure browser. When you enter sensitive information on our forms, we encrypt this data using SSL or other technologies.


RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We will only retain your personal information to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as required for legitimate purposes or permitted by law.


USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER WEB TECHNOLOGIES.


Like many websites, Link Labs uses automatic data collection tools, such as cookies, embedded web links, and web beacons. These tools collect certain standard information that your browser sends to our website such as your browser type and the address of the website from which you arrived at our website. They may also collect information about:


{number list}.


{list item} YOUR INTERNET PROTOCOL (IP) ADDRESS. This is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the web. It allows web servers to locate and identify your computer, which is a unique address assigned to your PC by your Internet service provider or information systems department on a TCP/IP network.


{list item} CLICKSTREAM BEHAVIOR. For example, the pages you view and the links you click.


These tools help make your visit to our website easier, more efficient, and more valuable by providing you with a customized experience and recognizing you when you return.


Our website includes widgets, which are interactive mini-programs that run on our site to provide specific services from another company (such as displaying the news, opinions, music, and more). Personal information, such as your email address, may be collected through the widget. Cookies may also be set by the widget to enable it to function properly. Information collected by this widget is governed by the privacy policy of the company that created it. Our widget may have an import contacts feature to help you email your contacts. At your request, we will search your email address book to help you import your contacts to our website.


Some web browsers may give you the ability to enable a do not track feature that sends signals to the websites you visit, indicating that you do not want your online activities tracked. This is different than blocking or deleting cookies, as browsers with a do not track feature enabled may still accept cookies. There is currently no industry standard for how companies should respond to do not track signals, although one may develop in the future. We do not respond to do not track signals at this time. If we do so in the future, we will describe how in this Privacy Statement.


LINKED WEBSITES.


We may provide links to other third-party websites and services that are outside our control and not covered by this Privacy Statement. We encourage you to review the privacy statements posted on those websites (and all websites) you visit.


FORUMS AND CHAT ROOMS.


If you participate in a discussion forum or chat room on a Link Labs website, you should be aware that the information you provide there will be made broadly available to others, and can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, potentially inside or outside Link Labs, who have access to that discussion forum or chat room. This information could also be used to send you unsolicited messages. Also, please recognize that individual forums and chat rooms may have additional rules and conditions. Each participants opinion on a forum or chat room is his or her own and should not be considered as reflecting the opinion of Link Labs. We are not responsible for the personal information or any other information you choose to submit in these forums.


CHILDRENS PRIVACY.


Link Labs does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information on a child under the age of 13, we will delete that data from our systems. Link Labs encourages parents and guardians to go online with their children. Here are a few tips to help make a childs online experience safer:


{number list}.


{list item} Teach children never to give personal information (such as name, address, phone number, school, and other information) unless supervised by a parent or responsible adult.


{list item} Know the sites your children are visiting and which sites are appropriate.


{list item} Look for website privacy policies and know how your childs information is treated.


For more tips on protecting childrens privacy online, please see {removed href} FTC website.


CONSENT TO TRANSFER, PROCESSING AND STORAGE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.


As Link Labs is a global organization, we may transfer your personal information to Link Labs in the United States of America, to any Link Labs subsidiary worldwide, or to third parties acting on our behalf, for the purposes of processing or storage. By providing any personal information to us, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to the transfer, processing, and storage of such information outside of your country of residence where data protection standards may be different. Our Privacy Statement and our practices are designed to provide a globally consistent level of protection for personal information all over the world. This means that even in countries whose laws provide for less protection for your information, Link Labs will still handle your information in the manner described here.


YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.


Residents of the State of California, under California Civil Code 1798. 83, have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed personal information during the preceding year for direct marketing purposes. Alternatively, the law provides that if the company has a privacy policy that gives either an opt-out or opt-in choice for use of your personal information by third parties (such as advertisers) for marketing purposes, the company may instead provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options.


Link Labs qualifies for the alternative option. We have a comprehensive privacy statement, and provide you with details on how you may either opt-out or opt-in to the use of your personal information by third parties for direct marketing purposes. Therefore, we are not required to maintain or disclose a list of the third parties that received your personal information for marketing purposes during the preceding year.


If you are a California resident and request information about how to exercise your third party disclosure choices, please email us.


HOW TO {REMOVED HREF} CONTACT US.


We value your opinions. Should you have any privacy-related questions or comments related to this Privacy Statement, please email our privacy team.


UPDATES TO THIS LINK LABS PRIVACY STATEMENT.


We may update this Privacy Statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we change our Privacy Statement, we will post the revised version here, with an updated revision date. If we make significant changes to our Privacy Statement, we may also notify you by other means prior to the changes taking effect, such as sending an email or posting a notice on our website.


