


{removed href} Mobile App Privacy Policy.


Effective Date: November 20, 2012.


This Privacy Policy (Policy) explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Good Sportsman.


Marketing, LLC and its affiliates (GSM) when you access or use our Web Sites including those of its affiliates, its.


mobile applications and online services (Sites), shop online or otherwise interact with us. We may supply different or.


additional notices of our information practices specific to certain programs or activities.


CONTENTS.


{number list}.


{list item} Information We Collect.


{list item} Our Use of Information.


{list item} Information Sharing.


{list item} Social Sharing.


{list item} Security.


{list item} Your Choices.


{list item} Third Party Advertising and Use.


{list item} Your California Privacy Rights.


{list item} Children.


{list item} Changes to this Policy.


{list item} Contact Us.


INFORMATION WE COLLECT.


We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you create an online account.


or profile, use the interactive areas and features of our Sites, make a purchase, sign up for contests, promotions, mailing.


lists and when you email, call or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include:


{number list}.


{list item} TRANSACTION INFORMATION, such as your name, billing address, shipping address, phone number, email address,


credit card information, and transaction history.


INFORMATION WE COLLECT WHEN YOU USE OUR SITES. We may also automatically collect information about you when.


you access or use the Sites, including:


{number list}.


{list item} LOG INFORMATION: We obtain information about your use of our Sites, including the type of browser you use,


access times, pages viewed, you IP Address and the page you visited before navigating to our Sites.


{list item} DEVICE INFORMATION: CONTENTS: We collect information about the computer or mobile devise you use to access.


our Sites, including the hardware model, operation system and version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network.


information.


{list item} INFORMATION COLLECTED BY COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES:


We may use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies to collect information about you and your interaction with.


our Sites, including information about your browsing behavior, purchase behavior, and other engagement with the Sites.


We use this information in one or more of the ways described in the Our Use of Information section below. Most.


web browsers are set to accept cookies by default, but you can usually change your browser settings to remove or.


reject cookies. In additional to browser cookies, Adobe Systems Inc. may set a Flash Cookie on your computer.


or mobile devise when you view videos on our Services. To manage and disable Flash Cookies visit Adobe Flash.


Player security and privacy.


INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM OTHER SOURCES. We may also receive personal information about you from other sources.


and combine or link that with information we have about you.


OUR USE OF INFORMATION.


We use the information we collect about you for a variety of purposes. These include among others to:


{number list}.


{list item} Provide and deliver products and services, process and complete transactions and send you related information, including.


purchase confirmations, invoices, updates, security alerts, recall notices and support and administrative messages.


{list item} Provide, maintain, and improve the Sites;


{list item} Investigate and prevent fraudulent transaction and other illegal activities;


{list item} Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;


{list item} Communicate with you about GSM and partner products, services, offers, promotions, news, and other information we think.


will be of interest to you;


{list item} Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities;


{list item} Personalize the Sites and provide advertisements, contents, or features that are targeted toward your interests; and.


{list item} Process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and prizes.


We may store and process information in the United States and/or other countries.


INFORMATION SHARING.


We may share personal information about you outside of GSM and its affiliates, including as follows:


{number list}.


{list item} With Third Parties who complete transactions or perform services on our behalf;


{list item} We may make our postal mailing list and general shopping information available to selected companies we believe may offer.


products or services of interest to you;


{list item} When you sign up for and participate in the interactive areas of our Sites, certain information about you may be displayed.


publicly on our Sites and on third party Sites, such as your photos, stories, posts and other information you choose.


to provide in your profile;


{list item} In connection with, or during negotiations of, a corporate business transaction, such as a merger or acquisition of all.


or a portion of our business to another company, joint venture, corporate reorganization, insolvency or bankruptcy,


financing or sale of company assets;


{list item} If we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation,


legal process or governmental request; to enforce our agreements, policies, and terms of use; and to protect GSM,


our customers or any other person from harm; and.


{list item} With your consent.


We may also share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information about you.


SOCIAL SHARING.


The Sites may offer social sharing features or other integrated tools, which let you share actions you take on the Sites.


with other media, and vice versa. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the.


public, depending on the settings you establish with the third parties that provide the social sharing feature. For more.


information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features,


please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these features.


SECURITY.


GSM takes reasonable measures, including administrative, technical, and physical safeguards, to protect information about.


you from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.


YOUR CHOICES.


YOUR INFORMATION. You may update or correct information about you by logging into your online account or calling.


Customer Service. You may also email us if you wish to deactivate your account, but note that we may retain information.


about you for legitimate business purpose or as required by law. By using our site, you consent to our Privacy Policy.


PROMOTIONAL COMMUNICATIONS. You may opt out of receiving promotional emails and text messages from GSM by following.


the instructions in those communications or changing your preferences via {removed hyperref}. If you opt out of receiving.


promotional communications, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your purchases, account,


or our ongoing business relations.


LOCATION INFORMATION. You also have the ability to turn location-based services on and off by adjusting the.


settings of your Internet browser or mobile device, or by following the standard uninstall process and removing all GSM.


applications from your mobile devices.


THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING AND USE.


We allow third parties to send advertisements on our behalf through the Internet and to provide analytics services. These.


third parties may use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Sites.


and other web sites, including your IP address, web browser, page viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked, and conversation.


information. This information may be used by GSM and these third parties to analyze and track data, determine the popularity.


of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Sites and other web sites, and.


better understand your online activity. This Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third party cookies,


web beacons, or other tracking technologies and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of these third parties.


to learn more about their privacy practices. For more information about Internet-based ads, or to opt out of the having.


your web browsing information used in this way, please visit.


{removed href} {removed hyperref} or.


{removed href} {removed hyperref}.


We also may use a third party to power product reviews on our Sites. When you submit a product review, you become subject.


to the terms of use and privacy policy of the third party and the reviews you submit may be posted on our Services and.


on third party web sites.


YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.


California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third.


parties for direct marketing purposes. However, under the law, a business is not required to provide this information.


if it permits California residents to opt in to, or opt out of, this type of sharing. GSM qualifies for this alternative.


option. To opt out of having your information shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes, please call.


{removed href} Customer Service.


CHILDREN.


In accordance with federal law (The Childrens online Privacy Act), we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable.


information from children under age 13 without the verifiable permission of a parent or guardian. If you are under age.


13, you are welcome to browse our Sites. However you are not permitted to use any of the features of our site that require.


the collection of any personally identifiable information. If we determine that we have erroneously collected a childTMs.


information, we will immediately undertake to delete that data from our records.


CHANGES TO THIS POLICY.


GSM reserves to the right to change this Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the.


Effective Date and, in some cases we may provide you with more prominent notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage.


or sending you an email notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy section of the Sites on a regular.


basis to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.


CONTACTING US.


If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Policy or about our privacy practices, please call our customer.


service representative at {removed href} 1-877-269-8490 or send an email to.


{removed href} {removed hyperref}. You may also direct your privacy-related comments or questions to the following address:


GSM Outdoors.


Attention: Privacy Officer.


5250 Frye Road.


Irving, TX 75061.


{removed href} Skip to content.


