


Privacy Policy.


Your privacy is important to us. YES TV, and associated programs and events have always been and are still committed to protecting the privacy of the personal information of its partners, callers, employees, supporters and associated parties. We value the trust of those we deal with, and of the public, and recognize that maintaining this trust requires that we be transparent and accountable in how we treat the information that users choose to share with us.


This policy describes how the personal information of users is collected, shared, and used when users interact with this website, as well as other websites and applications we own and operate.


PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT.


We collect information using logs, device information, form submissions, cookies, and tag managers (including web beacons, tags, and pixels) to learn how users browse the website.


LOGS.


When users visit our website, our servers may automatically log standard data provided by your web browser. This data includes information such as your computers IP address, browser version, the pages and products visited, the time zone, time and date, the time spent on each page, and the websites or search terms that referred users to the website.


DEVICE INFORMATION.


We may collect data about the device a user access our website with. This data includes the device platform, type, operating system, device settings, and geo-location data. The data collected depends on the individual settings of the device and software.


FORM SUBMISSIONS.


When a user fills out a contact form, participate in a chat, makes (or attempts to make) a purchase, or donation through the Site, we collect certain information from users, which may include name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers), email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as Form Submissions.


COOKIES.


We use cookies to collect information about users and their activity across our website. A cookie is a small piece of data that our website stores on a users computer, and accesses each time the user visits, so we can understand how our audience uses our website. This helps us serve our users content based on informed decisions. Please refer to our Cookie Policy for more information.


LEGAL BASES FOR PROCESSING.


We process personal information lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner. We collect and process information about our users only where we have legal bases for doing so.


These legal bases depend on the services used, meaning we collect and use user data only where:


{number list}.


{list item} it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the user is a party or to take steps at their request before entering into such a contract (for example, when we provide a requested service);


{list item} it satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by the users data protection interests), such as for research and development, to market and promote our services, and to protect our legal rights and interests;


{list item} the user give us consent to do so for a specific purpose (for example, the user might consent to us sending a newsletter); or.


{list item} we need to process user data to comply with a legal obligation.


Where the user consents to our use of information for a specific purpose, the user has the right to change their mind at any time (not affecting any processing that has already taken place).


While we retain personal information, we protect it within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss, theft, unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, or modification. It is a commonly understood fact that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100 secure and as such we cannot guarantee absolute data security. If necessary we may retain the personal information of users for compliance with a legal obligation or in order to protect the vital interests of users, or the vital interests of another natural person.


COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION.


We may collect, store, use, and disclose information for the following purposes and personal information will not be further processed in a manner that is incompatible with these purposes:


{number list}.


{list item} to fulfill any orders, or subscriptions placed through our website.


{list item} to screen orders for potential risk or fraud.


{list item} to enable a user to customise or personalise their experience of our website;


{list item} to enable a user to access and use our website, associated applications and associated social media platforms;


{list item} to contact and communicate with the user;


{list item} for internal records, and administration;


{list item} for analytics, market research, business development. This includes the operation and improvement of our website, associated applications and social media platforms;


{list item} to hold competitions or offer additional benefits to users;


{list item} when in line with the preferences a user has shared with us, for marketing and advertising, including to send promotional information about products, services, and information about 3rd parties that we consider to be of interest;


{list item} to comply with legal obligations, or resolve any disputes that we may have;


{list item} to consider an application of a user, for example a job application.


SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH 3RD PARTIES.


We may disclose personal information for various reasons:


{number list}.


{list item} with our employees, volunteers, contractors, and related entities;


{list item} with 3rd party service providers for the purpose of enabling them to provide services, including (without limitation) IT services, data storage, hosting providers, advertising networks, analytics, debuggers, debt collection, maintenance providers, marketing and advertising providers, professional advisors, and payment gateways, data collection and processing services;


{list item} with sponsors or promoters of competitions or events we operate;


{list item} with 3rd parties, including agents or sub-contractors, who assist us in providing information, products, services or direct marketing;


{list item} with credit agencies, courts, tribunals, regulatory authorities in the event the user fails to pay for goods or services we have provided;


{list item} with courts, tribunals, regulatory authorities, and law enforcement officers, as required by law, in connection with any actual or prospective legal proceedings, or in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights;


{list item} with law enforcement and first responders if any of our employees, contractors, volunteers deem, or if the user reveals themselves to be: a danger to self, a danger to others, or has been involved in the neglect or abuse of minors;


{list item} to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.


BEHAVIOURAL ADVERTISING.


As described above, we use Personal Information to provide users with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe to be of interest to respective users. For more information about how targeted advertising works, users can visit the Network Advertising Initiatives (NAI) educational page at {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


You can opt out of targeted advertising through various vendors: - FACEBOOK - {removed href} {removed hyperref}/? tabads - GOOGLE - {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Additionally, users can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliances opt-out portal at: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


USER RIGHTS AND PERSONAL INFORMATION CONTROL.


INTERNATIONAL DATA.


Personal information we collect is stored and processed in Canada, or where we or our partners, affiliates and 3rd-party providers maintain facilities. By providing us with personal information, users consent to the disclosure to these overseas 3rd parties.


USER RIGHTS.


Residents of the EU have the legal right to access personal information we hold about them individually, and the right to ask that their personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. We offer these services to all of our users. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.


USER CHOICE AND CONSENT.


By providing personal information to us, users consent to us collecting, holding, using, and disclosing personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. Users under 16 years of age must have, and warrant (to the extent permitted by law to us) that they have the permission of their parent or legal guardian to access and use the website, and that the parents or guardian have consented to you providing us with your personal information. Users do not have to provide personal information to us; however, if they do not, it may affect your use of this website or the products and/or services offered on or through it.


DATA FROM 3RD PARTIES.


Personal information received about a user from a 3rd party will be protected as set out in this privacy policy. All 3rd party personal information data providers represent and warrant that they have the end users consent to provide the personal information to us.


RESTRICTION OF DATA.


Users may choose to restrict the collection or use of personal information. If the user has previously agreed to our use of personal information for direct marketing purposes, they may change their mind at any time by contacting us. Users asking us to restrict or limit how we process their personal information will be informed how the restriction affects use of our website, products and services.


ACCESS AND DATA PORTABILITY.


Users may request details of the personal information that we hold about them. Users may request a copy of the personal information we hold about them. Where possible, we will provide this information in a common, easily readable file format. Users may request that we erase the personal information we hold about them at any time. Users may also request that we transfer this personal information to another 3rd party.


CORRECTION.


Users who believes that information we hold about them is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant, or misleading are asked to please contact us using the details below. We will take reasonable steps to correct the information.


NOTIFICATION OF DATA BREACHES.


We will comply with applicable laws in respect to any data breach.


COMPLAINTS.


Users who believe we have breached a relevant data protection law and would like to make a complaint please contact us using the details below and provide us with full details. We will investigate the complaint and respond in writing, sharing the outcome of our investigation and the steps we will take accordingly. These users also have the right to contact any relevant regulatory body or data protection authority in relation to the complaint.


UNSUBSCRIBE.


To unsubscribe from our respective email databases, or opt-out of communications, please contact us using the unsubscribe links in the source communication, or using the details below.


OUR COMMITMENT TO USERS.


BUSINESS TRANSFER.


If we or our assets are acquired, or in the unlikely event that we go out of business or enter bankruptcy we would include data among the assets transferred to the parties who acquire us. Users acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any parties who acquire us may continue to use your personal information according to this policy.


LIMITS OF OUR POLICIES.


Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and policies of those sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.


CHANGES TO THIS POLICY.


At our discretion we may change our privacy policy to reflect current acceptable practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. We will take reasonable steps to let users know about changes via our website. Your continued use of this website after any changes to our policies will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information.


If we make a significant change to our policies (for example changing a lawful basis on which we process your personal information) we will ask users to re-consent to the amended privacy policy.


CONTACT US.


Questions, concerns or inquiries relating to the privacy policy for YES TV or about any treatment of personal information should be emailed to {removed href} {removed hyperref} or submitted by telephone to 905-331-7333. Attention: Privacy Officer.


OUR ADDRESS.


1295 North Service Road.


Burlington, ON L7R 4M2.


General inbox: {removed hyperref}.


Last updated May 13, 2019.


