


Privacy Policy.


In accordance with the Data Protection Act, this policy gives you information about how Imperial Leisure treats personal information received from our web site visitors.


What is personal information?


Personal information is defined as information about you that is personally identifiable such as your title, name, address, email address and phone number, phone calls, messages sent through our site and emails.


Information collection and use.


We collect visitor information in the following ways.


Quotes - If you request a free appraisal via the email form well use your details to respond to your request.


Contact Us - If you send us an enquiry via the email form well use your details to respond to your request/comments.


Newsletter sign up - If you sign up to receive our newsletter via the email form well use your details to respond to your request.


Phone calls - We may record your phone call for training and quality assurance purposes.


If you send us your CV we may want to keep your details on file in case an opportunity comes up in the future. If youd rather we didnt do this, please let us know as soon as possible by emailing {removed href} {removed hyperref} and well delete your record straight away.


The only time well use your details for any other purpose than those listed above is to email you from time to time about our services. However we will only do so if you have given us permission to do so, having opted in on one of the 3 data collection forms.


We respect your privacy and will not rent, sell or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies.


Accessing your data.


You have the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you. Please note that, in accordance with the Data Protection Act, a 10 admin fee is applicable. For further information, please contact us using the email form or email {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Cookies.


The Imperial Leisure web site uses cookies to collect information about how the site is used by its visitors. Cookies provide non-personal statistical information about visits to pages on the site, which may include the duration of individual page views, paths taken by visitors through the site, and other general information. None of this information is associated with you as an individual.


However, should you wish to delete or disable the cookies, you can do so by referring to the Help option on the menu bar of your browser. This will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies; notify you when you receive new cookies; and disable cookies altogether.


Changes to the privacy policy.


We may update this policy from time to time. Please check this page regularly for notification of any significant changes in the way we treat your personal information.


Last Updated: 09/10/08.


This website is operated by Imperial Leisure Ltd.


Registered Address: 22 Coronet Street, London N1 6HD.


Company Registration No: 5953160 (England Wales).


