


{removed href} Home Privacy Policy.


Privacy Policy.


Data protection and privacy statement.


CONTROLLER.


The controller for data processing on this website is:


Westinghouse Lighting Corporation.


a Westinghouse Electric Corporation licensee.


Krefelder Strasse 562.


41066 Mnchengladbach, Germany.


Managing Director: Ray Angelo.


USt-ID: DE813239025.


Tel. 49-(0) 2161-57307-0.


Fax 49-(0) 2161-57307-22.


Email: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Internet: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Controller means the natural person who or legal person that, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data (such as names, e-mail addresses and similar).


HOW TO CONTACT US.


Please contact us if you have any questions or requests.


If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or how to remove or modify your user information or related consents, please feel free to contact us at {removed href} {removed hyperref} or Westinghouse Lighting Data Privacy Team, Krefelder Strasse 562, 41066 Mnchengladbach, Germany. The data controller of your user information is Westinghouse Lighting.


SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY.


Landesbeauftragte fr Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit Nordrhein-Westfalen (North Rhine-Westphalia State Commissioner for Data Protection).


Kavalleriestr. 2-4.


40213 Dsseldorf, Germany.


Phone: 49 (0) 211 38424 0.


Fax: 49 (0) 211 38424 10.


e-mail: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Website: {removed href} {removed hyperref}.


Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement, if you consider that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes the GDPR.


The supervisory authority with which the complaint has been lodged shall inform the complainant on the progress and the outcome of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy pursuant to Article 78 GDPR.


{bullet list}.


{list item} General data processing.


{bullet list}.


{list item} Data protection The operator of these pages takes protecting your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory provisions on data protection and with the provisions of this data protection and privacy statement. Various personal data are collected when you use this website. Personal data means data that can be used to identify you personally. This data protection and privacy statement explains which data we collect and what we use them for. It also explains how this takes place, and for what purpose. Please note that there may be security gaps in the transmission of data on the Internet (for example, in the case of e-mail communications). It is not possible to protect the data from access by third parties without any gaps.


{list item} Scope of processing of personal data As a basic principle, we process our users personal data only to the extent that this is necessary in order to provide a functional website and to provide our content and services. The processing of our users personal data typically takes place only after the user has consented. This does not apply in cases in which it is not possible to obtain prior consent for factual reasons and processing the data is permitted by provisions of law.


{list item} Legal basis for the processing of personal data Where we obtain the consent of the data subject to processing operations involving personal data, point (a) of Article 6(1) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) serves as the legal basis. In the case of processing of personal data that is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, point (b) of Article 6(1) GDPR serves as the legal basis. This also applies to processing operations that are necessary in order to take steps prior to entering into a contract. Where processing of personal data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which our company is subject, point (c) of Article 6(1) GDPR serves as the legal basis. In the event that processing of personal data is necessary in order to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person, point (d) of Article 6(1) GDPR serves as the legal basis. If the processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject, point (f) of Article 6(1) GDPR serves as the legal basis for the processing.


{list item} Erasure of data; duration of storage The data subjects personal data are erased or blocked as soon as the purpose of storage thereof ceases to apply. Data may also be stored if this has been set down by the European or national legislatures in regulations under Union law or in laws or other regulations to which the controller is subject. Blockage or erasure of the data also takes place when a storage time limit stipulated by the abovementioned provisions expires unless there is a need to store the data for longer in order to enter into or perform a contract.


{list item} Analytical tools and third-party tools When you visit our website, your surfing behavior may undergo statistical analysis. This is done primarily using cookies and what are known as analytics programs. Your surfing behavior is typically analyzed anonymously; it cannot be traced to you. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. This data protection and privacy statement provides detailed information on this. You can object to this analysis. This data protection and privacy statement provides information on possibilities for filing an objection.


{list item} Data collection on our website.


{bullet list}.


{list item} Cookies Some of these Internet pages use cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer, and they do not contain any viruses. Cookies are used to make our website more user-friendly, more effective and more secure. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer and stored by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are what are known as session cookies. These cookies are automatically erased after the end of your visit. Other cookies remain stored on your device until you erase them. These cookies allow us to recognize your browser the next time you visit. You can adjust your browser settings so that you are informed when cookies are placed, allow cookies only in individual cases or refuse to accept cookies in specific cases or in general. You can also activate a feature that automatically erases cookies when you close your browser. If you deactivate cookies, the functionality of this website may be limited. Cookies that are necessary in order to perform the electronic communication operation or to provide certain functions that you have requested (e. g. shopping cart function) are stored on the basis of point (f) of Article 6(1) GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in storing cookies in order to provide its services in a manner that is error-free in technical terms and is optimized. To the extent that other cookies (such as cookies used to analyze your surfing behavior) are stored, these are discussed separately in this data protection and privacy statement.


{list item} Term of storage; possibility of objecting and possibility of elimination Cookies are stored on the users computer and transmitted by the users computer to our site. Therefore, you as the user also have full control over the use of cookies. You can adjust your Internet browser settings to deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies. Cookies that have already been stored can be erased at any time. This can also be done automatically. If you deactivate cookies for our website, you may no longer be able to use all of the functions of the website in full.


{list item} Server log files The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in what are known as server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. This information is as follows:


{number list}.


{list item} Browser type and browser version.


{list item} Operating system used.


{list item} Referrer URL.


{list item} Host name of the computer accessing the site.


{list item} Time of server query.


{list item} IP address.


These data are not combined with data from other sources. The data are also stored in our systems log files. These data are not stored together with other personal data of the user. Temporary storage of the IP address by the system is necessary in order to make it possible to deliver the website to the users computer. To achieve this, the users IP address must remain stored for the duration of the session. Storage of data in log files takes place in order to ensure the functionality of the website. These data also serve to help us optimize the website and ensure the security of our IT systems. The data are not analyzed for marketing purposes in this context. The basis for the data processing is point (f) of Article 6(1) GDPR, which permits the processing of data to perform a contract or take steps prior to entering into a contract.


{list item} Contact form If you send us inquiries using the contact form, we will store the information you provide in the inquiry form, including the contact information you provide there, for purposes of processing your inquiry and in the event of follow-up questions. We will not share these data without your consent. The processing of the data entered in the contact form thus takes place exclusively on the basis of your consent (point (a) of Article 6(1) GDPR). You can withdraw this consent at any time. You can do this by sending us a simple e-mail; no particular form is required. Withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of the data processing operations that have taken place before consent is withdrawn. The information you enter in the contact form remains with us until you request that we erase them or withdraw your consent to the storage thereof or the purpose for which the data are stored ceases to apply (for example, after the processing of your inquiry has been concluded), which is generally the case after three years. Nothing herein shall affect non-waivable statutory provisions, particularly concerning storage periods.


{list item} Analysis tools and advertising Google Analytics This website uses functions of the Web analytics service Google Analytics. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google Analytics uses cookies. These are text files that are stored on your computer and enable analysis of your use of the website. The information on your use of the website that is generated by the cookie is typically transferred to a Google server in the United States and stored there. Google Analytics cookies are stored on the basis of point (f) of Article 6(1) GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize both the website and the operators advertising. IP anonymization We have activated the IP anonymization function on this website. As a result, Google will truncate your IP address within Member States of the European Union or in other countries that are signatories to the Agreement on the European Economic Area before transmission to the United States. Only in isolated cases is the full IP address transferred to a Google server in the United States and truncated there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to analyze your use of the website, compile reports on activity on the website, and perform further services for the website operator associated with the use of the website and Internet use. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the scope of Google Analytics is not combined with other Google data. Browser plugin You can prevent cookies from being stored by adjusting the settings of your browser software accordingly; we do, however, point out that in this case, you may not be able to use all of the functions of this website in full. You can also prevent the data generated by the cookie regarding your use of the website (including your IP address) from being collected and transmitted to Google and from being processed by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link:


{removed href} {removed hyperref}? hlde. Objection to collection of data You can prevent the collection of your data by Google Analytics by clicking the link below. This will place an opt-out cookie on your computer that prevents your data from being collected when you visit this website in the future: {removed href} deactivate Google Analytics. For more information on how user data are handled when Google Analytics is used, please see Googles data protection and privacy policies: {removed href} {removed hyperref}? hlde. Contracted data processing We have entered into a contract for the processing of data with Google and implement the strict specifications of the German data protection authorities in full when using Google Analytics.


{list item} Plugins and tools Google Web fonts This page uses what are known as Web fonts in order to display fonts in a standardized way. These Web fonts are provided by Google. When you access a page, your browser loads the necessary Web fonts to your browser cache in order to display texts and fonts correctly. To this end, the browser you use must connect to Googles servers. This lets Google know that our website has been accessed via your IP address. Google Web fonts are used in the interest of displaying our online offerings in a standardized and appealing manner. This constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of point (f) of Article 6(1) GDPR. If your browser does not support Web fonts, your computer will use a standard font. For more information on Google Web fonts, please see {removed href} {removed hyperref} and Googles data protection and privacy policy: {removed href} {removed hyperref}/.


{list item} Rights of the data subject If your personal data are processed, you are the data subject within the meaning of the GDPR, and you have the following rights vis--vis the controller:


{bullet list}.


{list item} Right of access You can obtain from the controller confirmation regarding whether personal data concerning you are processed by us. If such processing takes place, you can obtain information on the following from the controller:


{bullet list}.


{list item} the purposes for which the personal data are processed;


{list item} the categories of personal data that are processed;


{list item} the recipients or categories of recipients to which or whom the personal data concerning you have been or will be disclosed;


{list item} the planned duration of storage of the personal data concerning you or, if it is not possible to provide concrete information on this, criteria for determining the duration of storage;


{list item} the existence of a right to rectification or erasure of the personal data concerning you, a right to restriction of processing by the controller or a right to object to this processing;


{list item} the existence of a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;


{list item} all available information on the source of the data, if the personal data were not collected from the data subject;


{list item} the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, pursuant to Article 22(1) and (4) GDPR and at least in these cases meaningful information about the logic involved and the scope and intended effects of such processing on the data subject.


You have the right to obtain information on whether the personal data concerning you are transferred to a third country or an international organization. In this context, you can request information regarding the appropriate safeguards pursuant to Article 46 GDPR in connection with the transfer.


{list item} Right to rectification You have a right vis--vis the controller to rectification of data and/or to have incomplete data completed to the extent that the personal data concerning you that are being processed are incorrect or incomplete. The controller is obligated to perform the rectification without undue delay.


{list item} Right to restriction of processing You have the right to have the processing of the personal data concerning you restricted where one of the following applies:


{bullet list}.


{list item} you contest the accuracy of the personal data concerning you, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data;


{list item} the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of the personal data and request the restriction of their use instead;


{list item} the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but you require them for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or.


{list item} you have objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override yours.


Where processing of the personal data concerning you has been restricted, such personal data shall, with the exception of storage, only be processed with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the Union or of a Member State. If you have obtained restriction of processing pursuant to the above conditions, you will be informed by the controller before the restriction of processing is lifted.


{list item} Right to erasure.


{bullet list}.


{list item} Obligation of erasure You have the right to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning you without undue delay and the controller is obligated to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies:


{bullet list}.


{list item} The personal data concerning you are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.


{list item} You withdraw consent on which the processing was based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) or point (a) of Article 9(2) GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.


{list item} You object to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or you object to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) GDPR.


{list item} The personal data concerning you have been unlawfully processed.


{list item} The personal data concerning you have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.


{list item} The personal data concerning you have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services pursuant to Article 8(1) GDPR.


{list item} Information to third parties Where the controller has made the personal data concerning you public and is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) GDPR to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform controllers which are processing the personal data that you as the data subject have requested the erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data.


{list item} Exceptions The right to erasure does not exist to the extent that processing is necessary.


{bullet list}.


{list item} for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information;


{list item} for compliance with a legal obligation which requires processing by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject or for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller;


{list item} for reasons of public interest in the area of public health in accordance with points (h) and (i) of Article 9(2) as well as Article 9(3) GDPR;


{list item} for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes in accordance with Article 89(1) GDPR insofar as the right referred to in subsection a) is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of the objectives of that processing; or.


{list item} for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.


{list item} Right to notification If you have asserted the right to rectification, erasure or restriction of processing vis--vis the controller, the controller is obligated to communicate this rectification or erasure of the data or restriction of processing to each recipient to whom the personal data concerning you have been disclosed, unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. You have the right vis--vis the controller to be informed about these recipients.


{list item} Right to data portability You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You also have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, where:


{bullet list}.


{list item} the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) or point (a) of Article 9(2) GDPR or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) GDPR; and.


{list item} the processing is carried out by automated means.


In exercising this right, you moreover have the right to have the personal data concerning you transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible. This must not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. The right to data portability does not apply to processing of personal data that is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.


{list item} Right to object You have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing of personal data concerning you which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) GDPR including profiling based on those provisions. The controller will no longer process the personal data concerning you unless the controller demonstrates compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. Where personal data concerning you are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning you for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. Where you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, the personal data concerning you shall no longer be processed for such purposes. In the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, you are permitted to exercise your right to object by automated means using technical specifications.


{list item} Right to withdraw consent under data protection law You have the right to withdraw your consent under data protection law at any time. Withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.


{list item} Automated individual decision-making, including profiling You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you. This does not apply if the decision.


{bullet list}.


{list item} is necessary for entering into, or performance of, a contract between you and the data controller;


{list item} is authorized by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests; or.


{list item} is based on your explicit consent.


However, these decisions must not be based on special categories of personal data as referred to in Article 9(1) GDPR, unless point (a) or (g) of Article 9(2) GDPR applies and suitable measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests are in place. In the cases referred to in points (1) and (3) above, the data controller shall implement suitable measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express your point of view and to contest the decision.


{list item} Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement, if you consider that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes the GDPR. The supervisory authority with which the complaint has been lodged shall inform the complainant on the progress and the outcome of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy pursuant to Article 78 GDPR.


