


{removed href} Home / Yirsur Customer Privacy Policy.


PRIVACY POLICY.


Yirsur is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust with respect to your privacy. This privacy policy explains how we collect, use and share your personal information.


ABOUT OUR PRIVACY POLICY.


This privacy policy applies to our websites, apps and other services, including programs and events, that refer or link to this privacy policy (each, a Service). This policy may be supplemented by additional privacy statements, terms or notices provided to you. The Yirsur company that owns or administers the Service, as identified therein, is the primary controller of your personal information provided to, or collected by or for, the Service.


INFORMATION WE COLLECT.


We collect information about you in three ways: directly from your input, from third-party sources, and through automated technologies.


INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US.


The types of personal information that we collect directly from you depends on the content and features of the Service you use and how you otherwise interact with us and may include:


{number list}.


{list item} Contact details, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number and social media handle;


{list item} Account login credentials, such as usernames and passwords, password hints and similar security information;


{list item} Other account registration and profile information, including educational, professional and other background information, such as your field of study, current position, practice area and areas of interests, gender, ORCID ID and photo;


{list item} Content that you upload and share or store in your account, such as annotations, comments, contributions and replies;


{list item} Payment information, such as a credit or debit card number, and government-issued ID numbers;


{list item} Information that you communicate to us, such as questions or information you send to customer support;


{list item} Data that you provide to us as part of interacting with the Service, such as your favorites and search queries; and/or.


{list item} Communications preferences, such as your preferred language and the frequency, type and format of the alerts you sign up to receive.


DATA FROM YOUR INSTITUTION.


We may obtain information about you from the institution with which you are employed or affiliated in order to activate and manage your access to and use of the institutions subscription to the Service, including:


{number list}.


{list item} Contact details, such as your name and institutional email address, postal address and phone number;


{list item} Other account registration information, such as job title; and/or.


{list item} Institutional user ID.


DATA FROM OTHER SOURCES.


We also may obtain contact details and other information about you from other entities within RELX and from third parties, including:


{number list}.


{list item} Social networks when that you grant permission to the Service to access your data on one or more networks;


{list item} Service providers that help us determine a location in order to customize certain products to your location;


{list item} Partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities; and/or.


{list item} Publicly available sources and data suppliers from which we obtain data to validate or supplement the information we hold and to support the Service.


DEVICE AND USAGE DATA.


The Service may automatically collect information about how you and your device interact with the Service, such as:


{number list}.


{list item} Computer, device and connection information, such as IP address, browser type and version, operating system and other software installed on your device, unique device identifier and other technical identifiers, error reports and performance data;


{list item} Usage data, such as the features you used, the settings you selected, URL click stream data, including date and time stamp and referring and exit pages, and pages you visited on the Service;


{list item} For educational Services, the course modules and test questions you view, answer or complete; and/or.


{list item} For location-aware Services, the physical location of your device.


We collect this data through our servers and the use of cookies and other technologies. You can control cookies through your browsers settings and other tools. However, if you choose to block certain cookies, you may not be able to register, login, or access certain parts or make full use of the Service. For more details, visit the cookie notice of the Service.


HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.


We are committed to delivering a relevant and useful experience to you. Depending on how you interact with us and the Service, we use your personal information to:


{number list}.


{list item} Provide, activate and manage your access to and use of the Service;


{list item} Process and fulfill a request, order, download, subscription or other transaction;


{list item} Offer you customized content and other personalization to make the Service more efficient for you and more relevant to your interests and geography;


{list item} Enhance and improve the Service, such as add new content and features;


{list item} Notify you about changes, updates and other announcements related to the Service;


{list item} Deliver targeted advertisements, promotional messages, and other information related to the Service and to your interests;


{list item} Provide technical, product and other support and help to keep the Service working, safe and secure; and/or.


{list item} Identify usage trends and develop data analysis, including for the purposes of research, audits, reporting and other business operations, such as to pay royalties and license fees to third-party content providers, determine the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, evaluate our business performance, or in other ways pursuant to a customer agreement.


We may also use your personal information to:


{number list}.


{list item} Respond to your requests, inquiries, comments or concerns;


{list item} Invite you to submit or review manuscripts or otherwise participate in our publishing programs;


{list item} Issue payments and statements, such as for royalties and editorial fees;


{list item} Conduct and administer user testing and surveys as well as sweepstakes, competitions and similar promotions;


{list item} Provide you with relevant promotional messages and other information about products, events and services of ours, our group companies and third parties such as societies and sponsors;


{list item} Enhance and improve our products, events and services and develop new ones; and/or.


{list item} Comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.


SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION.


We share your personal information in the following ways and contexts.


YOUR INSTITUTION.


If you access the Service through a subscription administered by your institution, your personal information and certain usage data gathered through the Service, such as the number of items you downloaded, any fee-based items you accessed, and test scores, may be accessed by or shared with the administrators authorized by your institution for the purposes of usage analysis, subscription management, course management and testing and remediation. If your institution is a corporation or other business entity, additional usage data, such as the types of records you viewed and the number of searches you ran, also may be shared for the purposes of cost attribution and departmental budgeting.


We may also disclose to your institution or other third parties non-personally identifiable information, such as anonymous usage data reports and aggregated information, subject to any applicable legal or contractual obligations.


OUR GROUP COMPANIES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS.


Depending on the Service provided, we share your personal information with our:


{number list}.


{list item} Affiliates, trading names and divisions within the Yirsur group of companies (for a list, visit {removed href} {removed hyperref}) and certain RELX companies that provide technology, customer service and other shared services functions; and/or.


{list item} Suppliers and service providers, including editors, reviewers, payment processors, customer support, email service providers, event venues and service providers, mailing houses, shipping agents and IT service providers;


to process the information as necessary to provide the Service, complete a transaction or fulfill your request or otherwise on our behalf based on our instructions and in compliance with this privacy policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.


YOUR CHOICES.


We may also share your personal information with our group companies and with sponsors, joint venture partners and other third parties, including entities for which we are acting as an agent, licensee, application host or publisher, such as societies, that wish to send you information about their products and services that may be of interest to you as determined by your choices in managing your communications preferences and other settings.


The Service may let you post and share personal information, comments, messages, materials and other content. Any such information that you disclose publicly or in discussion fora in the Service may be collected and used by others, may be indexed by search engines, and might not be able to be removed. Please be careful when disclosing personal information in these public areas.


LEGAL REASONS.


We also will disclose your personal information if we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to:


{number list}.


{list item} meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or other legal obligation;


{list item} detect, investigate and help prevent security, fraud or technical issues; and/or.


{list item} protect the rights, property or safety of Yirsur, our users, employees or others;


and as part of a corporate transaction, such as a transfer of a journal or other assets to or an acquisition by or merger with another company.


YOUR PERSONAL ACCOUNT.


We will share your usage activity, preferences and other information amongst these and related Yirsur services to help you improve your productivity.


ADMINISTRATOR DATA.


If you are an administrator of an institution with a subscription to a Service, we will use your details to communicate with you about your institutions subscription and related services. If you supply us contact information of your colleagues, we may include a reference to you when we contact those individuals with communications about the Service.


YOUR COMMUNICATIONS PREFERENCES.


You can customize and manage your communications preferences and other settings when you register with the Service, by updating your account features and preferences, by using the opt-in/out or subscribe/unsubscribe mechanisms or other means provided within the communications that you receive from us or by contacting us. We reserve the right to notify you of changes or updates to the Service whenever necessary.


ACCESSING AND UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION.


The Service may allow registered users to directly access their account information and make corrections or updates at any time.


Keeping such information up to date is solely the responsibility of the user. Registered users may also close their account directly through the Service or by contacting the Services customer support.


You have the right and certain other privacy and data protection laws, as may be applicable, to request free of charge:


{number list}.


{list item} Access to and correction and deletion of your personal information;


{list item} Restriction of our processing of your personal information, or to object to our processing; and/or.


{list item} Portability of your personal information.


If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us through the {removed hyperref}. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable laws. To protect your privacy and security, we may require you to verify your identity. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf subject to proof of identity and authorization.


DATA RETENTION.


We retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the Service and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, maintaining business and financial records, resolving disputes, maintaining security, detecting and preventing fraud and abuse, and enforcing our agreements.


DATA SECURITY.


We take precautions to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft and misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction through the use of appropriate technical and organizational measures.


GROUNDS FOR PROCESSING.


When we collect from you any personal information within the scope of European data protection laws, we do so:


{number list}.


{list item} where necessary to provide the Service, fulfill a transaction or otherwise perform a contract with you or at your request prior to entering into a contract;


{list item} where necessary for our compliance with applicable law or other legal obligation;


{list item} where necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest;


{list item} where applicable, with your consent; and/or.


{list item} as necessary to operate our business, protect the security of our systems, customers and users, detect or prevent fraud, or fulfill our other legitimate interests as described in the sections above, except where our interests are overridden by your privacy rights.


Where we rely on your consent to process personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and where we rely on legitimate interests, you may have the right to object to our processing.


CHANGES.


We will update this privacy policy from time to time. Any changes will be posted on this page with an updated revision date. If we make any material changes, we will provide notice through the Service or by other means.


CONTACT.


If you have any questions, comments, complaints or requests regarding this privacy policy or our processing of your information, please contact the Yirsur Data Protection Officer via the Yirsur Privacy Support Hub or via Email: {removed hyperref}.


