
EN
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: May 2020
General
Your privacy is important to us.
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to all personal information collected through and/or processed in connection with (        http://www.3dhubs.com) (the “Website”), the services offered by 3D Hubs and verbal, email, text and other electronic messages between you, our Website and/or 3D Hubs personnel.
3D Hubs is comprised of different legal entities including 3D Hubs, Inc., 3D Hubs Manufacturing LLC and 3D Hubs B.V. This Privacy Policy is issued on behalf of each of these companies and their affiliates, so when we mention “3D Hubs,” "we", "us" or "our" in this Privacy Policy, we are referring to the relevant 3D Hubs group entity. In this Privacy Policy, we inform you of our practices with respect to the collection and use of your personal information when visiting our Website or using our services. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used here starting with a capital letter shall have the same meaning as in our General Terms of Sale. All additional terms, guidelines, and rules, including our General Terms of Sale and Terms of Use, are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy. We may act as a data controller or processor within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (Algemene Verordening Gegevensbescherming).
Our users
Our websites, apps, products, and services are designed for businesses and their representatives. We do not target consumers – individuals who seek to use our products and services for their personal or household purposes. Accordingly, we treat all personal data we collect as pertaining to individuals in their business capacity and not their individual capacity.
What we collect
Information provided by you
We may collect your‎ first and last name, company name, company profile, postal address, email address, phone number, fax number, username, password, billing information, shipping information, tax registration status and number and/or demographic information (such as your gender and/or occupation), as well as other information you directly provide on our Website. If you are a manufacturing partner, we may collect information about your capabilities, capacities and supply processes. If you are a candidate applying to join the 3D Hubs team, we may collect your employment history, including resume or CV, and additional links including but not limited to portfolios and social media profiles.
Private messages
When using our services, you may exchange private messages (including, but not limited to text, verbal, images, videos, locations, contact details) with us. We store these messages in order to improve our services, and as required by law.
Automatically generated information
When you visit our Website, we automatically log information about you and your computer. This information may include IP addresses, browser type, browser language, browser settings, computer operating system type, the website you visited before browsing our Website, pages you viewed on our Website, how long you spent on a page, access times and information about your use of our Website and services. We may also collect this information by using “cookies” in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Each of the categories of information above comprise your “personal information.”
How we use your personal information and on what grounds we use it
We may use your personal information as follows:
to provide our services to you;
to provide our services to you;
to facilitate any communication required for delivery of our services, including sharing your personal information as necessary to fulfill your Order;
to facilitate any communication required for delivery of our services, including sharing your personal information as necessary to fulfill your Order;
to operate, maintain, and improve our Website, products, and services;
to operate, maintain, and improve our Website, products, and services;
to respond to comments and questions and provide customer service;
to respond to comments and questions and provide customer service;
to send information including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
to send information including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
to communicate about promotions, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by us and/or our selected partners;
to communicate about promotions, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by us and/or our selected partners;
to link or combine user information with other personal information;
to link or combine user information with other personal information;
to allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website;
to allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website;
to notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it;
to notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it;
to process and deliver contest entries and rewards;
to process and deliver contest entries and rewards;
to deliver ads based on your interests, including content you have viewed and pages you have visited;
to deliver ads based on your interests, including content you have viewed and pages you have visited;
to inform marketing analytics;
to inform marketing analytics;
in any other way we may describe when you provide the information; and/or
in any other way we may describe when you provide the information; and/or
for any other purpose with your consent.
for any other purpose with your consent.
If you are a candidate applying to join the 3D Hubs team, we will use your personal information to assess the fit between you and 3D Hubs and to guide you through our recruitment process.
In addition, we may share your personal information for the following legal, protection and safety purposes:
to comply with laws;
to comply with laws;
to protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity;
to protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity;
to respond to lawful requests and legal processes;
to respond to lawful requests and legal processes;
to protect the rights and property of the 3D Hubs companies, our agents, customers, and others, including enforcing our agreements, policies, and terms of use and sale; and/or
to protect the rights and property of the 3D Hubs companies, our agents, customers, and others, including enforcing our agreements, policies, and terms of use and sale; and/or
in an emergency, this includes protecting the safety of our employees and agents, our customers or any person.
in an emergency, this includes protecting the safety of our employees and agents, our customers or any person.
We may share your personal information as follows:
We may share your personal information with the following:
our subsidiaries, affiliates and any ultimate parent company;
our subsidiaries, affiliates and any ultimate parent company;
our contractors, service providers and other third parties that we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them; and/or
our contractors, service providers and other third parties that we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them; and/or
a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of 3D Hubs' assets, or negotiation of such a business deal, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by 3D Hubs is among the assets transferred.
a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of 3D Hubs' assets, or negotiation of such a business deal, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by 3D Hubs is among the assets transferred.
We may share your personal information with your consent. For example, you may let us share personal information with third-parties for their own marketing uses. Those uses will be subject to the privacy policies of those third-parties.
We may also share aggregated and/or anonymized data with others for their own uses.
The controlling and/or processing of your personal information is based on the following:
your consent;
your consent;
the preparation or performance of an agreement with you;
the preparation or performance of an agreement with you;
compliance with a legal obligation;
compliance with a legal obligation;
our legitimate interests, namely, to provide our services to you, to resolve disputes or legal procedures or for statistical reasons, to improve our services, to negotiate an acquisition, to evaluate your application for employment, for direct-marketing purposes and/or public relations.
our legitimate interests, namely, to provide our services to you, to resolve disputes or legal procedures or for statistical reasons, to improve our services, to negotiate an acquisition, to evaluate your application for employment, for direct-marketing purposes and/or public relations.
We can be legally or contractually obliged to process your personal data. The processing of your personal data can also be necessary to enter into a contract with you. In these cases, we can only continue our relationship with you when you provide us with the needed personal data.
How long we keep your personal information
We do not retain your personal information for any longer than is necessary for the purposes mentioned in this Privacy Policy. When we process your personal information on the basis of your consent, we will store your personal information no longer than is necessary, or until you revoke your consent.
When we process your personal information on the basis of the preparation or the performance of an agreement with you, we will store your personal information for up to seven years after our agreement has ended or after resolution of the dispute, whichever comes later.
When we process your personal information on the basis of a legal obligation, we will store your personal information for the period which is determined by the law. We will process your personal information for no longer than the definitive limitation period of a legal claim we may possibly have against you. We will store judgments between you and us for twenty years.
When we process your personal information on the basis of your application to work at 3D Hubs, we will anonymize your personal data after three months, or when the vacancy is closed. For those applicants prior to May 25, 2018, we will anonymize your personal data after three years. In each case, candidates may opt-in to stay in contact for up to one year. Depending on the type of cookie, we will store your personal information for a maximum of 2 years.
Information choices and changes
When we process personal information on the basis of your consent, you may always revoke your consent.
Our marketing emails tell you how to “opt-out.” If you opt out, we may still send you non-marketing emails. Non-marketing emails include emails about your accounts and our business dealings with you.
You may send requests about personal information to our contact information below. You can request to change contact choices, opt-out of our sharing with others and/or update your personal information.
You can typically remove and reject cookies from our Website with your browser settings. Many browsers are set to accept cookies until you change your settings. If you remove or reject our cookies, it could affect how our Website works for you. In addition, to opt out of Google’s ad personalization, you can click         here.
Third-Parties
We employ third-parties to perform functions on our behalf. Examples may include, but are not limited to, hosting services, customer relationship management, analytics, personalized ad creation and implementation, invoicing, tax calculation, address validation, storage and conversion services of the uploaded 3D or other technical drawings and/or payment processing services. These selected parties may process your personal information to the extent that it is necessary to perform such functions on our behalf and subject to our instructions. We have procedures in place to ensure that these third-party companies value your privacy.
Our partners may collect data and use cookies for ad personalization and measurement.
These third-parties may be located in the EU/EEA or the United States of America (“US”). If we transfer your personal information out of Europe to a country not deemed by the European Commission to provide an adequate level of personal information protection, the transfer will be performed:
pursuant to the recipient’s compliance with standard contractual clauses, the EU-US Privacy Shield (or Swiss-US Privacy Shield, as applicable), or Binding Corporate Rules;
pursuant to the recipient’s compliance with standard contractual clauses, the EU-US Privacy Shield (or Swiss-US Privacy Shield, as applicable), or Binding Corporate Rules;
pursuant to the consent of the individual to whom the personal information pertains; and/or
pursuant to the consent of the individual to whom the personal information pertains; and/or
as otherwise permitted by applicable European requirements.
as otherwise permitted by applicable European requirements.
You may contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal information out of Europe to a country not deemed by the European Commission to provide an adequate level of personal information protection.
You may arrive at our services or Website from another website that integrates our services. 3D Hubs has no power over the websites of third-parties to which you are linked to or from. It may therefore be the case that a different privacy policy is applicable for the use of these third-party websites. This Privacy Policy only relates to information collected through the 3D Hubs services and our Website. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the operation and/or contents of the websites of third-parties. You may also share information about yourself with others via the 3D Hubs service. You are responsible for the information you share with others via the 3D Hubs services. 3D Hubs does not accept any responsibility or liability for this type of sharing.
Cookies
We may store some information in the form of so-called “cookies” on your device, such as your computer, to offer a more user-friendly and efficient Website and service. A “cookie“ is a small string of information that is saved temporarily or permanently on your computer when you visit the website.
We use:
“essential cookies” these are essential in order to enable you to move around the Website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Website;
“essential cookies” these are essential in order to enable you to move around the Website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Website;
“functional cookies” which serve the technical operation of our Website and services. These cookies remain on your computer after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to our Website. If you disable these cookies by means of your browser settings, not all functionalities of our Website and/or services will be accessible; and
“functional cookies” which serve the technical operation of our Website and services. These cookies remain on your computer after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to our Website. If you disable these cookies by means of your browser settings, not all functionalities of our Website and/or services will be accessible; and
“analytics cookies” to better understand how you interact with our Websites and services, and to improve our Website and services. These cookies remain on your computer after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to our websites and/or other websites to create personalized ads or for ad measurement.
“analytics cookies” to better understand how you interact with our Websites and services, and to improve our Website and services. These cookies remain on your computer after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to our websites and/or other websites to create personalized ads or for ad measurement.
Through cookies, we may work with Google to provide personalized ads based on the information we have collected about your personal interests (see “How we use your personal information and on what grounds we use it”). For more information about How Google Uses Information from Sites or Apps that use its Services click [here[(        https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites).
In addition to the cookies used by us and/or our service providers, some cookies are placed by third parties, such as Google. These third-party cookies are not under our control so you should check such parties’ website for further information about their use.
You may disable any cookie and delete existing cookies in your internet browser options at any time. You will find further details in the help section of your browser.
Security
We recognize our responsibility to protect the information you entrust to us. We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure.
These measures provide an appropriate level of security, taking into account the state of the art and the costs of implementation, and having regard to the risks associated with the processing and the nature of the data to be protected. These measures also aim at preventing unnecessary collection and further processing of your personal information.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on our Website.
Your rights
You have the right to request access, rectification, erasure, restriction and/or data portability. You have the right to object to the use of your personal information. However, we can decline your request if we have compelling legitimate grounds which override your interests, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. For security reasons, we reserve the right to take steps to authenticate your identity before providing access to your personal information. We will answer your request free of charge, however reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee for carrying out your request in case your request is excessive or is manifestly unfounded.
You can send your request to exercise your right(s) to legal@3dhubs.com. Please be as clear and precise as possible in your email. In any case, please state which right you want to exercise and on what ground(s). We will answer your request within one month after receipt, unless we need more time. Then we will inform you within one month after receipt of your request that we need a maximum of another two months. Within this period of time, we will notify you stating whether or not we will fulfill your request. In case we cannot fulfil your request, we will let you know on what ground.
If you have any complaints about our privacy practices, we would appreciate if you could seek contact with us first at legal@3dhubs.com. Together, we can try to find and mitigate the source of your complaint. You have the right at any time to send a complaint about our privacy practices to the authorized supervisory body. In The Netherlands, this is the         Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make any substantial changes, we may notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us (if any), and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our Website. You are responsible for providing us with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Website. Continued use of our Website following notice of such changes shall indicate Your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes. If you are not a new user and/or do not use our Website for thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you (if applicable) or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of the changes on our Website (if applicable), then the expirations of the thirty (30) days will indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
It’s important that you review the changed Privacy Policy. If you do not wish to agree to the changed Privacy Policy, then we will not be able to continue providing the Website and our services to you. In this case, you must stop accessing the Website and deactivate your 3D Hubs account.
Children’s Privacy
We are committed to complying with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). Our Website and services are not directed to children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16. If we receive personal information that we discover was provided by a child under the age of 16, we will promptly destroy such information. Schools and parents should supervise their children's online activities and consider the use of other means to provide a child-friendly online environment. Additional information is available on the Direct Marketing Association's home page at         http://www.the-dma.org. If you would like to learn more about COPPA, visit the Federal Trade Commission home page at         http://www.ftc.gov.
Questions & suggestions
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at: Head of Legal 3D Hubs B.V. Danzigerkade 23A 1013AP Amsterdam, The Netherlands +31 85 888 7380 legal@3dhubs.com
or
Head of Legal 3D Hubs Manufacturing LLC 228 East 45th Street, Suite 9E New York, NY 10017 +1 845-402-8321 legal@3dhubs.com Further contact information, including country specific contact information, may be found on         https://www.3dhubs.com.
Click here to print this Privacy Policy for your files.
About
About us
Our Platform
Quality Assurance
IP Protection
A Protolabs company
Capabilities
3D Printing Service
CNC Machining Service
CNC Milling
CNC Turning
CNC Surface Finishing
CNC Part Marking
Sheet Metal Fabrication Services
Rapid Prototyping Service
Resources
Knowledge base
The 3D printing Handbook
3D printing guide
CNC machining guide
Injection molding guide
Metal 3D printing guide
Webinars
Order from anywhere
ROI calculator
Company
Press
Jobs
Team
Become a Manufacturing Partner
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Blog
Contact
Offices
Events
Email us
Hubs Support
Call us on
Call us on
Help center
Get Instant Quote
Visit our Facebook pageVisit our LinkedIn pageVisit our Youtube pageVisit our Twitter pageVisit our Instagram page
EN
DE
FR
NL
