EN.
Last updated.
May 2020.
Your privacy is important to us.
V.
This Privacy Policy is issued on behalf of each of these companies and their affiliates, so when we mention “3D Hubs,” "we", "us" or "our" in this Privacy Policy, we are referring to the relevant 3D Hubs group entity.
In this Privacy Policy, we inform you of our practices with respect to the collection and use of your personal information when visiting our Website or using our services.
Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used here starting with a capital letter shall have the same meaning as in our General Terms of Sale.
All additional terms, guidelines, and rules, including our General Terms of Sale and Terms of Use, are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy.
Our websites, apps, products, and services are designed for businesses and their representatives.
We do not target consumers – individuals who seek to use our products and services for their personal or household purposes.
Accordingly, we treat all personal data we collect as pertaining to individuals in their business capacity and not their individual capacity.
Information provided by you.
We may collect your‎ first and last name, company name, company profile, postal address, email address, phone number, fax number, username, password, billing information, shipping information, tax registration status and number and/or demographic information (such as your gender and/or occupation), as well as other information you directly provide on our Website.
If you are a manufacturing partner, we may collect information about your capabilities, capacities and supply processes.
If you are a candidate applying to join the 3D Hubs team, we may collect your employment history, including resume or CV, and additional links including but not limited to portfolios and social media profiles.
Private messages.
When using our services, you may exchange private messages (including, but not limited to text, verbal, images, videos, locations, contact details) with us.
We store these messages in order to improve our services, and as required by law.
Automatically generated information.
When you visit our Website, we automatically log information about you and your computer.
This information may include IP addresses, browser type, browser language, browser settings, computer operating system type, the website you visited before browsing our Website, pages you viewed on our Website, how long you spent on a page, access times and information about your use of our Website and services.
We may also collect this information by using “cookies” in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Each of the categories of information above comprise your “personal information.
We may use your personal information as follows.
If you are a candidate applying to join the 3D Hubs team, we will use your personal information to assess the fit between you and 3D Hubs and to guide you through our recruitment process.
In addition, we may share your personal information for the following legal, protection and safety purposes.
We may share your personal information as follows.
We may share your personal information with the following.
We may share your personal information with your consent.
For example, you may let us share personal information with third-parties for their own marketing uses.
Those uses will be subject to the privacy policies of those third-parties.
We may also share aggregated and/or anonymized data with others for their own uses.
The controlling and/or processing of your personal information is based on the following.
We can be legally or contractually obliged to process your personal data.
The processing of your personal data can also be necessary to enter into a contract with you.
In these cases, we can only continue our relationship with you when you provide us with the needed personal data.
We do not retain your personal information for any longer than is necessary for the purposes mentioned in this Privacy Policy.
When we process your personal information on the basis of your consent, we will store your personal information no longer than is necessary, or until you revoke your consent.
When we process your personal information on the basis of the preparation or the performance of an agreement with you, we will store your personal information for up to seven years after our agreement has ended or after resolution of the dispute, whichever comes later.
When we process your personal information on the basis of a legal obligation, we will store your personal information for the period which is determined by the law.
We will store judgments between you and us for twenty years.
When we process your personal information on the basis of your application to work at 3D Hubs, we will anonymize your personal data after three months, or when the vacancy is closed.
For those applicants prior to May 25, 2018, we will anonymize your personal data after three years.
Depending on the type of cookie, we will store your personal information for a maximum of 2 years.
When we process personal information on the basis of your consent, you may always revoke your consent.
Our marketing emails tell you how to “opt-out.
Non-marketing emails include emails about your accounts and our business dealings with you.
You may send requests about personal information to our contact information below.
You can request to change contact choices, opt-out of our sharing with others and/or update your personal information.
You can typically remove and reject cookies from our Website with your browser settings.
Many browsers are set to accept cookies until you change your settings.
If you remove or reject our cookies, it could affect how our Website works for you.
We employ third-parties to perform functions on our behalf.
Examples may include, but are not limited to, hosting services, customer relationship management, analytics, personalized ad creation and implementation, invoicing, tax calculation, address validation, storage and conversion services of the uploaded 3D or other technical drawings and/or payment processing services.
These selected parties may process your personal information to the extent that it is necessary to perform such functions on our behalf and subject to our instructions.
We have procedures in place to ensure that these third-party companies value your privacy.
Our partners may collect data and use cookies for ad personalization and measurement.
These third-parties may be located in the EU/EEA or the United States of America (“US”).
If we transfer your personal information out of Europe to a country not deemed by the European Commission to provide an adequate level of personal information protection, the transfer will be performed.
You may contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal information out of Europe to a country not deemed by the European Commission to provide an adequate level of personal information protection.
You may arrive at our services or Website from another website that integrates our services.
It may therefore be the case that a different privacy policy is applicable for the use of these third-party websites.
This Privacy Policy only relates to information collected through the 3D Hubs services and our Website.
We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the operation and/or contents of the websites of third-parties.
You may also share information about yourself with others via the 3D Hubs service.
You are responsible for the information you share with others via the 3D Hubs services.
We may store some information in the form of so-called “cookies” on your device, such as your computer, to offer a more user-friendly and efficient Website and service.
A “cookie“ is a small string of information that is saved temporarily or permanently on your computer when you visit the website.
We use.
These cookies remain on your computer after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to our Website.
If you disable these cookies by means of your browser settings, not all functionalities of our Website and/or services will be accessible.
These cookies remain on your computer after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to our websites and/or other websites to create personalized ads or for ad measurement.
Through cookies, we may work with Google to provide personalized ads based on the information we have collected about your personal interests (see “How we use your personal information and on what grounds we use it”).
In addition to the cookies used by us and/or our service providers, some cookies are placed by third parties, such as Google.
You may disable any cookie and delete existing cookies in your internet browser options at any time.
You will find further details in the help section of your browser.
We recognize our responsibility to protect the information you entrust to us.
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure.
These measures provide an appropriate level of security, taking into account the state of the art and the costs of implementation, and having regard to the risks associated with the processing and the nature of the data to be protected.
These measures also aim at preventing unnecessary collection and further processing of your personal information.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website.
Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on our Website.
You have the right to request access, rectification, erasure, restriction and/or data portability.
You have the right to object to the use of your personal information.
However, we can decline your request if we have compelling legitimate grounds which override your interests, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
For security reasons, we reserve the right to take steps to authenticate your identity before providing access to your personal information.
We will answer your request free of charge, however reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee for carrying out your request in case your request is excessive or is manifestly unfounded.
You can send your request to exercise your right(s) to Please be as clear and precise as possible in your email.
In any case, please state which right you want to exercise and on what ground(s).
We will answer your request within one month after receipt, unless we need more time.
Then we will inform you within one month after receipt of your request that we need a maximum of another two months.
In case we cannot fulfil your request, we will let you know on what ground.
If you have any complaints about our privacy practices, we would appreciate if you could seek contact with us first at Together, we can try to find and mitigate the source of your complaint.
You have the right at any time to send a complaint about our privacy practices to the authorized supervisory body.
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time.
You are responsible for providing us with your most current e-mail address.
In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice.
These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Website.
Continued use of our Website following notice of such changes shall indicate Your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
If you are not a new user and/or do not use our Website for thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you (if applicable) or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of the changes on our Website (if applicable), then the expirations of the thirty (30) days will indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
It’s important that you review the changed Privacy Policy.
If you do not wish to agree to the changed Privacy Policy, then we will not be able to continue providing the Website and our services to you.
In this case, you must stop accessing the Website and deactivate your 3D Hubs account.
We are committed to complying with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
Our Website and services are not directed to children under the age of 16.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16.
If we receive personal information that we discover was provided by a child under the age of 16, we will promptly destroy such information.
Schools and parents should supervise their children's online activities and consider the use of other means to provide a child-friendly online environment.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at.
Head of Legal 3D Hubs B.
V.
Click here to print this Privacy Policy for your files.
Hubs Support.
Call us on.
