We are very delighted that you have shown interest in our enterprise.
If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from the data subject.
Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.
However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed.
For this reason, every data subject is free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means, e.
g.
To ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.
In this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following terms.
Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Member states of the European Union and other provisions related to data protection is.
+49-69-17554-900Email.
Managing directors.
DE269009289HRB.
This general data and information are stored in the server log files.
Collected may be (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers), (4) the sub-websites, (5) the date and time of access to the Internet site, (6) an Internet protocol address (IP address), (7) the Internet service provider of the accessing system, and (8) any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.
Rather, this information is needed to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2) optimize the content of our website as well as its advertisement, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack.
The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.
The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to.
If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.
Where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.
If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.
Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not required.
The data controller shall collect and process the personal data of applicants for the purpose of the processing of the application procedure.
The processing may also be carried out electronically.
This is the case, in particular, if an applicant submits corresponding application documents by e-mail or by means of a web form on the website to the controller.
If the data controller concludes an employment contract with an applicant, the submitted data will be stored for the purpose of processing the employment relationship in compliance with legal requirements.
If no employment contract is concluded with the applicant by the controller, the application documents shall be automatically erased two months after notification of the refusal decision, provided that no other legitimate interests of the controller are opposed to the erasure.
Other legitimate interest in this relation is, e.
g.
On this website, the controller has integrated components of the enterprise Adobe.
Adobe Marketing Cloud enables real-time analysis of visitor flows on Internet sites.
The real-time analysis includes project reports and allows an ad-hoc analysis of site visitors.
Customer interactions are presented in such a way as to give the controller a better overview of users‘ online activities of this website by displaying the data in simple and interactive dashboards and converting them into reports.
This enables the controller to obtain information in real-time and to identify problems that occur more quickly.
The controller ensures that the tracking data transferred to the Adobe data center is anonymized prior to geolocation.
The anonymization is implemented by replacing the last part of the IP address.
The controller has made server-sided settings, which are used to anonymize the IP address of the data subject prior to processing for geolocation and range measurement.
Adobe will use the data and information obtained via our website to analyze the user behavior of the data subject on behalf of the controller.
Adobe will also use the data to create reports on user activity on our behalf, as well as provide other services to our enterprise related to the use of our website.
The IP address of the data subject is not merged with other personal data by Adobe.
As stated above, the data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the Internet browser used, and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies.
The data subject also has the possibility of objecting to and preventing the collection of data generated by the Adobe cookie on the use of this website and the processing of this data by Adobe.
The opt-out cookie used for this purpose is placed on the information technology system used by the data subject.
If the data subject deletes the cookies from his system, then the data subject must call up the link again and set a new opt-out cookie.
On this website, the controller has integrated components of the enterprise Facebook.
Facebook is a social network.
A social network is a place for social meetings on the Internet, an online community, which usually allows users to communicate with each other and interact in a virtual space.
A social network may serve as a platform for the exchange of opinions and experiences, or enable the Internet community to provide personal or business-related information.
Facebook allows social network users to include the creation of private profiles, upload photos, and network through friend requests.
The operating company of Facebook is Facebook, Inc.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet website, which is operated by the controller and into which a Facebook component (Facebook plug-ins) was integrated, the web browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download display of the corresponding Facebook component from Facebook through the Facebook component.
If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook, Facebook detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-site of our Internet page was visited by the data subject.
This information is collected through the Facebook component and associated with the respective Facebook account of the data subject.
If the data subject clicks on one of the Facebook buttons integrated into our website, e.
g.
Facebook always receives, through the Facebook component, information about a visit to our website by the data subject, whenever the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook during the time of the call-up to our website.
This occurs regardless of whether the data subject clicks on the Facebook component or not.
If such a transmission of information to Facebook is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Facebook account before a call-up to our website is made.
In addition, it is explained there what setting options Facebook offers to protect the privacy of the data subject.
In addition, different configuration options are made available to allow the elimination of data transmission to Facebook.
These applications may be used by the data subject to eliminate a data transmission to Facebook.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service.
Web analytics is the collection, gathering, and analysis of data about the behavior of visitors to websites.
A web analysis service collects, inter alia, data about the website from which a person has come (the so-called referrer), which sub-pages were visited, or how often and for what duration a sub-page was viewed.
Web analytics are mainly used for the optimization of a website and in order to carry out a cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.
The operator of the Google Analytics component is Google Inc.
The purpose of the Google Analytics component is to analyze the traffic on our website.
Google uses the collected data and information, inter alia, to evaluate the use of our website and to provide online reports, which show the activities on our websites, and to provide other services concerning the use of our Internet site for us.
Google Analytics places a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject.
The definition of cookies is explained above.
With the setting of the cookie, Google is enabled to analyze the use of our website.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and into which a Google Analytics component was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject will automatically submit data through the Google Analytics component for the purpose of online advertising and the settlement of commissions to Google.
During the course of this technical procedure, the enterprise Google gains knowledge of personal information, such as the IP address of the data subject, which serves Google, inter alia, to understand the origin of visitors and clicks, and subsequently create commission settlements.
The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which the access was made, and the frequency of visits of our website by the data subject.
With each visit to our Internet site, such personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, will be transmitted to Google in the United States of America.
These personal data are stored by Google in the United States of America.
Google may pass these personal data collected through the technical procedure to third parties.
The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies.
Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also prevent Google Analytics from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject.
In addition, cookies already in use by Google Analytics may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.
In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a collection of data that are generated by Google Analytics, which is related to the use of this website, as well as the processing of this data by Google and the chance to preclude any such.
This browser add-on tells Google Analytics through a JavaScript, that any data and information about the visits of Internet pages may not be transmitted to Google Analytics.
The installation of the browser add-ons is considered an objection by Google.
If the information technology system of the data subject is later deleted, formatted, or newly installed, then the data subject must reinstall the browser add-ons to disable Google Analytics.
If the browser add-on was uninstalled by the data subject or any other person who is attributable to their sphere of competence, or is disabled, it is possible to execute the reinstallation or reactivation of the browser add-ons.
On this website, the controller has integrated the Google+ button as a component.
Google+ is a so-called social network.
A social network is a social meeting place on the Internet, an online community, which usually allows users to communicate with each other and interact in a virtual space.
A social network may serve as a platform for the exchange of opinions and experiences, or enable the Internet community to provide personal or business-related information.
Google+ allows users of the social network to include the creation of private profiles, upload photos and network through friend requests.
The operating company of Google+ is Google Inc.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this website, which is operated by the controller and on which a Google+ button has been integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject automatically downloads a display of the corresponding Google+ button of Google through the respective Google+ button component.
During the course of this technical procedure, Google is made aware of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.
This information is collected through the Google+ button and Google matches this with the respective Google+ account associated with the data subject.
If the data subject clicks on the Google+ button integrated on our website and thus gives a Google+ 1 recommendation, then Google assigns this information to the personal Google+ user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
Google stores the Google+ 1 recommendation of the data subject, making it publicly available in accordance with the terms and conditions accepted by the data subject in this regard.
Subsequently, a Google+ 1 recommendation given by the data subject on this website together with other personal data, such as the Google+ account name used by the data subject and the stored photo, is stored and processed on other Google services, such as search-engine results of the Google search engine, the Google account of the data subject or in other places, e.
g.
Google is also able to link the visit to this website with other personal data stored on Google.
Google further records this personal information with the purpose of improving or optimizing the various Google services.
Through the Google+ button, Google receives information that the data subject visited our website, if the data subject at the time of the call-up to our website is logged in to Google+.
This occurs regardless of whether the data subject clicks or doesn’t click on the Google+ button.
If the data subject does not wish to transmit personal data to Google, he or she may prevent such transmission by logging out of his Google+ account before calling up our website.
In the Google Advertising Network, the ads are distributed on relevant web pages using an automatic algorithm, taking into account the previously defined keywords.
If a data subject reaches our website via a Google ad, a conversion cookie is filed on the information technology system of the data subject through Google.
The definition of cookies is explained above.
A conversion cookie loses its validity after 30 days and is not used to identify the data subject.
If the cookie has not expired, the conversion cookie is used to check whether certain sub-pages, e.
The data and information collected through the use of the conversion cookie is used by Google to create visit statistics for our website.
The conversion cookie stores personal information, e.
g.
Each time we visit our Internet pages, personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, is transmitted to Google in the United States of America.
These personal data are stored by Google in the United States of America.
Google may pass these personal data collected through the technical procedure to third parties.
The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies by our website, as stated above, by means of a corresponding setting of the Internet browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies.
Such a setting of the Internet browser used would also prevent Google from placing a conversion cookie on the information technology system of the data subject.
On this website, the controller has integrated components of the service Instagram.
Instagram is a service that may be qualified as an audiovisual platform, which allows users to share photos and videos, as well as disseminate such data in other social networks.
The operating company of the services offered by Instagram is Instagram LLC, 1 Hacker Way, Building 14 First Floor, Menlo Park, CA, UNITED STATES.
During the course of this technical procedure, Instagram becomes aware of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Instagram, Instagram detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject.
This information is collected through the Instagram component and is associated with the respective Instagram account of the data subject.
If the data subject clicks on one of the Instagram buttons integrated on our website, then Instagram matches this information with the personal Instagram user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
Instagram receives information via the Instagram component that the data subject has visited our website provided that the data subject is logged in at Instagram at the time of the call to our website.
This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the Instagram button or not.
If such a transmission of information to Instagram is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she can prevent this by logging off from their Instagram account before a call-up to our website is made.
On this website, the controller has integrated Jetpack.
Jetpack is a WordPress plug-in, which provides additional features to the operator of a website based on WordPress.
Jetpack allows the Internet site operator, inter alia, an overview of the visitors of the site.
By displaying related posts and publications, or the ability to share content on the page, it is also possible to increase visitor numbers.
In addition, security features are integrated into Jetpack, so a Jetpack-using site is better protected against brute-force attacks.
Jetpack also optimizes and accelerates the loading of images on the website.
Jetpack sets a cookie on the information technology system used by the data subject.
The definition of cookies is explained above.
The data collected through the Jetpack component is not used to identify the data subject without a prior obtaining of a separate express consent of the data subject.
The data subject can, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies.
The opt-out cookie set with this purpose is placed on the information technology system used by the data subject.
If the cookies are deleted on the system of the data subject, then the data subject must call up the link again and set a new opt-out cookie.
The controller has integrated components of the LinkedIn Corporation on this website.
LinkedIn is a web-based social network that enables users with existing business contacts to connect and to make new business contacts.
Over 400 million registered people in more than 200 countries use LinkedIn.
Thus, LinkedIn is currently the largest platform for business contacts and one of the most visited websites in the world.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a LinkedIn component (LinkedIn plug-in) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to the download of a display of the corresponding LinkedIn component of LinkedIn.
If the data subject is logged in at the same time on LinkedIn, LinkedIn detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject.
This information is collected through the LinkedIn component and associated with the respective LinkedIn account of the data subject.
If the data subject clicks on one of the LinkedIn buttons integrated on our website, then LinkedIn assigns this information to the personal LinkedIn user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
LinkedIn receives information via the LinkedIn component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in at LinkedIn at the time of the call-up to our website.
This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the LinkedIn button or not.
If such a transmission of information to LinkedIn is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their LinkedIn account before a call-up to our website is made.
On this website, the controller has integrated components of XING.
XING is an Internet-based social network that enables users to connect with existing business contacts and to create new business contacts.
The individual users can create a personal profile of themselves at XING.
Companies may, e.
g.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a XING component (XING plug-in) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding XING component of XING.
If the data subject is logged in at the same time on XING, XING detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject.
This information is collected through the XING component and associated with the respective XING account of the data subject.
If the data subject clicks on the XING button integrated on our Internet site, e.
g.
XING receives information via the XING component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in at XING at the time of the call to our website.
This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the XING component or not.
If such a transmission of information to XING is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she can prevent this by logging off from their XING account before a call-up to our website is made.
On this website, the controller has integrated components of YouTube.
YouTube is an Internet video portal that enables video publishers to set video clips and other users free of charge, which also provides free viewing, review and commenting on them.
YouTube allows you to publish all kinds of videos, so you can access both full movies and TV broadcasts, as well as music videos, trailers, and videos made by users via the Internet portal.
The operating company of YouTube is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave.
The YouTube, LLC is a subsidiary of Google Inc.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a YouTube component (YouTube video) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding YouTube component.
If the data subject is logged in on YouTube, YouTube recognizes with each call-up to a sub-page that contains a YouTube video, which specific sub-page of our Internet site was visited by the data subject.
This information is collected by YouTube and Google and assigned to the respective YouTube account of the data subject.
YouTube and Google will receive information through the YouTube component that the data subject has visited our website, if the data subject at the time of the call to our website is logged in on YouTube.
If such a transmission of this information to YouTube and Google is not desirable for the data subject, the delivery may be prevented if the data subject logs off from their own YouTube account before a call-up to our website is made.
Art.
6(1) lit.
If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit.
The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services.
Is our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfillment of tax obligations, the processing is based on Art.
6(1) lit.
In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person.
This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party.
Then the processing would be based on Art.
6(1) lit.
Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6(1) lit.
This legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data.
Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator.
He considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR).
Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit.
The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period.
After expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or the initiation of a contract.
Requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data.
We clarify that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.
g.
g.
Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that the data subject provides us with personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us.
The data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us with personal data when our company signs a contract with him or her.
The non-provision of the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the data subject could not be concluded.
Before personal data is provided by the data subject, the data subject must contact any employee.
The employee clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of non-provision of the personal data.
As a responsible company, we do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.
