9Solutions.
Home.
SolutionsCare home solutionHome care solutionHospital systemPersonal safety solution.
Care home solution.
Home care solution.
Hospital system.
Personal safety solution.
References.
CompanyAbout usEnvironmental ResponsibilityCareersPress.
About us.
Environmental Responsibility.
Careers.
Press.
News.
Contact.
Extranet.
Smooth.
Suomi.
English.
Svenska.
Sitemap.
9Solutions Privacy Policy.
Updated.
5.
2.
2021.
Privacy Statement​.
9Solutions Group and its subsidiaries are committed to respect your privacy.
This Privacy Policy (Policy) outlines your rights to privacy and our commitment to safeguard your personal data.
​9Solutions is an European corporation and it’s head office is located in Oulu, Finland.
9Solutions Group is subject to European privacy legislation, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
​ All major decisions regarding privacy in 9Solutions are made at a corporate level and supervised by the Data Protection Officer (DPO).
​.
How and when does the Privacy Policy apply​.
This Privacy Policy applies to all business processes in 9Solutions and to all 9Solutions services and the Site, the Mobile Applications, websites, domains and cloud services.
This privacy policy (“Policy”) describes how we collect and use personal data.
We assure you that your confidential personal information will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it.
​The Privacy Statement provides information about data processing carried out by 9Solutions when 9Solutions determines the purpose and means of the processing (9Solutions act as data controller).
It also provides information on data processing 9Solutions do on behalf of our Customers based on their instructions (the Customer as data controller and 9Solutions as data processor).
Personal data is information that can identify you as a person, such as an email address, street address or phone number etc.
Processing your personal data is necessary for us to serve our Customers.
Please do not use 9Solutions Sites or our services if you do not agree with how we process personal data according to this Privacy Statement.
Policy does not cover any applications, Web sites, products or services that we do not control or own.
What kind of information we collect​.
We use technologies like cookies (small files stored on your browser), web beacons, or unique device identifiers to identify your computer or device so we can deliver a better experience.
We collect information about your use of an Mobile Application, the 9Solutions Services and/or the Site and includes, without limitation, connection and service-related data submitted to us through your use of an Application, the 9Solutions Services or the Site.
Session and Usage Data includes information relating to the connection request, server communication and data sharing, including network measurements, quality of service, and date, time and location of the 9Solutions.
When you interact with us or use an Application, the 9Solutions Services or our Site, our systems may automatically collect your unique User Device number, the IP address, type of browser or operating system you use, and the dates and times of your use.
We also collect personally identifiable information that you provide to us, such as your name, device name, phone number or email address.
Our systems may associate this personal information with your activities in the course of providing service to you (such as pages you view or things you click on or search for).
You can sign into your account to see any personally identifiable information we have stored, such as your name, email, or phone number.
You can also contact us by email to request to see this information.
On certain occasions, we may also handle customer data in the 9Solutions Services.
This happens with certain system integrations and when the customer organization decides to activate such activity or utilize 9Solutions Service for processing such data.
This kind of data is handled with care and only used for enabling the use of the agreed services.
9Solutions provides customer organization with means to limit the access to such data and the customer organization is responsible for ensuring this is enforced when using 9Solutions services.
9Solutions is collecting log-information when such data is accessed.
In such situations, as described above, 9Solutions acts as a processor.
What we do with the information​.
We do not share personally identifiable information (such as name, address, email or phone) with other companies for marketing purposes.
We do not allow advertising companies to collect data through our service for ad targeting.
Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how our services are used.
They use this data solely on our behalf.
They do not share it except in aggregate form.
no data is shared as to any individual user.
To operate the service, we also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances.
(1) with your express consent, (2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, (3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets.
Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.
Protect and Store of Personal Data​.
We take reasonable steps to secure your personally identifiable information against unauthorized access or disclosure.
We encrypt transmission of data on pages where you provide payment information.
However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.
Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where we do business.
We will only retain your personal data as long as necessary for the stated purpose, while also taking into account our need to answer queries or resolve problems and to comply with legal requirements under applicable laws.
This means that 9Solutions may retain your personal data for a reasonable period after you and our Customer’s last interaction with us.
When the personal data that we collected is no longer required we erase it.
We may process data for statistical purposes, but in such cases, data will be pseudonymised or anonymised.
Changes to this Privacy Policy​.
If this privacy policy changes in any way, we will place an updated version on this page.
Regularly reviewing this page ensures you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, your sole recourse is to immediately stop all use of all Mobile Applications, the 9Solutions Services and the Site.
Your continued use of any Application, the 9Solutions Services or the Site following the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy.
If you have any further queries please contact us .
Tel.
+358 20 752 9050.
Contact information.
FinlandElektroniikkatie 2, FI-90590 Oulu.
SwedenC/O Hetch, Henckels torg 2, 252 36 HelsingborgPostal address.
Redaregatan 48, 252 36 Helsingborg.
24/7 Technical support.
+358 20 752 9055Switchboard.
+358 20 752 9050.
Business id.
2269554-4VATT number.
FI22695544.
PressInvestorsInvoicingCareersContact usPrivacy Policy.
Press.
Investors.
Invoicing.
Careers.
Contact us.
Privacy Policy.
Awards & acknowledgements.
Hei, miten voimme auttaa.
Etunimi*.
Sukunimi*.
Sähköpostiosoite*.
Puhelinnumero.
Viesti*.
EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Yhteystiedot.
SuomiElektroniikkatie 2, 90590 Oulu.
RuotsiC/O Hetch, Henckels torg 2, 252 36 HelsingborgPostiosoite.
Redaregatan 48, 252 36 Helsingborg.
Y-Tunnus.
2269554-4ALV numero.
FI22695544.
Hello, how can we help you.
First Name*.
Last Name*.
Email*.
Phone number.
Message*.
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Contact information.
FinlandElektroniikkatie 2, FI-90590 Oulu.
SwedenC/O Hetch, Henckels torg 2, 252 36 HelsingborgPostal address.
Redaregatan 48, 252 36 Helsingborg.
Hej, hur kan vi hjälpa dig.
Ditt förnamn*.
Ditt efternamn*.
Din e-postadress*.
Ditt telefonnummer.
Skriv ditt meddelande här*.
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Kontaktuppgifter.
SverigeC/O Hetch, Henckels torg 2, 252 36 HelsingborgPostadress.
Redaregatan 48, 252 36 Helsingborg.
FinlandElektroniikkatie 2, FI-90590 Uleåborg.
Hei, miten voin auttaa.
Lähetä viesti.
Vastaanottaja.
Etunimi*.
Sukunimi*.
Sähköpostiosoite*.
Puhelinnumero.
Viesti*.
CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Etunimi 40 123 4567.
Hello, how can I help you.
Send a message.
Receiver.
First Name*.
Last Name*.
Email*.
Phone Number.
Message*.
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Etunimi 40 123 4567.
Hej, hur kan jag hjälpa dig.
Skicka ett meddelande.
Receiver.
Ditt förnamn*.
Ditt efternamn*.
Din e-postadress*.
Ditt telefonnummer.
Skriv ditt meddelande här*.
CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Etunimi 40 123 4567.
Tilaa uutiskirje.
