To get information relevant for your region, we recommend visiting our European website instead.
Register/   Log In.
Account Setting Log Out.
Account Setting.
Log Out.
MyAdvantech.
Search.
MyAdvantech Registration.
MyAdvantech is a personalized portal for Advantech customers.
By becoming an Advantech member, you can receive latest product news, webinar invitations and special eStore offers.
Sign up today to get 24/7 quick access to your account information.
Case Study.
ProductsEmbedded ComputingAIoT Software, Distribution & ServicesArm-Based Computing PlatformsComputer On ModulesDigital Signage PlayersEdge AI & Intelligence SolutionsEmbedded PCsEmbedded Single Board ComputersFanless Embedded ComputersGaming Platform SolutionsIndustrial Display SystemsIndustrial Flash & Memory SolutionsIndustrial MotherboardsIndustrial Wireless SolutionsWireless ePaper Display SolutionsApplied Computing (Design & Manufacturing Service)Industrial AutomationAutomation Controllers & I/OCertified SolutionsClass I, Division 2 SolutionData Acquisition (DAQ)Embedded Automation ComputersGateways & Remote Terminal Units (RTUs)Human Machine InterfacesMachine AutomationPanel PCPower & EnergyRemote I/OWebAccess Software & Edge SRPWireless I/O & SensorsIntelligent ConnectivityCellular Routers and GatewaysEthernet / Serial Device ServersFiber & PoE Converters, Injectors, ExtendersIndustrial Ethernet SwitchesIndustrial Protocol GatewaysIndustrial Wireless and GatewaysIntelligent Connectivity SoftwareSerial / USB CommunicationsTelematics Converters and GatewaysIntelligent SystemsCPCI & VPXIndustrial Computer ChassisIndustrial Computer PeripheralsIndustrial GPU SolutionsIndustrial MotherboardsIntelligent Transportation SystemsModular IPCSlot SBC & BackplanesCloud, Networking & ServersIndustrial, Telecom and Cloud ServersNetwork Interface & Acceleration CardsNetwork Security AppliancesSD-WAN & uCPE PlatformsWISE-STACK Private CloudComputer Vision & Video SolutionAdvanced Video AppliancesAI Jetson PlatformsIntelligent Vision Camera & SoftwareVideo & Vision CardsIntelligent HealthcareiHospital SolutionMedical CartsMedical ComputersMedical MonitorsMedical TabletsOR Video SolutionsIntelligent Mobile Solutions & LogisticsIndustrial TabletsIn-Vehicle & Sensing SolutionsIntelligent City Services & RetailAll-in-One Touch Computers & KiosksiCity Service & iRetail SolutionPOS & TabletsSignage & Edge ComputersMobile Computing SolutionsCertified PeripheralsPower SupplyCPU and Memory FinderProduct A-Z.
Embedded Computing.
AIoT Software, Distribution & Services.
Arm-Based Computing Platforms.
Computer On Modules.
Digital Signage Players.
Edge AI & Intelligence Solutions.
Embedded PCs.
Embedded Single Board Computers.
Fanless Embedded Computers.
Gaming Platform Solutions.
Industrial Display Systems.
Industrial Flash & Memory Solutions.
Industrial Motherboards.
Industrial Wireless Solutions.
Wireless ePaper Display Solutions.
Applied Computing (Design & Manufacturing Service).
Industrial Automation.
Automation Controllers & I/O.
Certified Solutions.
Class I, Division 2 Solution.
Data Acquisition (DAQ).
Embedded Automation Computers.
Gateways & Remote Terminal Units (RTUs).
Human Machine Interfaces.
Machine Automation.
Panel PC.
Power & Energy.
Remote I/O.
WebAccess Software & Edge SRP.
Wireless I/O & Sensors.
Intelligent Connectivity.
Cellular Routers and Gateways.
Ethernet / Serial Device Servers.
Fiber & PoE Converters, Injectors, Extenders.
Industrial Ethernet Switches.
Industrial Protocol Gateways.
Industrial Wireless and Gateways.
Intelligent Connectivity Software.
Serial / USB Communications.
Telematics Converters and Gateways.
Intelligent Systems.
CPCI & VPX.
Industrial Computer Chassis.
Industrial Computer Peripherals.
Industrial GPU Solutions.
Industrial Motherboards.
Intelligent Transportation Systems.
Modular IPC.
Slot SBC & Backplanes.
Cloud, Networking & Servers.
Industrial, Telecom and Cloud Servers.
Network Interface & Acceleration Cards.
Network Security Appliances.
SD-WAN & uCPE Platforms.
WISE-STACK Private Cloud.
Computer Vision & Video Solution.
Advanced Video Appliances.
AI Jetson Platforms.
Intelligent Vision Camera & Software.
Video & Vision Cards.
Intelligent Healthcare.
iHospital Solution.
Medical Carts.
Medical Computers.
Medical Monitors.
Medical Tablets.
OR Video Solutions.
Intelligent Mobile Solutions & Logistics.
Industrial Tablets.
In-Vehicle & Sensing Solutions.
Intelligent City Services & Retail.
All-in-One Touch Computers & Kiosks.
iCity Service & iRetail Solution.
POS & Tablets.
Signage & Edge Computers.
Mobile Computing Solutions.
Certified Peripherals.
Power Supply.
CPU and Memory Finder.
Product A-Z.
SolutionsSolutionsEmbedded Solutions & Design-in ServiceEnergy & EnvironmentiFactoryiHealthcareiLogisticsIndustrial and Telecom ServersEmptyIndustrial Equipment ManufacturingIntelligent Transportation SystemsIoT Edge Intelligence Solutions and ServicesiRetailVideo SolutionsDesign & Manufacturing Services.
Solutions.
Embedded Solutions & Design-in Service.
Energy & Environment.
iFactory.
iHealthcare.
iLogistics.
Industrial and Telecom Servers.
Empty.
Industrial Equipment Manufacturing.
Intelligent Transportation Systems.
IoT Edge Intelligence Solutions and Services.
iRetail.
Video Solutions.
Design & Manufacturing Services.
ServicesAdvantech Global ServicesDesign To Order Services.
Advantech Global Services.
Design To Order Services.
PartnersChannel PartnersBusiness Alliance PartnerWISE-PaaS Alliance.
Channel Partners.
Business Alliance Partner.
WISE-PaaS Alliance.
Support                                                            Downloads                                                                                Resources                                                                                    Check your products information                                        RMA ServicesService Request Form                                                Warranties                                                                                    IoT Academy                                    WISE-PaaS ForumWISE-PaaS Technical Documentation.
Downloads.
Resources.
Check your products information.
RMA Services.
Service Request Form.
Warranties.
IoT Academy.
WISE-PaaS Forum.
WISE-PaaS Technical Documentation.
CorporateAbout AdvantechCompany InformationExecutive TeamAdvantech MagazinePress RoomEventsAdvantech ConnectInvestor RelationsPerformance OverviewBoard of DirectorsRisk ManagementEvents & PresentationsNewsEmployeeSustainabilitySustainability ManagementGreen OperationEmployees CareSustainable SolutionsIndustry–Academia CollaborationCommunity CareReports and DocumentsCareersJobs Search.
About Advantech.
Company Information.
Executive Team.
Advantech Magazine.
Press Room.
Events.
Advantech Connect.
Investor Relations.
Performance Overview.
Board of Directors.
Risk Management.
Events & Presentations.
News.
Employee.
Sustainability.
Sustainability Management.
Green Operation.
Employees Care.
Sustainable Solutions.
Industry–Academia Collaboration.
Community Care.
Reports and Documents.
Careers.
Jobs Search.
Contact.
eStore.
WISE-Marketplace.
A-Connect.
Legal /.
Privacy Policy /.
Advantech Privacy Statement.
Last Updated.
February 2022.
Your privacy is important to us.
This privacy statement explains what personal data Advantech Co.
, Ltd.
(hereinafter referred to as "Advantech") collects from you (including but not limited to employee, customer, supplier and any third party who use the service of Advantech ), through our interactions with you and through our products, and how we use that data.
Advantech offers a wide range of products, from  server products used to help operate enterprises worldwide, devices you use in  your company, software for engineers use at factory, and services developers  use to create and host what’s next.
References to Advantech products in this  statement include Advantech services, websites, software, servers and devices.
Please read the product-specific details in this  privacy statement, which provide additional information about some of Advantech  products.
This statement applies to Advantech’s interactions with you and the  Advantech products listed below, as well as other  Advantech products that display this statement.
I.
Official Platform.
MyAdvantech, eStore, CRM, official website,         II.
Advantech Software WebAccess .
WISE-PaaS/EdgeLink, Intelligent wards (iWards), UFleet+ and UShop+        III.
Third Party Platforms .
Hubspot, Siebel, SalesForce.
com, Live Chat.
Agenda.
Personal Data We Collect.
How We Use Personal Data.
Reasons We Share Personal Data.
How to Access & Control Your Personal  Data.
Lawful Basis for Processing Your Personal  Data.
How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Data.
Your Information and Countries Outside Europe.
Protection Of Privacy.
Your Rights.
How to Contact Us.
Privacy Notice for California Consumers.
KVKK Personal Data Protection Policy.
KVKK Clarification Text on the Contact Form Process.
KVKK Confidentiality Agreement and Term of Use.
1.
Personal Data We Collect.
Advantech collects data to operate effectively and  provide you the best experiences with our products.
You provide some of this  data directly, such as when you create an Advantech account, administer your  organization’s licensing account, submit a search query to resources center,  register for an Advantech event, subscribe to marketing emails, purchase an Advantech product,  sign up for MyAdvantech, or contact us for support.
We get some of it by  recording how you interact with our products by, for example, using  technologies like cookies, and receiving error reports or usage data from  software running on your device.
We also obtain data from third parties.
We protect  data obtained from third parties according to the practices described in this  statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed  by the source of the data.
These third-party sources vary over time, but have  included.
Data brokers from whom       we purchase demographic data to supplement the data we collect.
Social networks when       you grant permission to an Advantech product to access your data on one or       more networks.
Service providers that       help us determine a location based on your IP address in order to       customize certain products to your location.
Partners with which we       offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities, and.
Publicly-available       sources such as open government databases or other data in the public       domain.
You have choices about the data we  collect.
When you are asked to provide personal data, you may decline.
But if  you choose not to provide data that is necessary to provide a product or  feature, you may not be able to use that product or feature.
The data we collect depends on the  context of your interactions with Advantech, the choices you make, including  your privacy settings, and the products and features you use.
The data we  collect can include the following.
A.
Name and contact data.
We collect your first and last name,  email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
B.
Credentials.
We collect passwords, password hints,  and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
C.
Demographic data.
We collect data about you such as your  age, gender, country, and preferred language.
D.
Payment data.
We collect data necessary to process  your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number  (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your  payment instrument.
E.
Device and Usage data.
We collect data about your device and  how you and your device interact with Advantech and our products.
For example,  we collect.
Product use data.
We collect data about the features you use, the items you purchase, and the web pages you visit.
This data includes your voice and text search queries or commands to MyAdvantech, eStore, and our Live Chat.
This also includes the settings you select and the software configurations you use most.
Device, connectivity and configuration data.
We collect data about your device and the network you use to connect to our products.
It includes data about the operating systems and other software installed on your device, including product keys.
It also includes IP address, device identifiers (such as the registration ID and phone numbers), and regional and language settings.
Error reports and performance data.
We collect data about the performance of the products and any problems you experience with them.
This data helps us to diagnose problems in the products you use, and to improve our products and provide solutions.
Depending on your product and settings, error reports (sometimes called “crash dumps”) can include data such as the type or severity of the problem, details of the software or hardware related to an error, contents of files you were using when an error occurred, and data about other software on your device.
Troubleshooting and Help Data.
When you engage Advantech for troubleshooting and help, we collect data about you and your hardware, software, and other details related to the incident.
Such data includes contact or authentication data, the content of your chats and other communications with Advantech, data about the condition of the machine and the application when the fault occurred and during diagnostics, and system and registry data about software installations and hardware configurations.
F.
Interests and favorites.
We collect data about your interests and favorites,  such as the products you interested in, the Business application area you  prefer, the Solution topic you track in Advantech website, or the favorite product  you add to eStore shopping cart.
In addition to those you explicitly provide,  your interests and favorites may also be inferred or derived from other data we  collect.
G.
Contacts and relationships.
We collect data about your contacts and  relationships if you use an Advantech product to manage contacts, for example MyAdvantech,  or to communicate or interact with other people or organizations, for example Live  Chat and worldwide trade show.
H.
Location data.
For products with location-enhanced features, we  collect data about your location, which can be either precise or imprecise.
Precise location data can be Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) data  (e.
g.
, GPS), as well as data identifying nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi hotspots,  we collect when you enable location-based products or features.
Imprecise  location data includes, for example, a location derived from your IP address or  data that indicates where you are located with less  precision, such as at a city or postal code level.
I.
Content.
We collect content of your files and communications  when necessary to provide you with the products you use.
For example, if you  transmit a file using Live Chat, we need to collect the content of that file to  display it to you and the other user as you direct.
If you receive a data using  Live Chat, we need to collect the content of that data to deliver it to your  inbox, display it to you, enable you to reply to it, and store it for you until  you choose to delete it.
Other data we collect to provide communication  services to you include the.
subject line and body of an email,.
text or other content of an instant message,.
audio and video recording of a video message, and.
audio recording and       transcript of a voice message you receive or a text message you dictate.
J.
Video.
If you enter Advantech headquarters, office  buildings or other facilities, or attend an Advantech event, your image may be  captured by our security cameras.
If you use eStore and MyAdvantech, at your direction,  we may also collect payment card information, receipt data, or financial  transaction data, to provide the service.
If you use Enterprise Online Services,  WebAccess, Intelligent wards (iWards), UFleet+ and UShop+, Advantech  collects Customer Data (including content), Support  Data, and Administrator Data, defined below in  the Enterprise and Developer Products section.
We also collect information you provide  to us and the content of messages you send to us, such as feedback and product reviews you  write, or questions and information you provide for customer support.
When you  contact us, such as for customer support, phone conversations or chat sessions  with our representatives may be monitored and recorded.
Product-specific sections below describe data  collection practices applicable to use of those products.
Advantech will not collect any personal data about you (e.
g.
your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address), unless you voluntarily  choose to provide us with it (e.
g.
by registration, surveys, etc.
).
Advantech  is the sole owner of the information collected on our web sites.
Under no  circumstances will we share your customer information with anyone other than  those directly involved with the purchase and shipment of your order, unless  you explicitly give us permission to do so.
We may use your e-mail address to  notify you of special offers and promotions that you are eligible to  participate in as a registered customer.
You may decline this service.
K.
Non-Personal Data Collected Automatically.
When you  access our Web site, we may automatically (i.
e.
, not by registration) collect  non-personal data (e.
g.
type of Internet browser and operating system used, IP  address, domain name of the Web site from which you came, number of visits,  average time spent on the site, pages viewed).
We use this data to monitor web  interaction, analyses trends improve performance and content and study the  needs of customers more closely.
This will be performed in accordance with the  applicable data privacy protection legal framework.
*Cookies.
Most Advantech Sites use "cookies," small text files that can be read by a web server in the domain that put the cookie on your hard drive.
We may use cookies to store your preferences and settings.
help with sign-in.
provide targeted ads.
and analyze site operations.
L.
EU-U.
S.
& Swiss-U.
S.
Privacy Shield.
Advantech adheres to the principles of the EU-U.
S.
and Swiss-U.
S.
Privacy Shield frameworks.
2.
How We Use Personal Data.
Advantech uses  the data we collect for three basic purposes, described in more detail below.
(1) to operate our business and provide (including improving and personalizing) the  products we offer, (2) to send communications, including promotional communications,  and (3) to show advertising, whether in our own products supported by advertising like eDM and Campaign, or in products offered by third parties.
The proportion of customer information used in (2) & (3) is currently about 55%, and it is carried out with the consent of the customers.
In carrying out these  purposes, we combine data we collect to give you a more seamless, consistent  and personalized experience.
For example, MyAdvantech and eStore can use information  about the products and services you use to make personalized Solution Ready Packages  recommendations.
However, to enhance privacy, we have built in technological  and procedural safeguards designed to prevent certain data combinations.
For  example, we store data we collect from you when you are unauthenticated (not  signed in) separately from any account information  that directly identifies you, such as your name, email address or phone number.
A.
Providing and improving our products.
We use data to  provide and improve the products we offer and perform essential business  operations.
This includes operating the products, maintaining and improving the  performance of the products, developing new features, conducting research, and  providing customer support.
Examples of such uses include the following.
Providing the Products.
We use data to carry out your transactions with us and to provide our products to you.
Often, those products include personalized features and recommendations that enhance your productivity and enjoyment, and automatically tailor your product experiences based on the data we have about your activities, interests and location.
Customer support.
We use data to       diagnose product problems, repair customers' devices, and provide other customer care and support services.
Product activation.
We use data—such as       device and application type, location, and unique device, application, network and subscription identifiers—to activate software and devices that require activation.
Product Improvement.
We use data to       continually improve our products, including adding new features or capabilities.
For example, we use error reports to improve security features, search queries and clicks in Bing to improve the relevancy of the search results, usage data to determine what new features to prioritize, and audio recordings from voice input features to improve speech recognition accuracy.
Security, Safety and Dispute Resolution.
We use data to protect the security and safety of our products and our customers, to detect and prevent fraud, to confirm the validity of software licenses, to resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Our security features and products can disrupt the operation of malicious software and notify users if malicious software is found on their devices.
Business Operations.
We use data to       develop aggregate analysis and business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions, and report on the performance of our business.
B.
Communications.
We use data we collect to  communicate with you and personalize our communications with you.
For example,  we may contact you by phone or email or other means to inform you when a  subscription is ending, discuss your licensing account, let you know when security updates are available, remind you about items left  in your online shopping cart, update you or inquire about a service or repair  request, invite you to participate in a survey, or tell you that you need to  take action to keep your account active.
Additionally, you can sign up for  email subscriptions and choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications  from Advantech by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone.
For information  about managing your contact data, email subscriptions and promotional  communications, please visit the Access and Controls section of this privacy statement.
C.
Advertising.
Advantech does  not use what you say in email, chat, video calls or voice mail, or your  documents, photos or other personal files to target ads to you.
We use data we  collect through our interactions with you, through some of our products and on  third-party web properties, to show advertising.
For example.
Advantech may use your data to select and deliver some of the ads you see on Advantech web properties, such as advantech.
com, MyAdvantech and eStore.
When the advertising ID  is enabled in Advantech.
com as part of your privacy settings, Advantech       apps can access and use the advertising ID (much the same way that       websites can access and use a unique identifier stored in a cookie) to select and deliver ads.
We may share data we collect with third parties, such as Siebel, Salesforce, and Google Analytics so we can service you better and target our marketing messages to your preferences.
Nevertheless, we will ensure that those third parties comply with the data protection legislation applicable.
Advertisers       may choose to place our web beacons on       their sites in order to allow Advantech to collect information on their       sites such as activities, purchases and visits.
we use this data on       behalf of our advertising customers to help target their ads.
We also       share data directly with service providers, such as Live Chat to permit       them to provide services on our behalf or to partner with us in selecting       and serving ads for our advertising partners.
The ads that you  see may be selected based on data we process about you, such as your interests  and favorites, your location, your transactions, how you use our products, your  search queries, or the content you view.
The ads that you  see may also be selected based on other information learned about you over time  using demographic data,  location data, search queries, usage data from our  products and sites, as well as the sites and apps of our advertisers and  partners.
We refer to these ads as "interest-based advertising" in  this statement.
For example, if you view gaming content on advantech.
com, you  may see offers for gaming on Advantech’s marketing emails.
To provide interest-based advertising, we  combine cookies placed on your device using information that we collect (such  as IP address) when your browser interacts with our websites.
If you opt out of  receiving interest-based advertising, data associated with these cookies will  not be used.
Further details regarding  our advertising-related uses of data include.
Children and Advertising.
We do not deliver interest-based advertising to children whose birthdate in their Advantech account identifies them as under 16 years of age.
Data Retention.
For interest-based       advertising, we retain data for no more than 12 months, unless we obtain your consent to retain the data longer.
Data Sharing.
In some cases, we       share with advertisers reports about the data we have collected on their sites or ads.
Data Collected by Other Advertising Companies.
Advertisers sometimes include their own web beacons (or those of their other advertising partners) within their advertisements that we display, enabling them to set and read their own cookie.
Additionally, Advantech partners with third-party ad companies to help provide some of our advertising services, and we also allow other third-party ad companies to display advertisements on our sites.
These third parties may place cookies on your computer and collect data about your online activities across websites or online services.
These companies may also be members of the NAI or DAA, which each provide a simple way to opt out of ad targeting from participating companies.
3.
Reasons We Share Personal Data.
We share your  personal data with your consent or as necessary to complete any transaction or  provide any product you have requested or authorized.
For example, we share your  content with third parties when you tell us to do so.
When you provide payment  data to make a purchase, we will share payment data with banks and other  entities that process payment transactions or provide other financial services,  and for fraud prevention and credit risk reduction.
In addition, we share  personal data among Advantech-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries.
We also  share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the  purposes described in this statement.
For example, companies we've hired to  provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our  systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those  functions.
In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and  security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive  from us for any other purpose.
We may also disclose personal data as part of a  corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets.
Finally, we will access,  transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, including your content, when we  have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to.
comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies.
protect our customers, for example to prevent spam or attempts to defraud users of our products, or to help prevent the loss of life or serious injury of anyone.
operate and maintain the security of our products, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks.
or.
protect the rights or property of Advantech, including enforcing the terms governing the use of the services - however, if we receive information indicating that someone is using our services to traffic in stolen intellectual or physical property of Advantech, we will not inspect a customer's private content ourselves, but we may refer the matter to law enforcement.
Please note that  some of our products include links to products of third parties whose privacy  practices differ from Advantech's.
If you provide personal data to any of those  products, your data is governed by their privacy statements.
4.
How to Access & Control Your Personal Data.
You can view,  edit, or delete your personal data online from many of Advantech’s websites.
You can  also make choices about Advantech's collection and use of your data.
How you  can access or control your personal data will depend on which Websites you use.
For example.
Advantech Account (My       Advantech and eStore).
If you wish to access, edit, or remove the profile       information and payment information in your Advantech       account, change your password, add security information or close       your account, you can do so.
From here, you can also access controls for       other Advantech products.
Advantech Store.
You can access your       Advantech Store profile and account information, and clicking on "View account" or "Order history".
Advantech.
com You can access and       update your profile on Advantech.
com.
If you cannot access certain personal data collected by Advantech via the links above or directly through the Advantech websites you use, you can always contact Advantech by visiting our Contact us page.
We will respond to requests to access or delete your personal data within 30 days.
A.
Your  Communications Preferences.
You can choose  whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Advantech by email,  SMS, physical mail, and telephone.
If you receive promotional email or SMS  messages from us and would like to opt out, you can do so by following the directions  in that message.
You can also make choices about the receipt of promotional  email, telephone calls, and postal mail by signing in with  your personal Advantech account, and viewing your communication permissions where you can update  contact information, manage Advantech-wide contact preferences, opt out of  email subscriptions, and choose whether to share your contact information with  Advantech partners.
If you do not have a personal Advantech account, you can  manage your Advantech email contact preferences by using this web form[link to form].
These choices do not apply  to mandatory service communications that are part of certain Advantech  services, or to surveys or other informational communications that have their  own unsubscribe method.
B.
Your Advertising Choices.
You may opt out of receiving  interest-based advertising from Advantech by visiting here (Please click "User" in upper right corner then click "My Profile" and you will be able to update your preference).
When you opt out, your  selection will be stored in a cookie that is specific to the web  browser you are using.
The opt-out cookie has an expiration date of five years.
If you delete the cookies on your device, you will need to opt out again.
You can also link your  opt-out choice with your personal Advantech account.
It will then apply on any  device where you use that account, and will continue to apply until  someone signs in with a different personal Advantech account on that device.
If  you delete the cookies on your device, you will need to sign in again for the settings  to apply.
For advertising that appears  in apps on Windows, you may use the opt-out linked to your personal Advantech  account, or opt out of interest-based advertising by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.
Because the data used for  interest-based advertising is also used for other legitimate and necessary  purposes (including providing our products, analytics and fraud detection),  opting out of interest-based advertising does not stop that data from being  collected.
Nor does it mean you will stop getting ads or see fewer ads.
However, if you do opt out, the ads you receive will no longer be  interest-based and may be less relevant to your interests.
You can opt out of receiving  interest-based advertising from third parties we partner with by visiting their  sites.
C.
Browser-Based Controls.
Cookie Controls.
Relevant browser-based cookie controls are described in       the Cookies section of this privacy statement.
Tracking Protection.
Internet Explorer       (versions 9 and up) has a feature called Tracking Protection that will block third-party content, including cookies, from any site that is listed in a Tracking Protection List you add.
By limiting calls to these sites, the browser will limit the information these third-party sites can collect about you.
Browser Controls for "Do Not Track.
" Some browsers have incorporated "Do Not       Track" (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked.
Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, Advantech services do not currently respond to browser DNT signals.
Advantech continues to work with the online industry to define a common understanding of how to       treat DNT signals.
In the meantime, you can use the range of other tools Advantech provides to control data collection and use, including the ability to opt-out of receiving interest-based advertising from Advantech as described above.
D.
Cookie.
What sort of cookies does the Advantech use.
Generally, our  cookies perform up to three different functions.
Essential Cookies.
Some cookies are essential for the operation of our website.
For example, some  cookies allow us to identify subscribers and ensure they can access the  subscription only pages.
If a subscriber opts to disable these cookies, the  user will not be able to access all of the content that a subscription entitles  them to.
Performance Cookies.
We utilise other cookies to analyze how our visitors use our websites and to  monitor website performance.
This allows us to provide a high quality  experience by customising our offering and quickly identifying and fixing any  issues that arise.
For example, we might use performance cookies to keep track  of which pages are most popular, which method of linking between pages is most  effective, and to determine why some pages are receiving error messages.
We  might also use these cookies to highlight articles or site services that we think  will be of interest to you based on your usage of the website.
Functionality Cookies.
We use functionality cookies to allow us to remember your preferences.
For  example, cookies save you the trouble of typing in your username every time you  access the site, and recall your customization preferences, such as which  regional edition of the website you want to see when you log in.
We also use  functionality cookies to provide you with enhanced services such as allowing  you to watch a video online.
We also use or allow third parties to serve  cookies that fall into the four categories above.
For example, like many  companies, we use Google Analytics to help us monitor our website traffic.
We  may also use third party cookies to help us with market research, revenue  tracking, improving site functionality and monitoring compliance with our terms  and conditions and copyright policy.
Can a website user block cookies.
As we’ve  explained above, cookies help you to get the most out of our websites.
However,  if you do wish to disable our cookies then please follow the instructions below  from main browser providers.
Instructions for  Microsoft Internet Explorer -Click here.
Instructions for  Mozilla Firefox -Click here.
Instructions for  Google Chrome -Click here.
Instructions for  Apple Safari -Click here.
Please  remember that if you do choose to disable cookies, you may find that certain  sections of our website do not work properly.
E.
We track whether users open our emails.
Our emails may contain a single, campaign-unique “web beacon pixel” to tell us whether our emails are opened and verify any clicks through to links within the email.
We may use this information for purposes including determining which of our emails are more interesting to users, to query whether users who do not open our emails wish to continue receiving them.
5.
Lawful Bases for Processing.
We will only collect and process  personal data about you where we have lawful bases.
Lawful bases include.
A.
Legitimate interest of  Advantech.
We will rely on legitimate  interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is  not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Advantech  may process your personal data for the purposes of our legitimate interests or  for the legitimate interests of third parties (e.
g.
your employer).
For example, Advantech may process your  personal data to enable Advantech to carry its business, such as.
conclusion  and execution of agreements with your employer, supplier or business partners.
to  record and financially settle delivered Services and Products.
sales,  marketing and promotions.
account  management.
customer  service, finance and accounting.
research  and development.
purchasing.
internal  management and control.
quality  control, consolidated reporting.
corporate  transactions, such as a sale of a business or a part of a business to another  company, or any reorganization, merger, joint venture, or other disposition of  Advantech’s business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any  bankruptcy or similar proceeding).
understand  and improve our business or customer relationships generally.
Please note that where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object to the processing of your data.
Compliance with legal obligations to which Advantech is subject to.
Protect you, Advantech or others from threats (such as security threats or fraud).
Contract where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.
g.
to deliver the Products or Services you have requested).
Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with Advantech.
If none of the criteria listed in a)-d) above applies or if consent is required by the applicable local legislation, Advantech shall obtain consent from you before processing your data.
Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent.
When seeking for consent, Advantech shall inform you.
Of the purpose of the processing for which consent is requested and.
Any other relevant details to seek to ensure legal processing.
Of the purpose of the  processing for which consent is requested and.
Any other relevant  details to seek to ensure legal processing.
Where we rely on your consent to  process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent  at any time.
You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not  affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such  withdrawal.
6.
How long do we keep your personal data.
We keep your Personal Data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes for  which it has been collected and we may retain and use your personal data.
The  criteria used to determine our retention periods include.
Are  we subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to retain the  personal data.
Examples can include mandatory data retention laws in the  applicable jurisdiction, government orders to preserve personal data relevant  to an investigation, or personal data that must be retained for the purposes of  litigation.
do  we have a contract in place with your employee or a business partner or are we  engaged with you in any negotiation for the conclusion of a contract or any  other operation or transaction.
Do  you have an account with us.
In this case we will keep the personal data while  your account is active or for as long as needed to provide services to you.
However, if you haven’t logged  onto our website for 10 (ten) years we will delete your information from our  systems provided that there are no other reasons including  but not limited to prevention of fraud and abuses, enforce the contract we have  with you or your employer, legal or regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, when  we may also keep hold of some of your information as required, even after you  have closed your account or it is no longer needed to provide the services to  you.
Have  you consented that we can retain your personal data.
7.
Your information and countries outside Europe.
Due to its international position, Advantech may need to transfer your personal data outside the European Union or European Economic Zone, including but not limited to Taiwan.
Taiwan is not a country in respect of which there is a European Commission decision of  adequacy, but we have put in place adequate measures to protect your privacy  and your rights through the use of the European Commission's standard data protection clauses.
You may also obtain a copy of these measures by contacting Advantech at .
8.
Protection of Privacy.
With Advantech's Privacy Policy and relevant regulations, Advantech takes appropriate technical and organizational security measures in accordance with the law to prevent any person's privacy from being accidentally or deliberately damaged, lost, tampered with, unauthorized disclosure, and unauthorized access and other illegal or unauthorized processing.
The aforesaid security measures including firewalls, anti-virus systems and other related information security equipment and necessary security protection measures, to protect the website and your personal data.
Only authorized personnel can access your personal data, and all relevant personnel have signed a confidentiality agreement.
Advantech adopts a zero-tolerance policy for violations of privacy rights and personal information protection.
If it is found through investigation that there is indeed a violation of this policy or related laws and regulations on privacy and personal information protection, Advantech will punish those involved in violations in accordance with relevant norms.
, where necessary and will be pursued or retroactively pursued in accordance with applicable regulations.
Privacy and personal data protection are one of Advantech's important risk management aspects and internal controls.
Advantech also has an internal audit mechanism, which conducts audits on related topics at least once every two years, continuously improves related systems, and Advantech also irregularly entrusts external professional organizations to ensure the implement of privacy protection.
9.
Your Rights.
You have the following rights relating to your personal data.
(i) The right to be  informed about how your personal information is being used (an example of  information is this policy).
(ii) The right to  access the personal data we process about you.
(iii) The right to  request the correction of inaccurate personal information we process about you (although you can probably do most of this through your account).
(iv) The right to  request that we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it, in  some circumstances.
(v) The right to stop  direct marketing messages and to withdraw consent for consent-based processing  at any time.
(vi) The right to  request that we transfer or port elements of your data either to you or another  service provider, in case we collect personal data based on your consent.
(vii) The right to  complain to your data protection regulator.
* California Residents – Please see Section 10.
Privacy Notice for California Consumers of this policy for more details on your additional rights.
A.
Secure Shopping.
This  website takes every precaution to protect our users' information.
When users  submit sensitive information via our website, your information is protected  both online and off-line.
When our order form, log-in page, and/or registration  page asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number),  that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption  software in the industry - SSL.
In  addition, VeriSign is used as our certifying authority.
While on a secure page,  such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as  Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed  to un-locked, or open, in normal non-secure use.
While we use SSL encryption to  protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to  protect user-information off-line.
All of our users' information, not just the  sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices.
Only  employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our  billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to  personally identifiable information.
10.
How to Contact Us.
A.
Questions and  Comments.
Advantech will  respond to reasonable requests to review your personal data and to correct,  amend or delete any inaccuracies.
If you have any questions or comments about Advantech Web Security and Privacy Policy (e.
g.
to review and update your  personal data), please click on " Contacts" in the upper  right-hand corner of this page, and select your location to check our contact numbers or click Email us.
As the Internet matures, so will our Web Security and  Privacy Policy.
We will post changes to our Web Security and Privacy Policy on  this page.
Please check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
B.
Consent.
By visiting  Advantech's website, you consent to the practices described in the Privacy  notice and your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this notice.
We always want to hear from our customers.
If you.
Have any questions or feedback about this policy.
Would like us to stop using your personal data.
Want to exercise any of your rights as set out above, or have a complaint.
please don't hesitate to contact our team, who will be happy to answer any questions you may have.
You can contact our privacy team by dropping us a line at .
11.
Privacy Notice For California Consumers.
This section provides more information about your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act or "CCPA" (California Civil Code Section 1798.
100 et seq.
).
The CCPA provides rights to California consumers to be informed about the collection and use of their personal information, request access to their personal information, request for the deletion of their personal information, and to not be discriminated against for exercising such rights.
Advantech does not sell your personal information and has not sold your information in the last 12 months.
You can request access to or deletion of your personal information by using the online DO NOT SELL INFORMATION form [Link to form].
If you request the deletion of your personal information, please note that we may still need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes, and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting such deletion.
Your information may also remain within our systems and other records where necessary for compliance with applicable law.
The chart below outlines the categories of Personal Information (which are defined by the CCPA, not us) that we have collected and/or disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding twelve months.
The examples of Personal Information provided for each category are taken from the CCPA and are included to help you understand what the categories mean.
The examples are not meant to indicate what we actually collect or disclose.
A.
Identifiers.
B.
Categories of Personal Information in Cal.
Civ.
Code 1798.
80(e).
C.
Characteristics of Protected Classifications under California or Federal Law.
D.
Commercial Information.
E.
Biometric Information.
F.
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information.
G.
Geolocation Data.
H.
Sensory Information.
I.
Professional or employment-related information.
J.
Non-Public Education Information (as defined in 20 U.
S.
C.
1232g.
34 C.
F.
R.
Part 99).
K.
Inferences Drawn from Personal Information.
Use of Personal Information.
The CCPA defines various business and commercial purposes for collecting, using, and disclosing Personal Information.
While we collect, use, and disclose Personal Information pursuant to our Privacy Policy as a whole, we wanted to clarify out that this includes Personal Information in accordance with the specific CCPA business and commercial purposes below.
Auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to auditing compliance with this specification and other standards.
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity.
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Short-term, transient use.
Contracting with service providers to perform services on our behalf, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of our services, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance our services.
Otherwise enabling or effecting, directly or indirectly, a commercial transaction.
For other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time the information is collected.
Your California Privacy Rights.
If you are a California resident, you may exercise the following rights.
Right to Know and Access.
You may submit a verifiable request for information regarding the.
(1) categories of Personal Information collected or disclosed by us.
(2) purposes for which categories of Personal Information are collected by us.
(3) categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information.
and (4) specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you during the past twelve months.
Right to Delete.
Subject to certain exceptions, you have the option to delete Personal Information about you that we have collected from you.
Verification.
Requests for access to or deletion of Personal Information are subject to our ability to reasonably verify your identity in light of the information requested and pursuant to relevant CCPA requirements, limitations, and regulations.
Right to Equal Service and Price.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your CCPA privacy rights, subject to certain limitations.
Shine the Light.
We do not rent, sell, or share your Personal Information with nonaffiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes, unless we have your permission.
To exercise your rights under the CCPA, you (or your authorized representative) can OPT-Out by completing the form on Advantech’s DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION page.
12.
KVKK Personal Data Protection Policy.
In accordance with the Law on the Protection of Personal Data No.
6698 (“KVKK”), your personal data, as Data Controller, will be processed by being used, recorded, stored, updated, transferred and/or classified within the framework described below, depending on business purposes.
In this context, in accordance with the Laws and Regulations issued by our Company to protect the fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals, especially the privacy of private life, and to protect personal data, our Company maintains the appropriate level of security in order to prevent unlawful processing of your personal data, to prevent unlawful access and to ensure its preservation and takes all technical and administrative measures to assurance.
The target group of this text is all natural persons whose personal data are processed by our Company, excluding our Company employees or employee candidates who have applied for a job in our Company.
Our company collects data to work efficiently and to provide you with the best experiences about our products.
Some of this data is collected while creating an Advantech account, registering for an Advantech event, subscribing to eDM, purchasing an Advantech product or service, registering with MyAdvantech, or contacting the Company for support.
We obtain some of this data through cookies or software running on your device.
We also collect data from third parties.
We also process data obtained from third parties within the scope of the purposes described in this policy and protect it according to the specified measures.
These third-party resources may change over time, but includes.
Data brokers that we purchase demographic data to support the data that we collect,.
Social networks that you allow,.
Service providers who help us locate based on your IP address in order to customize certain products for your location,.
Business partners with whom we offer co-branded services or engage in co-marketing activities.
and.
Government data-based resources accessible to the public.
You have choices in terms of the data we collect.
When you do not want your personal data to be processed, you can exercise your right of refusal.
However, we would like to remind you that the use of a product or feature may be disrupted as a result of using your right of refusal.
The personal data processed as the data controller are given below, but not limited to the ones stated here.
Name, surname, Turkish Republic ID number, address, postal number, age, gender, Country name, phone number, e-mail address, signature, physical location/security footage, call center/quality of service audio recording, credit card number, bank account number, IP addresses , username and password, device data, MyAdvantech, eStore and Live Chat voice and text search queries or commands, favorite product information added to the eStore shopping cart, chats conducted over My Advantech or Live Chat, location data, file contents sent over devices, video and picture records, cookie records.
Purposes and legal reasons for processing personal data.
Your personal data shared by you.
Carrying out necessary studies, including, but not limited to, the determination and implementation of our Company's commercial and business strategies, marketing activities, business development and planning activities, in order to benefit you and/or the institutions and organizations you represent, from the products and services offered by our company,.
Execution of administrative operations for communication carried out by our company,.
Execution of promotion and campaign activities,.
Ensuring the physical security and control of our company's locations in use,.
Establishing business partner/customer/supplier (authorized or employees) relations,.
Ensuring contractual requirements and financial reconciliation regarding products and services offered with our business partners, suppliers or other third parties,.
Execution of our company's human resources policies,.
Acting in accordance with the legal obligations to which the Company is subject,.
Fulfillment of contractual obligations,.
Processing personal data based on this policy and your express consent,.
Calling our company's call center or using the website            and/or.
It will be processed for the purpose of participating in training, seminars or organizations organized by our company.
ROLE AND RESPONSIBILITIES.
Human Resources is responsible for the oversight of the determination and operation of notification, review and sanction mechanisms in case of non-compliance with this Policy, rules and regulations.
This Policy has been approved by Advantech Management, and the Human Resources Department is the authorized approval mechanism for the creation, implementation and, if necessary, updating of the Policy.
Advantech departments and employees are responsible for taking the necessary measures for the compliance of the outsourcing companies with the Policy, examining the issues in order to determine the issues contrary to the Policy and reporting them to the Advantech Management, involved in the activities with the employees in charge.
The internal distribution of the prepared document is in the responsibility of the Human Resources Department.
Protection of Personal Data Within the framework of this Policy, it is responsible for carrying out the Company's public disclosure practices in a transparent manner to all concerned simultaneously.
It is the responsibility of Advantech Marketing Department to publish the prepared document on the website.
Method of collection and storage of personal data.
Your personal data that you share with our company, through automatic or non-automatic methods, offices, branches, call center, website, social media channels, MyAdvantech, eStore, CRM, official website,  Hubspot, Siebel, SalesForce.
com, Live Chat, WISE-PaaS It can be collected orally, in writing or electronically through Intelligent wards (iWards), UFleet+UShop+, mobile applications and similar means.
Your personal data will be stored in electronic and/or physical media.
Necessary business processes are designed and technical security infrastructure developments are implemented in order to prevent your personal data provided and stored by our company from being exposed to unauthorized access, manipulation, loss or damage in the environments where they are stored.
Your personal data will be processed by taking all necessary information security measures, provided that it is not used outside of the purposes and scope notified to you, and will be stored and processed during the legal retention period or, if such a period is not foreseen, for the period required by the processing purpose.
When this period expires, your personal data will be removed from our Company's data streams by deletion, destruction or anonymization methods.
Keeping personal data for the period stipulated in the legislation or for the period required for the purpose for which they are processed.
We keep personal data for as long as required by the purpose of processing personal data and within the scope of our Personal Data Retention and Destruction Policy, without prejudice to the storage periods stipulated in the legislation.
We retain your personal data for as long as your company account is active or necessary to provide you with services.
However, if you have not logged into the Company website for 10 (ten) years, your account will be deleted.
In cases we process personal data for more than one purpose, the data is deleted, destroyed or anonymized and stored if all the purposes of processing the data disappear or, upon the request of the Relevant Person, if there is no obstacle to the deletion of the data in the legislation.
In matters of destruction, deletion or anonymization, the provisions of the legislation and the decisions of the KVK Board are complied with.
Measures we take regarding the storage of personal data.
Technical Measures.
We establish technical infrastructures and related control mechanisms for the deletion, destruction and anonymization of personal data.
We take the necessary measures for the safe storage of personal data.
We employ employees with technical expertise.
It creates business continuity and emergency plans against possible risks and develops systems for their implementation.
We establish security systems in accordance with technological developments regarding the storage areas of personal data.
Administrative Measures.
We raise awareness by informing our employees about the technical and administrative risks related to the storage of personal data.
In the case of cooperation with third parties for the storage of personal data, we include provisions regarding taking necessary security measures in order to protect and securely store the transferred personal data in the contracts signed with the companies to which the personal data is transferred.
Transfer of Personal Data.
Your personal data, within the scope of Laws and other legislation and for the purposes explained.
Advantech company and its subsidiaries,.
Companies that we have authorized, operating on behalf of and on behalf of our Company, to our representatives,.
Regulatory and supervisory authorities, public institutions or organizations that are authorized to explicitly request your personal data in their applicable laws,.
Business partnerships, supplier and contractor companies, banks, credit risk and financial institutions and other real or legal persons within the scope of the stated purposes,.
Tax and similar consultants, obligatory persons related to legal proceedings, institutions and organizations and third parties, including auditors, including but not limited to, business partners, third parties from whom services are received, authorized persons for the above-mentioned purposes, at home and abroad.
and organizations.
Due to its international location, the Company may be required to transfer your personal data outside of the European Union or the European Economic Area, including but not limited to Taiwan.
Taiwan is not the country with a European Commission qualification decision, but we are committed to taking adequate measures to protect your privacy and rights using the European Commission's standard data protection clauses.
For more information, you can contact the Company.
DELETING, ANONYMIZATION AND DESTRUCTION OF THE PERSONAL DATA.
Personal data.
The complete termination of our processing purposes or.
In case of the request of the Related Person Personal data will be deleted, destroyed or anonymized.
The deletion, destruction and anonymization processes in question are made within the scope of our Personal Data Retention and Disposal Policy, without prejudice to the provisions of the relevant legislation.
While your personal data is being deleted, destroyed or anonymized, the security measures in this Policy are taken.
Records of the transactions made for the deletion, destruction or anonymization of personal data are kept for at least 3 years, without prejudice to the provisions of other laws and regulations.
Advantech chooses the appropriate method of deleting, destroying or anonymizing personal data, unless otherwise specified by the KVK Board.
If requested by the Relevant Person, the appropriate method is chosen by explaining the reason.
SECURITY OF PERSONAL DATA.
Our obligations regarding the security of personal data            As Advantech.
To prevent the unlawful processing of personal data,.
To prevent unlawful access to personal data, and.
To ensure that personal data is kept in accordance with the law, we take administrative and technical measures according to technological possibilities and implementation costs.
Measures we take to prevent unlawful processing of personal data.
Carries out and has the necessary inspections made within the company,.
We train and inform our employees about the legal processing of personal data,.
In cases where cooperation is made with third parties for the processing of personal data, we include provisions regarding taking the necessary security measures in the contracts made with companies that process personal data.
In case of unlawful disclosure of personal data or data leakage, we notify the Relevant Person and the KVK Board, carry out the investigations stipulated by the legislation in this regard and take the relevant measures.
Technical and administrative measures taken to prevent unlawful access to personal data.
To prevent unlawful access to personal data.
We employ employees with technical expertise,.
We update and renew the technical measures periodically,.
We create access authorization procedures within the company,.
We determine the procedures for reporting the technical measures and audit processes we take,.
We create the data recording systems used in the company in accordance with the legislation and we audit them at regular intervals,.
We create emergency aid plans against possible risks and develop systems for their implementation,.
We train and inform our employees about accessing and authorizing personal data,.
In contracts with companies that provide access to personal data, in cases where cooperation is made with third parties for activities such as processing and storing personal data.
We include provisions regarding taking the necessary security measures by persons who access personal data,.
We establish security systems within the scope of technological developments in order to prevent unlawful access to personal data.
Measures we take in case of unlawful disclosure of personal data.
We take administrative and technical measures to prevent the unlawful disclosure of personal data and update them in accordance with our relevant procedures.
If we detect that personal data has been disclosed without authorization, we establish the necessary systems and infrastructures to notify the Related Person and the KVK Board.
In case of an unlawful disclosure despite all the administrative and technical measures taken, this situation may be announced on the website of the KVK Board or by any other method, if deemed necessary by the KVK Board.
RIGHTS OF THE RELATED PERSON.
Within the scope of our obligation to inform, we inform the Related Person and establish the necessary systems and infrastructures for this information.
We make the necessary technical and administrative arrangements for the Relevant Person to exercise their rights regarding their personal data.
Your rights in accordance with Article 11 of KVKK.
By applying to our company, your personal data.
Learning whether it is processed or not,.
Requesting information if processed,.
Learning the purpose of processing and whether it is used in accordance with its purpose,.
Knowing the third parties to whom it was transferred in the country / abroad,.
Requesting correction if it is incomplete / incorrectly processed,.
Requesting deletion / destruction within the framework of the conditions stipulated in Article 7 of the KVKK,.
Requesting notification of the transactions made in accordance with subparagraphs (e) and (f) above, to the third parties to whom it has been transferred,.
Objecting to the emergence of a result against you due to the analysis exclusively by automated systems,.
You have the right to demand the compensation of the damage in case you suffer damage due to unlawful processing.
Pursuant to paragraph 1 of Article 13 of the KVK Law, you may submit your request regarding the exercise of your above-mentioned rights to our Company in writing or by other methods determined by the Personal Data Protection Board.
Utilisation of rights regarding personal data.
In order to exercise your above-mentioned rights, you can personally deliver your petition with the necessary information identifying your identity, send it through a notary public or other methods determined by the Personal Data Protection Board, or send it to with secure electronic signature.
Although the subject of the request must be related to the person of the applicant, if acting on behalf of someone else, the applicant must be specifically authorized in this regard and this authority must be documented (special power of attorney).
In addition, the application must include identity and address information, and documents proving identity must be attached to the application.
Requests made by unauthorized third parties on behalf of someone else will not be considered.
Evaluation of the Application.
Respondence time of the application.
Requests regarding personal data are concluded as soon as possible and in any case within 30 (thirty) days at the latest, free of charge, or against the fee in the tariff in case the conditions in the tariff to be published by the KVK Board are met.
Additional information and documents may be requested during the application or while the application is being evaluated.
Our right to refuse the application.
Applications regarding personal data may be rejected in the following cases, including but not limited to.
Processing personal data for purposes such as research, planning and statistics by making them anonymous with official statistics,.
Processing of personal data for artistic, historical, literary or scientific purposes or within the scope of freedom of expression, provided that it does not violate the privacy or personal rights of the Relevant Person or constitute a crime,.
Processing of personal data made public by the Relevant Person,.
The application is not based on a just cause,.
The application contains a request contrary to the relevant legislation and.
Failure to comply with the application procedure.
Evaluation procedure of the application.
Applications must be duly submitted in order for the response period specified in this Policy to begin.
If the request is accepted, the necessary procedures are applied and the applicant is notified in writing or electronically.
In case of rejection of the request, the applicant is notified in writing or electronically by explaining the reason.
Right to complaint to the Personal Data Protection Board.
In cases where the application is rejected, the answer given is insufficient, or the answer is not given in a timely manner.
The applicant has the right to complain to the KVK Board within 30 (thirty) days from the date of learning the answer and in any case within 60 (sixty) days from the date of application.
Access and Control of Your Personal Data.
For many products or services, you can view, edit or delete your personal data online.
You can also make choices about the Company's collection and processing of your data.
How you can access or control your personal data depends on the products you use.
E.
g.
Advantech Account (My Advantech and eStore) If you want to access, edit or remove profile information and payment information in your Advantech account, change your password or close your account, you can access it here.
Advantech Store .
You can access your Advantech Store profile and account information, here you can click "View account" or "Order history".
You can access and update your profile on Advantech.
com.
If you are unable to access some personal data collected by Advantech from the links above or through the Advantech products you use directly, you can always contact us.
Your Communication Preferences.
You can choose whether you want to receive communication services from the Company via e-mail, SMS, mail or telephone.
If you receive e-mails or SMS regarding promotions/campaigns from us and you want to be excluded from the scope, you can opt out by following the instructions in the relevant e-mail/message.
You can also edit the communication consent option about promotions, e-mails, phone calls and written mail by logging into your personal Advantech account.
These methods do not apply to the Company's mandatory service communications or surveys and other information communications with special unsubscribe methods.
PUBLICATION AND STORAGE OF THE POLICY.
This Policy is stored in two different media, printed paper and electronic media.
Wet signed copies and controlled copies are kept in the Human Resources Department and destroyed when necessary with the written approval of Advantech management.
UPDATE FREQUENCY.
This Policy is reviewed at least once a year without notice and updated as needed.
Therefore, it is recommended that you periodically review this Policy.
EFFECTIVE DATE.
This Policy is deemed to have entered into force after its approval by the Company's Board of Directors.
REVOCATION.
If it is decided to repeal this Policy, old copies of the Policy with wet signatures are canceled and signed by the Human Resources Department (with a cancellation stamp or written cancellation) with the written approval of the Advantech Board of Directors and are kept by Human Resources for a period of 5 years.
13.
KVKK Clarification Text on the Contact Form Process.
After you fill out this contact form, your data will be recorded/processed in the Advantech COMPANY (“Advantech/Company”) system.
This form has been prepared in order to respond completely within the legal time to your application within the scope of any opinion, suggestion and related requests you may send to the Company in a correct.
Advantech processes personal data regarding name, surname, telephone, e-mail of related persons who want to contact Company during the related process.
Your personal data processed by Advantech are shared with the departments and units authorized to evaluate the application at the Company limited to this personal data processing process, and are not shared with any third party or company.
Your personal data mentioned above can be processed automatically through electronic media based on the legal reasons of Article 5 of the Law on the Protection of Personal Data as “processing of personal data belonging to the parties of a contract, is necessary provided that it is directly related to the conclusion or fulfilment of that contract, data processing is mandatory for the establishment, exercise or protection of any right, it is mandatory for the legitimate interests of the controller, provided that this processing shall not violate the fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject”.
You can choose whether you want to receive communication services from the Company via e-mail, SMS, mail or telephone.
If you receive e-mails or SMS regarding promotions/campaigns from us and you want to be excluded, you can opt out by following the instructions in the relevant e-mail/message.
You can also sign in to your personal Advantech account and edit the communication consent option about promotions, e-mails, phone calls and text mails.
These methods is not valid for the Company's mandatory service communications or surveys and other information communications with special unsubscribe methods.
You have the right to learn whether your personal data are processed or not, to request information if your personal data are processed, to learn the purpose of your data processing and whether this data is used for intended purposes, to know the third parties to whom your personal data is transferred at home or abroad, to request the rectification of the incomplete or inaccurate data, if any, to request correction of your personal data if it is incomplete or incorrectly processed, to request the deletion or destruction of your personal data in case the reasons requiring processing disappear, to request that your personal data be notified to third parties in case of correction, deletion or destruction of your personal data, to object to the processing, exclusively by automatic means, of your personal data, which leads to an unfavourable consequence for the data subject, to request compensation for the damage arising from the unlawful processing of your personal data pursuant to article 11 of the Law.
Your requests regarding the above rights provided by the Law to you, should be sent to Advantech company [Seyrantepe, İbrahim Karaoğlanoğlu Cd.
No.
71-73/2, 34418 Kağıthane/İstanbul ] in accordance with the "Communiqué on the Procedures and Principles of Application to the Data Controller".
14.
KVKK Confidentiality Agreement and Term of Use.
You can find legal information about the Advantech website here.
As Advantech Turkey Teknoloji Anonim Şirketi (“Advantech” or “Company”), we approach this issue with precision, as we care about the privacy of your personal data and accept that the information you share with us is personal and confidential.
All intellectual and industrial property rights on the website named  and the content, visual and audio elements and their arrangement on this website belong to Advantech, unless expressly stated otherwise.
The information cannot be distributed, rented, reproduced, modified or used for commercial purposes without the written consent of Advantech.
However, it can be quoted by showing the source.
Under no circumstances Advantech can be held responsible for the content and the false information presented by the visitor, including but not limited to errors or omissions in the content or any loss or damage that may arise from the use of the content on the website.
On the Advantech website, advertisements and promotions regarding the services of Advantech or third parties may be displayed.
On our website, other websites that do not belong to Advantech and are not related to their activities can be redirected.
If the visitor visits any of these websites, Advantech is not responsible for the policies and practices of these websites, which are used and owned by third parties.
The presence of any logo, sign, etc.
of Advantech on a site not managed by Advantech does not mean that this Policy is valid for that site.
While sharing personal data with such sites, you must make sure that the site in question is a site owned by Advantech in order to benefit from the assurances in this Policy.
The information provided on this website is provided "as is", "as available".
Advantech provides the visitor with implied, implied warranties, including, but not limited to, warranties of ownership, merchantability, accuracy, reliability, accuracy, fitness for a particular purpose, and/or virus-freeness, including the information on the website, including those about third parties.
makes no legal guarantees.
Direct or indirect damage resulting from any performance failure, error, deficiency, interruption, defect, delay in operation and/or transfer, computer virus and/or line and/or system failure that may occur during or after the use of this website, Advantech and/or its employees shall not be liable for any loss or damage, including but not limited to loss and expense, even if they have been informed of the possibility of such damage and loss.
Advantech reserves the right to change all products and services, pages, information, visual elements and content on this website without prior notice.
Please read our Clarification Text for detailed information about the processing of your personal data by Advantech within the scope of Personal Data Protection Law, about your rights regarding your personal data and the technical and administrative measures we take to protect your personal data.
If you are requested to enter personal information on the Advantech website, your personal information (name, surname, identity number, address, postal code, age, gender, country name, telephone number, e-mail address, signature, physical place/ security video recording, call center/quality of service audio recording, credit card number, bank account number, IP addresses, username and password, device data, MyAdvantech, eStore and Live Chat voice and text search queries or commands, favorite added to eStore shopping cart product information, chats conducted over My Advantech or Live Chat, location data, file contents sent over devices, video and picture records, cookie records) will be used by Advantech only for the purpose of sending informational messages and will not be shared with third parties or institutions except for legal obligations or your permission.
If you do not want to receive direct marketing messages by Advantech, you can send this request to us via the "unsubscribe" extension under each message sent to you, or you can make a request by contacting us via our contact information.
Data Collected on our Website.
Personal Data Collected Through Contact Forms.
We collect the following information through communication forms that enable you to convey your information and requests to us.
Name, Surname,.
E-mail,.
Phone number,.
Postal Code,.
Country, City, Address,.
Subject and message.
Device Information.
When using our Device Information Services, the IP address of your electronic devices (computers, tablets, smart phones, smart televisions, etc.
) you use, etc.
information is collected.
We may also send you instant notifications via our website(s).
You can refuse to receive these messages.
Data Collected Through Cookies.
Cookies are small text files that are stored in the visitor's device (such as a computer or phone) and can contain data in name-value format when a website is visited.
On this occasion, various information about the device on which the visit to the website (s) is made and the related user can be obtained.
Cookies are used on our website.
Types of Cookies.
We also allow third parties to use the above cookies.
For example, like many companies, we use Google Analytics to help us track the progress of our website.
We may also use third-party cookies to assist us with market research, improving site functionality, and monitoring compliance with our terms and conditions and copyright policy.
As we explained above, cookies help you get the most out of our websites.
However, if you want to disable cookies, please follow the instructions below from your main browser providers.
Instructions for Microsoft Internet Explorer.
Instructions for Mozilla Firefox.
Google Chrome instructions.
Instructions for Apple Safari.
If you choose to disable cookies, we would like to remind you that certain parts of our website may not work properly.
Data We Collect Automatically When You Access Our Servers.
If you use our website, device log records, etc.
, in order to meet our customers' individual or corporate demands and needs, to improve and control our technical infrastructure, to develop our hardware and software technologies and other services, and to fulfill our legal obligations.
we may collect personal data.
Links to Third Party Websites.
Our site may contain links to third party websites, such as private employment agencies.
In such cases, it is beyond our responsibility to collect, process, share or transfer data by third parties.
Your use of third party sites and data sharing with these sites are subject to the privacy policy and terms of use on these sites and are outside the scope of this Policy.
We recommend that you read the privacy policies of the websites you visit before sharing your personal data.
The provisions of this Policy may be changed or renewed in part or in full on the date it is published on our website.
We recommend that you check our website periodically in order to follow the changes in the policy.
Your questions, reservations or complaints regarding the interpretation or application of this Policy.
you can forward to .
How Can We Help.
Buy Online.
Support.
Live Chat.
1-888-576-9668.
Company Information.
Investor Relations.
Contact Us.
Corporate Citizenship (CSR).
Global Exhibitions.
Careers.
America Region.
United States.
Brasil.
México.
Argentina.
Chile.
Colombia.
Perú.
Europe Region.
Europe.
Россия.
España.
Asia Pacific.
Australia.
中国.
India.
Indonesia.
日本.
대한민국.
Malaysia.
Singapore.
台灣.
ไทย.
Türkiye.
Việt nam.
Africa & Middle East.
MENA.
© 1983-2022 Advantech Co.
, Ltd.
Site Map.
Privacy Policy.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
1-888-576-9668.
Live Chat.
Sales & Quotation.
