Privacy policy.
Dear user.
We take your privacy seriously.
This privacy policy explains who we are, how we collect, share and use Personal Information, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
SUMMARY.
CHAPTER I – PRIVACY POLICY‍CHAPTER II – COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION‍CHAPTER III – TYPES OF DATA COLLECTED‍CHAPTER IV – MODES OF PROCESSING DATA‍CHAPTER V – THE PURPOSE OF PROCESSING‍CHAPTER VI – FACEBOOK PERMISSIONS‍CHAPTER VII – DEVICE PERMISSIONS FOR PERSONAL DATA ACCESS‍CHAPTER VIII – DETAILED INFORMATION ON THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA‍CHAPTER IX – FURTHER INFORMATION ABOUT PERSONAL DATA‍CHAPTER X – THE RIGHT OF USERS‍CHAPTER XI – ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT DATA COLLECTION AND PROCESSINGCHAPTER XII – COLLECTION OF NON-PERSONAL DATACHAPTER XIII - USE AND PROCESSING OF COLLECTED INFORMATIONCHAPTER XIV - INFORMATION TRANSFER AND STORAGECHAPTER XV - ADDITIONAL RIGHTS OF USERSCHAPTER XVI - THE RIGHT TO OBJECT TO PROCESSINGCHAPTER XVII - BILLING AND PAYMENTSCHAPTER XVIII - PRIVACY OF CHILDRENCHAPTER XIX - NEWSLETTERSCHAPTER XX - REMARKETINGCHAPTER XXI - LINKS TO OTHER MOBILE APPSCHAPTER XXII - INFORMATION SECURITYCHAPTER XXIII - DATA BREACHCHAPTER XXIV - LEGAL DISCLOSURECHAPTER XXV - CHANGES AND AMENDMENTSCHAPTER XXVI - ACCEPTANCE OF THIS POLICYCHAPTER XXVII - CONTACTING US.
CHAPTER I – PRIVACY POLICY.
This privacy policy ("Policy") describes how Kyte Tecnologia de Software, LTDA.
("Kyte Tecnologia de Software, LTDA.
", "we", "us" or "our") collects, protects and uses the personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") you ("User", "you" or "your") may provide in the Kyte POS | Point of Sale mobile application and any of its products or services (collectively, "Mobile Application" or "Services").
It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your Personal Information and how you can access and update this information.
This Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage.
CHAPTER II – COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.
We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us when you create an account, make a purchase, fill any online forms in the Mobile Application.
When required this information may include your email address, name, phone number, address, credit card information, or other Personal Information.
You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of some of the Mobile Application's features.
Users who are uncertain about what information is mandatory are welcome to contact us.
CHAPTER III – TYPES OF DATA COLLECTED.
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are.
Contacts permission, Camera permission, Phone permission, Storage permission and Social media accounts permission.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services.
In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
CHAPTER IV – MODES OF PROCESSING DATA.
Methods of processingThe Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
‍The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated.
In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner.
The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Legal basis of processingThe Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies.
- Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
Note.
Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (“opt-out”), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases.
This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law.
- provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof.
- processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject.
- processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner.
- processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
PlaceThe Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own.
To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using the information provided in the contact section.
Retention timePersonal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Therefore.
‍- Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
- Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes.
Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn.
Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted.
Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
CHAPTER V – THE PURPOSE OF PROCESSING.
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Services, as well as for the following purposes.
Access to third-party accounts, Registration and authentication and Device permissions for Personal Data access.
Users can find further detailed information about such purposes of processing and about the specific Personal Data used for each purpose in the respective sections of this document.
CHAPTER VI – FACEBOOK PERMISSIONS.
This Application may ask for some Facebook permissions allowing it to perform actions with the User's Facebook account and to retrieve information, including Personal Data, from it.
This service allows this Application to connect with the User's account on the Facebook social network, provided by Facebook Inc.
For more information about the following permissions, refer to the Facebook permissions documentation and to the Facebook privacy policy.
The permissions asked are the following.
Basic informationBy default, this includes certain User’s Data such as id, name, picture, gender, and their locale.
Certain connections of the User, such as the Friends, are also available.
If the User has made more of their Data public, more information will be available.
About MeProvides access to the 'About Me' section of the profile.
EmailProvides access to the User's primary email address.
CHAPTER VII – DEVICE PERMISSIONS FOR PERSONAL DATA ACCESS.
Depending on the User's specific device, this Application may request certain permissions that allow it to access the User's device Data as described below.
By default, these permissions must be granted by the User before the respective information can be accessed.
Once the permission has been given, it can be revoked by the User at any time.
In order to revoke these permissions, Users may refer to the device settings or contact the Owner for support at the contact details provided in the present document.
‍The exact procedure for controlling app permissions may be dependent on the User's device and software.
Please note that the revoking of such permissions might impact the proper functioning of this Application.
If User grants any of the permissions listed below, the respective Personal Data may be processed (i.
e accessed to, modified or removed) by this Application.
‍Camera permission‍Used for accessing the camera or capturing images and video from the device.
Contacts permissionUsed for accessing contacts and profiles on the User's device, including the changing of entries.
Phone permissionUsed for accessing a host of typical features associated with telephony.
This enables, for instance, read-only access to the “phone state”, which means it enables access to the phone number of the device, current mobile network information, or the status of any ongoing calls.
Social media accounts permissionUsed for accessing the User's social media account profiles, such as Facebook and Twitter.
Storage permissionUsed for accessing shared external storage, including the reading and adding of any items.
CHAPTER VIII – DETAILED INFORMATION ON THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA.
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services.
- Access to third-party accounts.
This type of service allows this Application to access Data from your account on a third-party service and perform actions with it.
These services are not activated automatically, but require explicit authorization by the User.
- Facebook account access.
This service allows this Application to connect with the User's account on the Facebook social network, provided by Facebook, Inc.
Permissions asked.
‍- About Me and Email.
- Place of processing.
United States – Privacy Policy.
- Privacy Shield participant.
‍- Device permissions for Personal Data access.
This Application requests certain permissions from Users that allow it to access the User's device Data as described below.
‍- Device permissions for Personal Data access (this Application).
This Application requests certain permissions from Users that allow it to access the User's device Data as summarized here and described within this document.
- Personal Data collected.
Camera permission, Contacts permission, Phone permission, Social media accounts permission and Storage permission.
- Registration and authenticationBy registering or authenticating, Users allow this Application to identify them and give them access to dedicated services.
Depending on what is described below, third parties may provide registration and authentication services.
In this case, this Application will be able to access some Data, stored by these third-party services, for registration or identification purposes.
- Google OAuth (Google LLC).
Google OAuth is a registration and authentication service provided by Google LLC and is connected to the Google network.
Personal Data collected.
various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing.
United States – Privacy Policy.
Privacy Shield participant.
- HelpCrunch (HelpCrunch Inc.
).
HelpCrunch is a User database management service provided by HelpCrunch Inc.
HelpCrunch can also be used as a medium for communications, either through email, or through messages within this Application.
Personal Data collected.
Cookies, email address, Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing.
United States – Privacy Policy.
CHAPTER IX – FURTHER INFORMATION ABOUT PERSONAL DATA.
Push notifications.
This Application may send push notifications to the User.
Access the address book.
This Application may request access to your address book.
Unique device identification.
This Application may track Users by storing a unique identifier of their device, for analytics purposes or for storing Users' preferences.
CHAPTER X – THE RIGHT OF USERS.
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following.
- Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
- Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.
- Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
- Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
- Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their Data.
In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
- Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
- Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User's consent, on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.
- Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Details about the right to object to processingWhere Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification.
To learn, whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rightsAny requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document.
These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month.
CHAPTER XI – ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT DATA COLLECTION AND PROCESSING.
Legal actionThe User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal DataIn addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenanceFor operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policyMore details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
How “Do Not Track” requests are handledThis Application does not support “Do Not Track” requests.
To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy policyThe Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner.
It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal referencesPersonal Data (or Data).
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data.
Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include.
the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.
), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.
g.
, the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User.
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject.
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor).
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner).
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application.
The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application.
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service.
The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU).
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Legal information.
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art.
13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.
CHAPTER XII - COLLECTION OF NON-PERSONAL DATA.
When you open the Mobile Application our servers automatically record information that your device sends.
This data may include information such as your device's IP address and location, device name and version, operating system type and version, language preferences, information you search for in our Mobile Application, access times and dates, and other statistics.
CHAPTER XIII - USE AND PROCESSING OF COLLECTED INFORMATION.
Any of the information we collect from you may be used to personalize your experience.
improve our Mobile Application.
improve customer service and respond to queries and emails of our customers.
process transactions.
send notification emails such as password reminders, updates, etc.
run and operate our Mobile Application and Services.
Non-Personal Information collected is used only to identify potential cases of abuse and establish statistical information regarding Mobile Application traffic and usage.
This statistical information is not otherwise aggregated in such a way that would identify any particular user of the system.
We may process Personal Information related to you if one of the following applies.
(i) You have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
Note that under some legislations we may be allowed to process information until you object to such processing (by opting out), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases below.
This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Information is subject to European data protection law.
(ii) Provision of information is necessary for the performance of an agreement with you and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof.
(ii) Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which you are subject.
(iv) Processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us.
(v) Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party.
In any case, we will be happy to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
CHAPTER XIV - INFORMATION TRANSFER AND STORAGE.
Depending on your location, data transfers may involve transferring and storing your information in a country other than your own.
You are entitled to learn about the legal basis of information transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by us to safeguard your information.
If any such transfer takes place, you can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with us using the information provided in the contact section.
CHAPTER XV - ADDITIONAL RIGHTS OF USERS.
You may exercise certain rights regarding your information processed by us.
In particular, you have the right to do the following.
(i) you have the right to withdraw consent where you have previously given your consent to the processing of your information.
(ii) you have the right to object to the processing of your information if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
(iii) you have the right to learn if information is being processed by us, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the information undergoing processing.
(iv) you have the right to verify the accuracy of your information and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
(v) you have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of your information, in which case, we will not process your information for any purpose other than storing it.
(vi) you have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of your Personal Information from us.
(vii) you have the right to receive your information in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
This provision is applicable provided that your information is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on your consent, on a contract which you are part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.
CHAPTER XVI - THE RIGHT TO OBJECT TO PROCESSING.
Where Personal Information is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in us or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us, you may object to such processing by providing a ground related to your particular situation to justify the objection.
You must know that, however, should your Personal Information be processed for direct marketing purposes, you can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification.
To learn, whether we are processing Personal Information for direct marketing purposes, you may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
‍How to exercise these rightsAny requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document.
These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month.
CHAPTER XVII - BILLING AND PAYMENTS.
In case of services requiring payment, we request credit card or other payment account information, which will be used solely for processing payments.
Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction.
After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the latest security standards as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
Sensitive and private data exchange happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
CHAPTER XVIII - PRIVACY OF CHILDREN.
We do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under the age of 13.
If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Information through our Mobile Application or Service.
We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Information through our Mobile Application or Service without their permission.
If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Information to us through our Mobile Application or Service, please contact us.
CHAPTER XIX - NEWSLETTERS.
We offer electronic newsletters to which you may voluntarily subscribe at any time.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or by contacting us.
However, you will continue to receive essential transactional emails.
CHAPTER XX - REMARKETING.
We also may permit certain third-party companies to help us tailor advertising that we think may be of interest to users and to collect and use other data about user activities in the Mobile Application.
These companies may deliver ads that might place cookies and otherwise track user behavior.
CHAPTER XXI - LINKS TO OTHER MOBILE APPS.
Our Mobile Application contains links to other mobile applications that are not owned or controlled by us.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other mobile applications or third-parties.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Mobile Application and to read the privacy statements of each and every mobile application that may collect Personal Information.
CHAPTER XXII - INFORMATION SECURITY.
We secure information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
We maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification, and disclosure of Personal Information in its control and custody.
However, no data transmission over the Internet or wireless network can be guaranteed.
Therefore, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, you acknowledge that (i) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control.
(ii) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and our Mobile Application cannot be guaranteed.
and (iii) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third-party, despite best efforts.
CHAPTER XXIII - DATA BREACH.
In the event we become aware that the security of the Mobile Application has been compromised or users Personal Information has been disclosed to unrelated third-parties as a result of external activity, including, but not limited to, security attacks or fraud, we reserve the right to take reasonably appropriate measures, including, but not limited to, investigation and reporting, as well as notification to and cooperation with law enforcement authorities.
In the event of a data breach, we will make reasonable efforts to notify affected individuals if we believe that there is a reasonable risk of harm to the user as a result of the breach or if notice is otherwise required by law.
When we do, we will post a notice in the Mobile Application, send you an email.
CHAPTER XXIV - LEGAL DISCLOSURE.
We will disclose any information we collect, use or receive if required or permitted by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, and when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
In the event we go through a business transition, such as a merger or acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your user account and personal data will likely be among the assets transferred.
CHAPTER XXV - CHANGES AND AMENDMENTS.
We reserve the right to modify this Policy relating to the Mobile Application or Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Policy in the Mobile Application.
When we do we will send you an email to notify you.
Continued use of the Mobile Application after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
CHAPTER XXVI - ACCEPTANCE OF THIS POLICY.
You acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all its terms and conditions.
By using the Mobile Application or its Services you agree to be bound by this Policy.
If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Policy, you are not authorized to use or access the Mobile Application and its Services.
CHAPTER XXVII - CONTACTING US.
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us.
This document was last updated on December 18, 2018.
