Home.
FleetSafer.
Press Releases.
Resources.
Partners.
About Us.
Blog.
Privacy Policy.
Cogosense Technology Inc.
(“Cogosense”) is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience.
This Statement of Privacy applies to  (the “Cogosense Web site”) and governs data collection and usage of the Cogosense Web site as well as by the various Cogosense services.
By using the Cogosense Web site and/or various Cogosense services, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
IF YOUR EMPLOYER HAS ENTERED INTO A SEPARATE WRITTEN AGREEMENT WITH COGOSENSE TO MAKE COGOSENSE SOFTWARE AND SERVICES AVAILABLE TO ITS EMPLOYEES, THE TERMS OF THAT LICENSE AGREEMENT WILL CONTROL OVER ANY PROVISIONS IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY THAT ARE INCONSISTENT WITH SUCH LICENSE AGREEMENT.
YOU SHOULD CONTACT YOUR EMPLOYER TO DETERMINE WHETHER IT HAS A SEPARATE WRITTEN LICENSE AGREEMENT IN PLACE WITH COGOSENSE.
NOTHING IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY SHALL MODIFY OR CHANGE THE TERMS OF ANY EXISTING SEPARATE WRITTEN AGREEMENT BETWEEN COGOSENSE AND YOUR EMPLOYER.
Collection of your Personal Information.
Cogosense collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number.
Depending on the nature of the technology used in conjunction with Cogosense services when you are driving a vehicle, Cogosense may collect information based on the type of technology used.
For example, if GPS technology is used in conjunction with Cogosense services, Cogosense may collect data concerning location, speed, and number of satellites.
Through use of Cogosense services, Cogosense may identify when you are driving.
Cogosense services may correlate driving and mobile telecommunications behaviors and generate reports regarding such activity.
Cogosense may generate aggregated, non-personally identifiable information based on the foregoing.
Cogosense may use such aggregated data for research and development purposes, including marketing (by either Cogosense or third parties).
provided, however, that you will not be identifiable in such data.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Cogosense.
This information may include.
your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses.
This information is used by Cogosense for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Cogosense Web site.
Information gathered by Cogosense is stored in Canada and/or the United States and is subject to applicable laws in those jurisdictions.
Cogosense encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from the Cogosense Web site so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information.
Cogosense is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of Cogosense and the Cogosense family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information.
Cogosense collects and uses your personal information to operate the Cogosense Web site and deliver the various Cogosense services you have requested.
Cogosense also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Cogosense and its affiliates.
Cogosense may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Cogosense does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Cogosense may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you.
In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
In addition, Cogosense may share data with trusted partners to help us perform certain Cogosense product-related services, statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries.
All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Cogosense, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Cogosense keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Cogosense, in order to analyze aspects of the Cogosense Service, including, for example, a determination of the most popular Cogosense services.
This data is used to deliver customized content to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Cogosense will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to.
(a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Cogosense or the site.
(b) protect and defend the rights or property of Cogosense.
and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Cogosense, or the public.
Use of Cookies.
The Cogosense Web site uses various tracking devices such as cookies, Web beacons, and pixels.
these devices are collectively referred to as “cookies” in this policy.
Cookies help you personalize your online experience.
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server.
Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time.
The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page.
For example, if you personalize Cogosense pages, or register with Cogosense site or services, a cookie helps Cogosense to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on.
When you return to the same Cogosense Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Cogosense features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies.
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Cogosense services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information.
Cogosense secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Cogosense secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Children’s Information.
Protecting children’s privacy is important to us.
We do not direct the Web site, nor do we knowingly collect any personal information from, children under the age of thirteen.
Acquisition.
In the event that Cogosense or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your information may be one of the transferred assets.
We will provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Changes to this Statement.
Cogosense will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback.
Cogosense encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Cogosense is protecting your information.
Contact Information.
Cogosense welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that Cogosense has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Cogosense at This email address is being protected from spambots.
You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Effective Date.
October 30, 2012.
Products.
Resources.
About Cogosense.
Top.
© 2022 Cogosense Technology Inc.
