Home.
Product.
News & Activities.
About Us.
Request Info.
Who we areProtecting your private information is our priority.
This Statement of Privacy applies to agilepq.
com and governs data collection and usage.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to AgilePQ include agilepq.
com.
The AgilePQ website is a business website.
By using the AgilePQ website you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal InformationPlease keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through AgilePQ’s public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us.
However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site.
This may include sending us an email message.
To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us.
We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Sharing Information with Third PartiesAgilePQ does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
AgilePQ may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries.
All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to AgilePQ, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
AgilePQ may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to.
(a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on AgilePQ or the site.
(b) protect and defend the rights or property of AgilePQ.
and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of AgilePQ, or the public.
Tracking User BehaviorAgilePQ may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within AgilePQ, in order to determine what AgilePQ services are the most popular.
This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within AgilePQ to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected InformationInformation about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by AgilePQ.
This information can include.
your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses.
This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the AgilePQ website.
Use of CookiesThe AgilePQ website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience.
A cookie is a text file that is placed on our hard disk by a web page server.
Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time.
The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies of you prefer.
If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the AgilePQ services or websites you visit.
LinksThis website contains links to other sites.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security of your Personal InformationAgilePQ secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
AgilePQ uses the following methods for this purpose.
SSL ProtocolWhen personal information is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or nay wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that.
(a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the internet which are beyond our control.
and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this site cannot be guaranteed.
Right to DeletionSubject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of verifiable request from you, we will.
Delete your personal information from our records.
and.
Direct any service providers to delete your personal information from their records.
Please note that we may not be able to comply with requests to delete your personal information if it is necessary to.
Please note that we may not be able to comply with requests to delete your personal information if it is necessary to.
Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context or our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive fraudulent, or illegal activity.
or prosecute those responsible for that activity.
Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act.
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, provided we have obtained your informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with an existing legal obligation.
or.
Otherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
Children Under ThirteenAgilePQ does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen.
If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Email CommunicationsFrom time to time, AgilePQ may contact you vis email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.
Changes to this StatementAgilePQ reserves the right to change this privacy policy from time to time.
We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page.
Your continued use of the site and/or services available through this site after such modification will constitute your.
(a) acknowledgment of the modified privacy policy.
and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that policy.
Contact InformationAgilePQ welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that AgilePQ has not adhered to this Statement, please contact AgilePQ at.
AgilePQ10653 River Front ParkwaySuite #140South Jordan, UT 84095.
as of July 06, 2020.
Home.
Product.
News & Activities.
About Us.
Privacy Policy.
