Fly.
The Jet.
News.
Contact.
1800 Fly Airly.
Download now.
Privacy.
INTRODUCTION.
Airly is serious about your privacy.
We have developed this Privacy Policy to provide you with information on our collection and use of information gathered during your use of flyairly.
com and/or jetshareapp.
com, your use of the Services, or your communications with us.
COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION.
Our members and guests may be asked to provide certain information when they apply to use the Services such as name, address, telephone number, and billing information (such as a credit card number).
The personal information collected from members and guests during the registration process is used to manage each User’s account (such as billing and collections) and to provide the Services.
To better understand its members and guests, we may collect consumer, demographic and other publicly available information from third-parties.
We may use this data to provide product and service offers.
We may use data in aggregate to negotiate additional benefits and strategic partnerships, to develop products and offers and to better serve our Users.
We may additionally collect personal information from members and guests during their use of our Services.
We use this information primarily to provide a customized experience.
We may share identifying information (like name and address) with affiliates or business partners for their use in delivering products and services or related offers to members.
Affiliates or business partners are not allowed to use our data for any other purpose other than our approved programs designed to better serve members.
In instances where we jointly promote the Services with a partner, we may provide the affiliate certain personal information, as a result of the joint promotion.
In this instance, the information may not be used by the partner for any other purpose.
We may also generate aggregate profiles from information provided during registration (such as the total number, but not the names, of members).
We may use this aggregated and non-identifying information to sell advertisements that appear on the Services.
We may use registration information to contact you in a variety of ways.
We may send you offers through email, phone or regular mail of our products and services or offers on behalf of selected affiliates.
If you deactivate your account with Airly, your personal information will be stored for up to 12 months.
This is in case you choose to reactivate your account at any point during this period.
If you elect to have all your stored personal information deleted this can be done so upon written request to .
VOLUNTARY SURVEYS.
We may periodically conduct both business and individual surveys.
We encourage members to participate in these voluntary surveys because they provide us with important information that helps us to improve the types of services we offer and how we provide them to you.
Your personal information and responses will remain confidential, even if the survey is conducted by a third-party.
We take the information we receive from individuals responding to our surveys and combine (or aggregate) it with the responses of other members to create broader, generic responses to the survey questions (such as gender, age, residence, hobbies, education, employment, industry sector, or other demographic information).
We then use the aggregated information to improve the quality of our services to you, and to develop new services and products.
This aggregated, non-personally identifying information may be shared with third-party partners.
SPECIAL CASES.
It is our policy not to use or share your personal information in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing an opportunity to opt out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
However, we may disclose personal information or information regarding use of the Services if, for any reason, in our sole discretion, we believe that it is reasonable to do so, including.
to satisfy laws, regulations or other legal requests for such information.
to disclose information that is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our acceptable use policy or other policies.
to operate the Services properly.
or to protect Airly, our Services, our employees or our members.
“COOKIES” AND HOW AIRLY MAY USE THEM.
A “cookie” is a small data file that can be placed on your hard drive when you visit certain websites.
We may use cookies to collect, store, and sometimes track information for statistical purposes to operate and improve the products and services we provide and to manage our network and property.
We may use a cookie to save your personal settings and to provide customizable and personalized services.
Additionally, be aware that if you visit non-Airly websites where you are prompted to log in or that are customizable, you may be required to accept cookies.
Advertisers and partners may also use their own cookies.
We do not control use of these cookies and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them.
LOG DATA.
When you visit the site, whether as a member, a guest or as a visitor just browsing, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website, called “log data”.
This log data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type or the website from which you are visiting, pages of our site that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for, access times and dates, and other statistics.
We may use this information to monitor and analyze use of the site and the Service and for the site’s technical administration, to increase the site’s functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor the site to our members’, guests’ and visitors’ needs.
PUBLIC FORUMS.
Any information that you disclose in public areas of our website or the Internet may become public information.
You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these areas.
OUR COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITY.
Airly has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
While we make every effort to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining this information.
We will never sell your information to a third party.
REVISIONS TO THIS POLICY.
Airly reserves the right to revise, amend, or modify this policy and our other policies and agreements at any time and in any manner.
Any revision, amendment, or modification will be posted on our website.
.
For more information on how the recent General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) may affect you and your personal information or if you wish to contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) directly you can here.
Airly Group Pty LtdC/- York Butter VenturesLevel 2520 Bourke StreetMelbourne VIC 3000.
Receive the latest information on private aviation	and travel experiences.
Airly Group Pty Ltd acts solely as a booking agent for its members co-ordinating flights and other travel-related services.
We are not an airline, nor do we provide air transport.
Operators with CASA-issued Air Operators Certificate (AOC) maintain full operational control of their aircraft for our members.
