PREPAID.
Recharge.
New Prepaid SIM.
View Plans.
International Roaming.
Switch Prepaid to Postpaid.
Port to Airtel Prepaid.
POSTPAID.
Pay Bill.
Buy New Connection.
View Plans.
Switch Prepaid to Postpaid.
Port to Airtel.
Free Sim Delivery.
BROADBAND.
Pay Bill.
Buy New Connection.
View Plans.
DTH.
Recharge.
Buy New DTH Connection.
View Plans.
Upgrade Box.
Xstream.
Buy Second DTH connection.
BANK.
View Account.
Get New Account.
Add Money.
Know More.
AIRTEL BLACK.
Pay Bill.
View Plans.
HELP.
Contact Us.
Online Privacy Policy.
Last updated.
04th January, 2021.
We at Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited (hereinafter mentioned as "Airtel") are committed to protecting our customers’ personal information and strive to maintain the privacy of your Personal Information.
“Personal information” is any information that can be used by itself to uniquely identify, contact, or locate a person, or can be used with information available from other sources to uniquely identify an individual.
Personal information collected and/or held by us may include but is not limited to your name, father's name, mother's name, spouse's name, date of birth, current and previous addresses, telephone number, mobile phone number, email address, occupation and information contained in the documents used as proof of identity and proof of address.
For the purpose of this policy, sensitive personal data or information like financial information (such as bank account or credit card or debit card or other payment instrument details), passwords or authentication information for any of our products or services etc.
has been considered as a part of Personal Information.
Airtel and its group companies may collect, store, process and transfer your Personal Information well in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations for a variety of regulatory and business purposes.
These may include, but are not limited to.
Verify your identity.
Complete transactions effectively and bill for products and services.
Respond to your request for service or assistance.
Perform market analysis, market research, business and operational analysis.
Provide, maintain and improve our products and services.
Anticipate and resolve issues and concerns with our products and services.
Promote and market products and services which we consider may be of interest to you and/or may benefit you.
and.
Ensure adherence to legal and regulatory requirements for prevention and detection of frauds and crimes.
This Privacy Policy describes the Personal Information which we may collect and provides our approach towards handling and usage of or dealing with the same in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations.
Please read the terms of this Privacy Policy carefully.
By using and continuing to use our products and services, you are deemed to have accepted and consented to the terms of this Policy.
For further details on the policy, please click on the links below.
Collection of Personal Information.
Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Information.
Security Practices and Procedures.
Access and Correction.
Feedback and Concerns.
airtel reserves the right to amend or modify this Privacy Policy at any time, as and when the need arises.
We request you to visit our website  periodically for contemporary information and changes.
Collection of Personal Information.
We may collect your Personal Information when you use our services or websites or otherwise interact with us during the course of our relationship.
The Personal Information may be collected by Airtel through the Customer Application Form (CAF) or through its authorized third parties.
Third Party is a service provider who associates with Airtel and is involved in handling, managing, storing, processing, protecting and transmitting information on behalf of Airtel.
This definition also includes all sub-contractors, consultants and/or representatives of the Third party.
We may also collect and hold information related to your utilization of our services which may include your call details, your browsing history on our website, location details and additional information provided by you while using our services.
We may keep a log of the activities performed by you on our network and websites by using various internet techniques such as web cookies, web beacons, server log files, etc.
for analytical purposes and for analysis of the amiability of various features on our site.
This information may be used to provide you with a better experience at our portal along with evidentiary purposes.
At any time while you are browsing our site, if you do not wish to share browsing information, you may opt out of receiving the cookies from our site by making appropriate changes to your browser privacy settings.
Please refer to Airtel Online Cookie Policy for more details.
In case you do not provide your information or consent for usage of Personal Information or later on withdraw your consent for usage of the personal information so collected, Airtel reserves the right to discontinue the services for which the said information was sought.
Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Information.
Internal Use.
As explained in the section “Collection of Personal Information” Airtel may utilize some or all available Personal Information for internal assessments, measures, operations and related activities or any other lawful purpose.
We may share your Personal Information for the purposes detailed in this Privacy Policy with our internal third parties, which are the other entities in our group of companies.
We may transfer your personal information or other information collected, stored, processed by us to any other entity or organization located in India or outside India only in to fulfil the terms of a contract we have with you or if you have consented (at the time of collection of information) to the same.
This may also include sharing of aggregated information with them in order for them to understand our environment and consequently, provide you with better services.
While sharing your Personal Information with third parties, adequate organizational, technical and security measures shall be taken to ensure that reasonable security practices are followed at the third party.
If you wish to opt out of receiving product or service related communication from us, please SMS ‘START DND’ to 1909 (toll free).
Government Agencies.
We may also share your Personal Information without your consent with Government agencies or other authorized law enforcement agencies (LEAs) mandated under law to obtain such information for the purpose of verification of identity or for prevention, detection, investigation including but not limited to cyber incidents, prosecution, and punishment of offences.
We may obtain your consent for sharing your Personal Information in several ways, such as in writing, online, through "click-through" agreements.
orally, including through interactive voice response.
or when your consent is part of the terms and conditions pursuant to which we provide you service.
We, however assure you that Airtel does not disclose your Personal Information to unaffiliated third parties (parties outside Airtel corporate network and its Strategic and Business Partners) which could lead to invasion of your privacy.
Airtel may employ, contract or include third parties (as defined in section 1.
Collection of Personal Information) external to itself for strategic, business, tactical and operational purposes.
Such agencies though external to Airtel, will always be entities which are covered by contractual agreements wherein we shall take reasonable measures to ensure that the authorized third parties adopt reasonable level of security practices and procedures to ensure security of Personal Information.
Security Practices and Procedures.
We adopt reasonable security practices and procedures, in line with international standard IS/ISO/IEC 27001 and applicable laws, to include, technical, operational, managerial and physical security controls in order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, or disclosure while it is under our control.
We further take adequate steps to ensure that our third parties adopt reasonable level of security practices and procedures to ensure security of Personal Information.
While we observe reasonable security measures to protect your Personal Information on all our digital platforms and internet connections, security risks may still arise for reasons outside of our control such as hacking, virus disseminations, force majeure events, breaches of firewall and secure server software etc.
Please note that the above-mentioned measures do not guarantee absolute protection to the Personal Information.
For any responsible disclosure of a security vulnerability in our website, mobile application or our services, please send an email to .
Access and Correction.
To the extent feasible and subject to applicable laws we shall provide you access to the information that Airtel holds about you as well as facilitate any correction and updation of information.
Airtel may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise other rights you may have under applicable law).
This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who does not have a right to receive it.
We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We use best efforts to respond to legitimate requests within a reasonable timeframe.
If you no longer want to receive marketing messages from Airtel, you can choose to opt out at any time.
If you’ve previously opted in to receive personalised content based on how and where you use our network, you can also opt out at any time.
The easiest way to opt out is by sending a SMS “START DND” to 1909(Toll free).
There are also various other ways to opt out.
•Call our customer services team on 121•Tell the adviser if you receive a marketing call•Disable push notification messages, including marketing messages, at any time in our apps by changing the notification settings on your device or by uninstalling the app.
You may have received marketing from Airtel even if you’re not a customer or have never had contact with us.
This is a result of third-party marketing lists which Airtel may acquire from time to time, stating that you have given permission to be contacted by other organisations.
If you’ve registered with us to opt out of marketing from Airtel, you shouldn’t receive such communications.
We reserves the right to modify this Privacy Notice.
We will post any changes do our Privacy Notice on this page.
Please check the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page to see when this Privacy Notice was last revised.
We encourage you to check frequently to see the current Privacy Notice to be informed of how Airtel is committed to protecting your information and providing you with improved content on our site in order to enhance your experience.
Feedback and Concerns.
We are committed to safeguard your personal information collected and handled by us and look forward to your continued support for the same.
In case of any feedback or concern regarding protection of your personal information, you can contact us at .
Back to top.
Quick Access.
Airtel Black Bill Payment.
Prepaid Recharge.
Postpaid Bill Payment.
DTH Recharges.
Broadband Bill Payment.
Exciting Offers.
Airtel Payments Bank.
Airtel Thanks App.
Free Sim Delivery.
Telecom Tariff.
Rights Issue.
QIP & FCCB Issue.
Terms & Conditions.
Airtel Blogs.
Help at Hand.
Find a store.
Check Coverage.
Ownership Transfer.
Manage Your account.
ISP Near Me.
Wynk Music.
Broadband FAQs.
DTH FAQs.
Airtel Xstream FAQs.
Postpaid FAQs.
Stores near me.
DTH Consumer Corner.
New Connections.
Buy DTH New Connection.
Buy Prepaid New Connection.
Buy Postpaid New Connection.
Buy Broadband New Connection.
Buy Airtel Black Plan.
Buy Xstream Box.
Switch to Airtel.
International Roaming.
About Airtel.
Brand.
Career.
Partner.
Business.
About Airtel.
Press Release.
Investor Support.
Telecom Charter.
Airtel Community.
Back to top.
IMPORTANT ALERTSPRIVACY POLICYCOOKIE NOTICEDLT Registration for Commercial Communication DO NOT DISTURB LISTCONTACT US.
© 20192016             Airtel India.
All Rights Reserved.
