What We Do																																															What We Do  →✕ 																																					Pages																																																																			Filters area																																																																									Cloud																																																																									Data & Analytics																																																																									DevOps																																																																									IoT & Embedded																																																																									Frontend																																																																									Quality Engineering																																																																									Databases & Storage																																																																									AI & ML																																																																									Desktop																																																																									Mobile																																																																									Security & SecOps																																																																									UX & UI																																																																									AR & VR																																																																									Research & Consulting																																																																									Our Software																																																															Pages																																																																			Simple product.
What We Do  →.
What We Do  →.
Pages																																																																			Filters area.
Filters area.
Cloud																																																																									Data & Analytics																																																																									DevOps																																																																									IoT & Embedded																																																																									Frontend.
Cloud.
Data & Analytics.
DevOps.
IoT & Embedded.
Frontend.
Quality Engineering																																																																									Databases & Storage																																																																									AI & ML																																																																									Desktop																																																																									Mobile.
Quality Engineering.
Databases & Storage.
AI & ML.
Desktop.
Mobile.
Security & SecOps																																																																									UX & UI																																																																									AR & VR																																																																									Research & Consulting																																																																									Our Software.
Security & SecOps.
UX & UI.
AR & VR.
Research & Consulting.
Our Software.
Pages																																																																			Simple product.
Simple product.
How We Do It.
Who We Serve																																															Who We Serve →✕ 																																					Pages																																																																			Filters area																																																																									Healthcare & Life Sciences																																																																									Marketing & Media																																																																									Manufacturing & Industrial																																																																									Logistics & Transportation																																																																									Software & Technology																																																																									Utilities & Energy																																																																									eCommerce & Retail																																																																									Business Services																																																															Pages																																																																			Simple product.
Who We Serve →.
Who We Serve →.
Pages																																																																			Filters area.
Filters area.
Healthcare & Life Sciences																																																																									Marketing & Media																																																																									Manufacturing & Industrial																																																																									Logistics & Transportation.
Healthcare & Life Sciences.
Marketing & Media.
Manufacturing & Industrial.
Logistics & Transportation.
Software & Technology																																																																									Utilities & Energy																																																																									eCommerce & Retail																																																																									Business Services.
Software & Technology.
Utilities & Energy.
eCommerce & Retail.
Business Services.
Pages																																																																			Simple product.
Simple product.
Insights																																															Insights →✕ 																																					Pages																																																																			Filters area																																																																									Client Successes																																																																									Webinars																																																																									Articles.
Insights →.
Insights →.
Pages																																																																			Filters area.
Filters area.
Client Successes.
Client Successes.
Webinars.
Webinars.
Articles.
Articles.
About Us																																															About Us  →✕ 																																					Pages																																																																			Filters area																																																																									Careers																																																																									Latest News																																																															Pages																																																																			Simple product.
About Us  →.
About Us  →.
Pages																																																																			Filters area.
Filters area.
Careers.
Careers.
Latest News.
Latest News.
Pages																																																																			Simple product.
Simple product.
Privacy Policy.
Akvelon Privacy Policy.
Akvelon, Inc.
and its subsidiaries (“we” or “us”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
By visiting  and other websites operated by us (“our site”) you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
When you contact us, or make an inquiry, via our site, your data will be collected and controlled by Akvelon, Inc.
who will share that data with the relevant Akvelon company to which your inquiry, or request, relates (“Relevant Akvelon Company”).
For example, if you inquire about an employment opportunity relating to Akvelon, Inc.
, then your personal data may be shared with Akvelon, Inc.
for these purposes.
In such event both Akvelon Inc.
and the Relevant Akvelon Company may be considered controllers of your data under applicable law.
We and the Relevant Akvelon Company may also share your personal data with our other subsidiaries from time to time for the purposes set out in this privacy policy.
For your information.
Unless we notify you otherwise, inquiries relating to our International business are generally handled by Akvelon headquarters, a company incorporated and registered in Bellevue, Washington, USA at 3120 139th Avenue SE, Suite 100, Bellevue, WA 98005.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU.
We will collect and process the following data about you.
Information you give to us.
This is information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise.
It includes information you provide when you respond to job postings on our site, or request information about our services, and when you report a problem with our site.
The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, and other information that you voluntarily provide.
Information we collect about you.
With regard to each of your visits to our site we will automatically collect the following information.
technical information, including the domain and host name from which you access the Internet, the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, browser type and version, time zone and country setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform.
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), services you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
Information we receive from other sources.
We are working closely with third parties (including, for example, marketing services) that may provide us with additional information about you.
COOKIES.
Our site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our site.
This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and also allows us to improve our site.
For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie Policy.
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION.
We may use information held about you in the following ways.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us.
To provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or inquired about.
To provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about goods or services we feel may interest you.
We will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you, or where you have consented to this, or where we can otherwise lawfully do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
To improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer, as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure.
To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
To make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Information we receive from other sources.
We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you.
We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION.
You agree that we have the right to share your personal information with.
Any member of our company, including our subsidiaries.
Selected third parties including.
Service providers with which we have an agreement.
These third-party service providers assist us in assessing our information security controls, maintaining our site, analyzing our site traffic, and in providing services and information to us and to users of our siteAdvertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant advertisements to you and others.
We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers and advertising networks, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users.
We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to targetAnalytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our siteIn the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assetsIf Akvelon, Inc.
or its subsidiaries, or substantially all of the assets of any of the foregoing, is acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assetsIf we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Akvelon Inc.
or its subsidiaries, our customers, or othersIf you divulge information in a public forum offered on our site such as a chat room, message board and/or news group, this will be considered public information and may be disclosed and used by third parties.
Service providers with which we have an agreement.
These third-party service providers assist us in assessing our information security controls, maintaining our site, analyzing our site traffic, and in providing services and information to us and to users of our site.
Advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant advertisements to you and others.
We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers and advertising networks, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users.
We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our site.
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Akvelon, Inc.
or its subsidiaries, or substantially all of the assets of any of the foregoing, is acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Akvelon Inc.
or its subsidiaries, our customers, or others.
If you divulge information in a public forum offered on our site such as a chat room, message board and/or news group, this will be considered public information and may be disclosed and used by third parties.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers or at our third party data centers.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site.
any transmission is at your own risk.
Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
YOUR RIGHTS.
Depending on where you are located, you may have the right, under law, to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes.
Where you have the right, under law, to prevent such processing, you can exercise your right by contacting us at .
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.
If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION.
Depending on where you are located, you may have the right, under law, to access information held about you.
Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with applicable law, which might be the Act.
Any access request may be subject to a fee as may be notified to you from time to time, to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Any request should be made in writing, and the best way for you to do so is to contact us at the address stated below.
As we must be able to identify the person making the request, and because a fee may be due, we request that you confirm any request made by you via different means by contacting us at the address stated below.
Due to technological constraints and/or information security considerations, it may be inappropriate to use social media to supply information in response to any request by you for access to information, and so please provide an alternative delivery address for our response.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
We may modify this privacy policy from time to time.
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page.
Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
CONTACT.
Questions, comments or requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to or by mail at Akvelon, Inc.
, 3120 139th Avenue SE, Suite 100 , Bellevue, WA 98005 or by phone at (206) 905-4626.
Categories.
Case Studies.
Company Updates.
Tech Trends.
Technology Articles.
Webinars.
Recent Posts.
Fighting Wildfires with AI.
Akvelon Ranks in Top 10 of Open Source AI CompetitionMay 12, 2022No Comments.
Fighting Wildfires with AI.
Akvelon Ranks in Top 10 of Open Source AI Competition.
Developing Intelligent Apps with Spice.
AIApril 28, 2022No Comments.
Developing Intelligent Apps with Spice.
AI.
Akvelon’s Approach to High-Resolution Face Attribute ManipulationApril 22, 2022No Comments.
Akvelon’s Approach to High-Resolution Face Attribute Manipulation.
OUR INSTAGRAM.
Recent Comments.
Learn more about how we can power your engineering advantage by bridging the talent gap.
2022 Akvelon Inc.
All Rights Reserved.
What We DoAI & MLAR & VRFlutterOur Software.
AI & ML.
AR & VR.
Flutter.
Our Software.
How We Do It.
Who We ServeHealthcare and Life Sciences.
Healthcare and Life Sciences.
InsightsClient SuccessesWebinars.
Client Successes.
Webinars.
About UsCareersLatest News.
Careers.
Latest News.
