About us.
Innovation.
Logistic.
Automation.
ICT.
News.
ENG.
ITA.
Contacts.
ALASCOM privacy statement in force since May 2018 GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation – EU Regulation 2016/679 ).
This Privacy Policy is intended to describe how this site is managed, with reference to the processing of the personal data of users / visitors who consult it.
This information is also provided pursuant to the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation – EU Regulation 2016/679 ) – to those who connect to the Alascom institutional website at  The information is provided only for the aforementioned site and not for other websites that may be consulted by the user through specific links.
The website  is owned and managed by Alascom.
Alascom guarantees compliance with the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation – EU Regulation 2016/679 ), in accordance with the provisions of the Company Policy and Ethics.
We therefore ask you to carefully read the following information notice before submitting any type of personal information and / or filling out any form on the site itself.
Type of data processed and purpose of the processing.
1) Navigation data.
The computer systems and software procedures used to operate this site acquire, during normal operation, some personal data which are then implicitly transmitted in the use of Internet communication protocols.
This is information which by its nature could, through associations and processing with data held by third parties, allow users / visitors to be identified (e.
g.
IP address, domain names of the computers used by users / visitors who connect to the site, etc.
).
These data are used only for statistical information (therefore they are anonymous) and to check the correct functioning of the site and are deleted immediately after processing.
The data on web contacts are not kept, however, for more than seven days, except for any investigations of computer crimes against the site.
No data deriving from the web service will be communicated or disseminated.
2) Data provided voluntarily by users / visitors In cases where.
Users / Visitors, send their personal data to access certain services, or to make requests via e-mail, this involves the acquisition by Alascom of the sender’s address and / or any other personal data.
Customers, Partners and Suppliers, in the context of business relationships, provide contact information such as.
name, business contacts of their employees and authorized users, for the purpose of contract management, fulfillment, supply of products, services, support, invoicing and management of the same and relationships.
Visitors who access our offices and locations, provide their data for registration.
name and contact information, for security and protection reasons.
Where Alascom uses personal information in the context of a request, order, transaction or agreement, or to provide the requested services, it does so because it is necessary in relation to the services, requests, or for the provision of the service between Alascom and the user.
.
3) Cookies.
Cookies are not used to transmit information of a personal nature, nor are persistent cd cookies of any kind used, or systems for tracing users.
The use of so-called session cookies (which are not stored permanently on the user’s computer and disappear when the browser is closed) is strictly limited to the transmission of session identifiers (consisting of random numbers generated by the server) necessary to allow the safe and efficient exploration of the site.
The so-called session cookies used on this site avoid the use of other IT techniques that are potentially prejudicial to the confidentiality of users’ browsing and do not allow the acquisition of the user’s personal identification data.
Processing methods.
The processing is carried out through automated tools (eg using electronic procedures and media) and / or manually (eg on paper) for the time strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which the data were collected and, in any case, in compliance with the relevant regulations in force.
Optional supply of data.
Apart from that specified for navigation data, users / visitors are free to provide their personal data.
Failure to provide them can only make it impossible to obtain what is requested.
Owner, Managers and categories of Appointees.
The Data Controller is Alascom srl – based in Via Giovanni da Procida 14 – 20149 Milan (MI) in the person of its legal representative, domiciled at the Company.
Rights of interested parties.
The subjects to whom the personal data refer have the right at any time to obtain confirmation of the existence or otherwise of such data and to know its content and origin, verify its accuracy or request its integration or updating, or the rectification (GDPR – General Data Protection Regulation – EU Regulation 2016/679 ).
Pursuant to the same article, one has the right to request cancellation, transformation into anonymous form or blocking of data processed in violation of the law, as well as to oppose in any case, for legitimate reasons, to their processing.
© 2022Alascom Srl.
P.
IVA13395360152.
FacebookLinkedIn.
Company policy.
Code of ethics.
Privacy policy.
Cookie Policy.
