Products.
Applications.
Design Support.
Community.
About Infineon.
Careers.
Newsletter.
Contact.
Where to Buy.
myInfineonRegister for myInfineon.
Register for myInfineon.
Cart.
Company.
Our Divisions.
Management Board.
Supervisory Board.
Our Locations.
Procurement.
Quality.
Infineon Awards.
Cybersecurity.
Sustainability.
Environmental Sustainability and Climate Protection.
Safety and Health.
Business Ethics.
Corporate Citizenship.
CSR Supply Chain Management.
Human Rights.
CSR Reporting.
Press.
General Information.
Press Releases.
Market News.
Press Kits.
Media Pool.
Events.
Contacts.
Investor.
Infineon at a Glance.
News & Events.
Reports & Presentations.
Infineon Share.
Fixed Income.
Corporate Governance.
Shareholder Service.
Contact.
Tradeshows & Conferences.
Discoveries.
New Mobility.
Internet of Things.
Energy Efficiency.
All Discoveries.
Wireless Module Partners.
Partner Overviews.
Alinket.
AzureWave.
LB-Link.
Inventek.
ITON.
Laird Connectivity.
Lantronix.
Murata.
MXCHIP.
OneThinx.
Pairlink.
USI.
Alinket.
Founded in Shanghai in 2013, Alinket Technology is a high-tech enterprise with "specialization, special innovation" and "double soft certification".
The company mainly provides system solutions integrating software and hardware, such as IOT chip module, IOT controller, IOT data gateway, IOT middleware suite, cloud access technology and application technology.
The company's products and solutions serve the fields of medical devices, hospitals, industrial equipment, precision instruments, warehousing and logistics, intelligent management and so on.
As the pioneer of Internet of things technology, Alinket Technology has always adhered to the concept of "self connected, all things are self connected".
The company's products have passed iso9001.
2015 quality system certification and FCC and CE certification.
It has many product patents and software copyrights.
It has independently developed modules, controllers and gateways, with an annual output of more than one million and an annual delivery capacity of more than 5 million.
Alinket accumulated numbers of network patents and software copyrights in less than 5 years.
AiDKTM (Alinket IoT Development Kits) and AiDMSTM (Alinket Device Middleware System) support EAP encryption, MFi (Made for iPod/iPhone/iPad) authentication, etc,and will convert customers’ idea to intelligent and networked product in the shortest time.
The company's long-term strategic partners include Microsoft, Qihoo 360, Tencent, ARM, Cypress, Broadrom, Japan optoelectronics, General electric, Mindray medical, Smith medical and other world-famous companies.
Company details.
Alinket Electronic Technology (Shanghai) Co.
,Ltd.
Address：No.
45, Lane 676, Wuxing Rd, PuDong New District, Shanghai, China.
Tel：021-58651708.
Website：.
© 1999 - 2022 Infineon Technologies AG.
Usage of this website is subject to our Usage Terms.
Imprint.
Contact.
Privacy Policy.
Glossary.
苏ICP备15016286号-1 | 苏公网安备 32021402001016号 | 营业执照.
Switch to Mobile Version.
Switch to Desktop Version.
