Products & SolutionsProduct OverviewSMARTShip™SMARTVoyagerShipPalmVIO.
Product Overview.
SMARTShip™.
SMARTVoyager.
ShipPalm.
VIO.
Sustainability.
InsightsAll InsightsBlogNewsWhitepapersCasesAOT In The Media.
All Insights.
Blog.
News.
Whitepapers.
Cases.
AOT In The Media.
About UsAbout UsOur PeopleOur Technologies.
About Us.
Our People.
Our Technologies.
Careers.
Get In Touch.
Privacy Policy.
Introduction As of March 28, 2018.
Alpha Ori Technologies Pte.
Ltd.
, its affiliates and subsidiaries and each of their directors, officers, employees, and authorized representatives (collectively, “Alpha Ori”, “we”, “us” or “our”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through compliance with this Privacy Policy (this “Policy”).
This Policy describes our policies and practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing information that we collect from you or that you provide to us when you visit our website, alphaori.
sg (our “Website”) or use any of our products, software, applications or services made available by us (collectively with the Website, the “Services”).
Alpha Ori is a global organization sharing the data we manage across business entities, processes and information systems around the world.
This Policy is global in nature and our privacy practices may vary among the countries in which we operate to reflect local practices and legal requirements.
Your Consent.
Please read this Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it.
By accessing or using the Services, you agree that this Policy governs our collection, use, maintenance, protection and disclosure of any information submitted to us on or through the Services.
If you are using the Services on behalf of an entity, you are agreeing to this Policy for that entity and are representing to us that you have the authority to do so (in which case “you” will refer to that entity).
If you do not agree to be bound by this Policy, you may not access or use our Services.
Scope.
This Policy covers only information collected through the Services and not through any other information collection or processing, including services offered by other companies or individuals that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Policy.
Types of Information.
We collect both personal and non-personal information.
When we refer to “personal information” in this Policy, we mean information that can be used to identify you as an individual, such as your name, birth date, e-mail address, mailing address, or telephone number.
Personal information does not include “anonymous” or “aggregate” information.
Anonymous information is information that is not associated with or linked to your personal information and that does not enable identification of you as an individual.
Aggregate information is anonymous information that we collect about a group or category of products, services or users.
Collection Methods.
Alpha Ori collect information about you from various sources.
Information you provide .
You may choose to voluntarily provide information to us, for example in connection with your use of any of our Services or in relation to an actual or potential business or employment relationship with us.
We collect your name, e-mail address(es), mailing address(es), telephone number(s), and information related to the business you represent when you request information from us, register, order a Service, or otherwise voluntarily send us such information.
We will also collect payment information, phone number, billing and shipping addresses when you use a chargeable Service.
Information collected automatically .
We may also collect information by automated means.
When you visit our Website or use our software applications, we may collect information that is sent to us automatically from your computer, mobile device or web browser.
This information typically includes your IP address, the identity of your Internet service provider, the name and version of your operating system, the name and version of your browser, the date and time of your visit, the pages you visit, your location and your mobile device unique identifier.
Cookies .
We may also use cookies, web beacons or other similar technologies to collect information about your use of our Website or web applications.
We may use these technologies to collect information about the ways you use the Website, which pages you view and other usage information, and when you access or download any software applications made available by us on the Website.
We may also allow other companies, such as third-party web analytics service providers or advertisers, to collect data about traffic through our Website or web applications via cookies or web beacons.
You are free to decline cookies, but by doing so, your ability to use applicable Services may be diminished.
Hardware sensors and software applications .
In connection with providing you with the Services, Alpha Ori group may install or use a variety of hardware sensors and software applications that may collect information about your vessel and systems.
Through these hardware sensors and software applications, we may collect location data, systems technical information, operations and performance data.
Third Party Sources .
We also may obtain information about you from publicly available information systems, consumer reporting agencies, and commercial information services.
Use of Information.
We may use your information, including personal information, that we obtain to provide the Services, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our system or fulfill other legitimate interests.
The purposes for which we collect and use your information include.
to provide, manage, maintain and secure the Services you request.
to provide you, if you are a customer, with effective customer service.
to better understand the preferences of users of our Services, compile aggregated statistics about usage of our Services.
to provide you with personalized experience when you use our Services.
to contact you with information and notices related to your use of our Services.
to contact you with special offers and other information we believe will be of interest to you.
to invite you to participate in surveys and provide feedback to us.
to develop aggregate statistic to help monitor the performance of the Services, conduct research, improve our content and services.
to operate and improve our business, including to administer, protect and improve our services, to develop new products and services, and for other internal business purposes.
to evaluate your interest in employment and contact you regarding possible employment with Alpha Ori group.
to protect the security of our Services.
to protect against and prevent fraud or identity theft, claims and other liabilities.
to manage corporate risk exposure.
to enforce our terms of use or other agreements.
to use for any other purpose we describe at the point where we collect your information.
Disclosure of Information.
We do not sell or otherwise disclose personal information we collect about you, except as described in this Policy or otherwise disclosed to you at the time the information is collected.
We may disclose your information, including personal information, to third-party service providers, such as vendors, technical agents, subcontractors and consultants, to perform certain businessrelated functions that help make the Services and our offerings available and functional, including, but not limited to, design services, web site hosting, data analysis services, maintenance and technical services, customer support and e-mail delivery services.
We require these third-party service providers to maintain the confidentiality of the information we share with them, and we require them not use your information for anything other than to provide services on our behalf.
We may also disclose your information, including personal information, when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law, a court order, or a subpoena.
We may also disclose such information to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft.
to protect the security of our Services.
to enforce or apply our terms of use or other agreements.
or to protect our own rights or property or the rights, property or safety of our users or others.
We reserve the right to transfer your information, including personal information, in connection with a prospective or actual sale, merger, transfer or other reorganization of all or parts of our business.
If such transfer occurs, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided to us in a manner consistent with this policy.
Following such a sale or transfer, you may contact the person or entity to which we transferred your personal information with any inquiries concerning the processing of that information.
We may disclose aggregated user statistics and other information with our affiliates, agents and current or prospective business partners.
Finally, we may disclose your information, including personal information, where you have granted us permission.
On our Website you may have an opportunity to post your information on public areas of the Website (i.
e.
comments or blog).
Note that information is visible to and may be collected, stored and used by anyone and therefore you should have no expectation of privacy with respect to such posted content.
We strongly suggest you be cautious about posting your personal information.
In addition, you may choose to use certain features of the Services for which we partner with other entities.
These features are operated by third parties that are not affiliated with Alpha Ori.
These third parties may use your information, including personal information, in accordance with their own privacy policies.
We strongly suggest you review the third parties’ privacy policies if you use the relevant features.
Your Choices.
We offer you certain choices about what information we collect from you, how we use that information, and how we communicate with you.
Decline .
When you are asked to provide information to us, you may choose to decline to provide such information.
If you decline to provide such information, your ability to use applicable Services may be diminished or restricted.
Opt-in/out .
In some circumstances, such as e-mail marketing, we offer you the ability to opt-in or opt-out of some kinds of information collection, use or communications.
In such circumstances, we will respect your choice.
For example, you can opt-out of receiving marketing e-mails by emailing us at Please also note that we may still send you important administrative messages.
Cookies .
You have the option to accept or disable cookies at any time by activating the appropriate setting on your browser or activating the appropriate settings in your computer or mobile device.
If you chose to disable your cookies, your ability to use applicable Services may be diminished.
Do Not Track .
Certain web browsers enable users to activate a “Do Not Track” signal but we do not currently respond to the “Do Not Track” signal or other similar mechanisms.
Access .
Subject to applicable law, you may have the right to request access to and receive information about the personal information we maintain about you, update and correct inaccuracies in your personal information, and have the information blocked or deleted, as appropriate.
Upon appropriate request, we will update and correct inaccuracies in your personal information but we reserve the fight to use information obtained previously to verify your identity.
If we are unable to verify your identity or if the law permits or requires us to do so, we may limit or deny your request.
If you would like to request access to and receive information about the personal information we maintain about you, update and correct inaccuracies in your personal information, and have the information blocked or deleted, please email us at .
Storage and Processing of Information.
We store and process data in the United States and on servers around the world, including without limitation India and Singapore.
Wherever we store or process personal information pursuant to this Policy, we take measures to ensure that the information is processed in accordance with this Policy and in compliance with applicable law.
By using our Services, you agree that your personal information may be.
(i) transferred from your country to the United States or other countries that may not provide an equivalent level of privacy and data protection law as your country and (ii) used in accordance with this Policy.
Security.
We maintain reasonable administrative, physical and technological measures to protect the confidentiality and security of your information.
Unfortunately, no Website, server, database or e-mail transmission is completely secure or error-free.
We therefore cannot guarantee that your information will not be disclosed, misused or lost by accident or by the unauthorized acts of others.
Children’s Privacy.
Our services are intended for adults.
We do not intentionally or knowingly collect personal information from children, as defined by applicable law, and we request that children do not submit any information to us.
If you believe we might have any information from or about a child, please email us at .
Links to Third-Party Websites.
The Services may contain links to other web sites not controlled or operated by us.
This Policy does not apply to third-party linked web sites, which may have their own privacy policies.
We strongly suggest you review the third parties’ privacy policies if you access such websites.
In addition, links from the Services to third-party linked web sites do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed content of such web sites.
Amendments.
We reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Policy at any time.
When we do, we will post the revised version on our Website and indicate the date this policy was last revised.
When you access our Website or use our other Services, you are accepting the current version of this Policy.
We strongly suggest you regularly revisit this Policy to learn of any changes or amendments.
Contact.
If you have any questions about this Policy, please email us at or write to us atAlpha Ori Technologies Pte.
Ltd.
,Attention.
Privacy Counsel,3 Fusionopolis Way,#13-20 Symbiosis Tower,Singapore 138633.
Alpha Ori Technologies.
HEAD OFFICEAlpha Ori Technologies Pte.
Ltd.
3 Fusionopolis Way,#13-20 Symbiosis,Singapore 138633.
Tel.
+65 6463 .
TokyoAlpha Ori Technologies Japan Co.
Ltd.
Torei Ebisu Bldg.
2F, 1-17-12 Ebisu-NishiShibuya-ku Tokyo, Japan 150-0021—Tel.
+81 3 6455 0718.
ChennaiAlpha Ori India Pvt.
Ltd.
Door No 3/381, Akdr Tower,2nd Floor, Rajiv Gandhi Salai (OMR),Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, 600097—Tel.
+91 044 61371200.
San DiegoAlpha Ori Technologies4660 La Jolla Village Drive, Suite 100 & 200San Diego, CA 92122—Tel.
+1 (650) 450-6237.
ProductsSMARTShip™SMARTVoyagerShipPalmVIO.
SMARTShip™.
SMARTVoyager.
ShipPalm.
VIO.
InsightsCasesNewsBlogWhitepapersAOT In The Media.
Cases.
News.
Blog.
Whitepapers.
AOT In The Media.
Contact UsBook A DemoAsk An ExpertOur Locations.
Book A Demo.
Ask An Expert.
Our Locations.
CompanyAbout Alpha Ori TechnologiesOur PeopleSustainabilityOur Technologies.
About Alpha Ori Technologies.
Our People.
Sustainability.
Our Technologies.
PressPress CenterMedia Kit.
Press Center.
Media Kit.
CareersJobsInternshipOur People.
Jobs.
Internship.
Our People.
Follow us.
Copyright © 2022 Alpha Ori.
All rights reserved.
SaaS Terms.
Privacy Policy.
