Home.
ProductsTemperature SensorsPressure SensorsAir Quality SensorsMoisture MetersValidation.
Temperature Sensors.
Pressure Sensors.
Air Quality Sensors.
Moisture Meters.
Validation.
MarketsTransportationMedicalIndustrialPharmaceutical.
Transportation.
Medical.
Industrial.
Pharmaceutical.
Literature.
CompanyLocationsQualityCareersBlog.
Locations.
Quality.
Careers.
Blog.
ContactFind DistributorsRMA Forms.
Find Distributors.
RMA Forms.
Products Menu.
Temperature Sensors.
Pressure Sensors.
CO2, Humidity & Dust Sensors.
Moisture Meters.
Thermal Validation & Monitoring.
Privacy Policy.
Amphenol Advanced Sensors.
Privacy Policy.
Effective Date.
January 1, 2018.
The protection and security of your personal data are important to Amphenol.
This Privacy Policy tells you how we collect, use, share, and protect your personal data, and together with the website Terms of Use, applies to your use of  (“Website”).
Please read this Privacy Policy to understand how Amphenol may process your personal data.
1.
Personal Data Collection.
You are not required to provide any personal data as a condition of using our Website.
However, Amphenol will process your personal data when you submit it in the following ways.
Communications via our Website.
We collect personal data when you provide it to us through communications via our Website.
This includes where you contact us with an inquiry or request and similar situations in which you have chosen to provide the information to us, including for customer service support.
Products or Services You Request.
Where you request a product, service or information from us, we will collect your personal data in order to process your request and otherwise contact you following an inquiry.
When you communicate with us via our Website or request a product or service, the types of information we may collect from you include.
your name, address, contact details including your email address, your telephone number, your country and the details of your communication or request.
Additionally, we may collect the following.
Information About Your Device.
When you use our Website, we will automatically receive technical information, including the name of your internet service provider, the website that you used to link to our Website, the websites that you visit from our Website, the type of device you use, a unique device identifier such as your device IMEI number, MAC address of the device’s wireless network interface, or the mobile phone number used by the device, mobile network information, your operating system and software version number, IP address, the type of browser you use, the country and language code and time zone setting.
This information can lead to your identification, but we do not use it to do so.
Job Applicants.
We also collect and process your personal data if you apply to work at Amphenol or at any of our Amphenol group of companies via our careers page at  We also use third party providers to process applications submitted through our providers’ website.
2.
Purposes for Processing your Personal Data.
We process your personal data for the following purposes.
to process any request for a product or service you make.
administration of an inquiry or other request you make when you contact us via our Website, including for customer service support.
to continue to develop, test and improve our Website, including to offer new functionality and features.
to better understand how you interact with our Website, including its functionality and features, and ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner.
3.
Marketing.
We may contact you to tell you about products and services that we feel may be of interest to you or that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about.
Unless you have chosen not to receive our marketing communications, you may be contacted by us, a distributor of Amphenol products, or by one of our selected partners, in each case where you have consented to receive these communications.
You may opt out of receiving our marketing communications at any time by contacting us at or by using the unsubscribe link in any of our communications.
We will continue to contact you for non-marketing related purposes where we need to issue a field corrective or safety notice, or to where we need to send certain information to you under a legal, regulatory, or ethical requirement.
4.
Sharing your Personal Data.
Amphenol may share your information with.
Amphenol affiliated companies, the details of which are listed at.
.
a prospective seller or buyer in the event of a sale or purchase of any Amphenol business or asset so that the buyer can continue to provide you with information and services.
data processors that we engage to provide services for us.
Where we provide your personal data to data processors, they are required to keep your personal data confidential and secure, and must only use your personal data as instructed by us.
and.
our distributors, business partners, or service providers, including for marketing purposes or where you have chosen to share your personal data through various features and functionality provided via our Website.
We may also disclose your personal data where required to respond to authorized requests from government authorities or where required by law, including for national security.
Where we are required by law, we may also disclose your personal data where it is necessary to enforce or apply our Website Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy or other agreements, to investigate or protect the rights, property or safety of Amphenol and our group companies, our products and services and our customers, distributors or business partners or to prevent or take action regarding illegal activities or fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or as evidence in litigation.
Your personal data may be subject to foreign laws and may be accessible by foreign governments, courts, law enforcement and regulatory agencies.
5.
Storing your Personal Data.
Your personal data collected via our Website will be stored on servers located in the United States.
It may also be processed by Amphenol staff or by one of our service providers operating in any of Amphenol’s or our affiliates’ locations.
This includes individuals engaged in, among other things, administration of an inquiry or request you make via our Website or the provision of support services.
Amphenol will store your information for as long as we have to by law, and where there is no legal requirement, we will only store it for as long as we need it as described in this Privacy Policy.
6.
Keeping your Personal Data Secure.
Amphenol implements appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of your personal data.
We will use strict procedures and security features, including cryptographic techniques, and take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure your personal data is processed securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Please note that the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
Although Amphenol will do its best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted via our Website and any transmission is at your own risk.
7.
Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies.
Like most companies we use cookies and similar technologies on our Website.
Unless you disable such technologies, by using our Website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies and related technologies on your device.
We explain below how you can manage your choices and opt-out of the collection of such aggregate information.
We use the following cookies on our Website.
Essential Cookies.
Some cookies serve an essential function and the websites cannot work properly without them.
Where such essential cookies are used, they cannot be disabled, without also disabling the related functionality of the Website.
Browser Cookies.
Other cookies serve a functional purpose and improve the user experience of the websites.
We use browser cookies to tell us, for example, whether you’ve visited us before, and to help us identify site features in which you may have the greatest interest.
Browser cookies may enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site so that you do not need to reset them each time you visit the website.
Browser cookies cannot identify you as an individual.
You can decline any Browser cookie through your browser.
however, without Browser cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of all our Website features.
Web Beacons.
Some types of cookies collect aggregate information which help us to improve our websites by providing information, for example, on loading errors and the most visited webpages.
Certain pages on our site may contain web beacons (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs).
Amphenol uses web beacons to help display content to visitors and to generate statistics regarding web traffic and trends.
Web beacons cannot identify you as an individual.
Targeting Cookies.
These cookies record your visit to our Website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed.
We will use this information to make our Website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests.
We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
We use cookies and similar technologies for the following purposes.
to improve our Website security.
to identify you when you sign-in to our Website and remember your preferences.
to analyze how you use our Website by tracking specific actions on our Website, such as visits to the various pages of our Website.
to collect anonymous statistical information on how visitors use our Website so that we can make improvements to its usability and to improve content delivery value.
to allow you to share pages with social networks like Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn.
to determine the effectiveness of our on-line campaigns in terms of both sales and user activity on our Website.
to allow us to assess the success of our advertising by identifying events (such as registrations, checkouts, etc.
) on our Website which happened as a direct result of advertising.
and.
to make sure our advertising on other websites is relevant to you.
We also use cookies and similar technologies provided by other companies to collect web traffic information such as time, date, IP address, and browser, so that we can store your preferences and other information on your device and save you time on subsequent visits by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information.
In most circumstances the information captured cannot identify you as an individual.
This data could possibly lead to your identification, but we do not use it to do so.
Google Analytics.
We use Google Analytics cookies to collect information and compile reports about how visitors use our Website, and we use this information to help us improve our Website.
Google Analytics mainly uses first-party cookies which are not shared across different websites that you visit.
The information that the cookies collect is mostly anonymous and includes the number of visitors to the Website, where those visitors originate from and how many times they have visited the Website.
Google has published information in relation to privacy and safeguarding data.
Google Analytics will collect your IP address, which is a unique code assigned to every computer and device connected to the Internet.
IP addresses are usually assigned in geographic blocks and may allow website operators to identify the country, state and city in which the computer or device is based.
We may collect either the full or a portion of an IP addresses to help us identify the location of our website visitors.
Google Analytics will also collect demographic and interests information, including age and gender, where available in the cookie.
Google Analytics also uses third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) on websites where Google Analytics Advertising Features are used, such as Remarketing or AdWords.
Our use of Google Analytics’ Remarketing feature allows targeted and relevant advertising to be delivered to you when you browse elsewhere on the internet.
This feature can also work cross-device where you have a Google account and you have chosen to enable Google to associate your web browsing history with your account and to use information from your account to personalise advertising you see across the internet.
When you’re signed-in to your Google account, Google will use your data together with the analytics data they obtain by the third-party cookies on our Website to serve better advertising on other websites you visit and based on your past browsing habits.
In order to support this feature, Google will collect user’s Google-authenticated identifiers.
Opting out of cookies.
You may refuse to accept cookies by altering the settings on your internet browser (for example Internet Explorer, Chrome and Firefox).
Please note that if you choose not to permit cookies some areas of our Website may not function properly or be accessible.
In general by consulting the help menu item in your internet browser, instructions on how to disable or delete cookies is available.
Most browsers are set-up to accept these cookies automatically.
In addition, you can deactivate the storing of cookies or adjust your browser to inform you before the cookie is stored on your computer.
You may also use self-regulation programs available in your jurisdiction to manage the way that companies other than Google advertise to you, such as the EU-based Your Online Choices.
8.
Links to Other Web Sites.
Our Website may contain links to other third-party websites that are not governed by this Privacy Policy.
Although we endeavour to link only to websites with high privacy standards, this Privacy Policy will no longer apply once you leave our Website.
Links to other websites are provided for information only and do not constitute endorsements of those other websites.
Amphenol and/or its affiliated companies are not responsible for the content of links or third-party websites and do not make any representation regarding their content or accuracy.
Your use of third-party websites is at your own risk.
9.
Changes to this Privacy Policy.
Any changes we make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy.
10.
General Data Protection Regulation.
For EU residents.
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) requires Amphenol to provide additional information about how Amphenol processes the personal data of individuals resident within the European Union.
The GDPR governs the use of “personal data”, which is any information that identifies or from which an individual could be identified, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or one or more factors specific to an individual’s identity.
Amphenol processes personal data for a number of reasons.
To provide goods and/or services pursuant to an agreement.
Where required by the law of the European Union or its member states.
and.
Where Amphenol has legitimate business interest in doing so.
The GDPR provides EU residents with certain rights in relation to the processing of their personal data, including the right to request access, to have personal data rectified or erased, to object to its processing or to have access to personal data restricted.
Amphenol respects individuals’ rights under the GDPR, and we may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, before providing individuals with access to their personal data.
There may also be circumstances where Amphenol is permitted by law to deny access.
We have implemented appropriate safeguards, to protect your personal data when it is transferred, including the execution of data transfer agreements with recipients of the information.
11.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions or concerns as to the processing of your Personal Data, please use the "Contact Us" link on the Website.
Markets Menu.
Transportation.
Industrial.
Medical.
Pharmaceutical.
PRODUCTS.
Temperature Sensors.
Pressure Sensors.
Air Quality Sensors.
Moisture Meters.
Validation.
MARKETS.
Transportation.
Medical.
Industrial.
Pharmaceutical.
COMPANY.
Locations.
Quality.
Careers.
Blog.
Subscribe for News & Updates.
