Locations Overview.
Book OverviewSubscription PlansServices.
Programs & Events.
Partner With Us Program & Event PartnersService PartnersNeighborhood Partners List your Venue/StudioReferrals & Agents.
Careers.
General information.
What Personal Data do we collect.
How do we use your Personal Data.
How do we protect your Personal Data.
Where do we store your Personal Data.
How long do we keep your Personal Data.
Do we use cookies.
Do we disclose any Personal Data to third parties.
Third party links.
Legal age.
Your rights.
Communication and marketing.
Changes to our Privacy Policy.
Privacy policy.
1.
General information                             Antwork Ltd, a British Virgin Islands company registered under number /1919906/ with its address at Suite 6, Mill Mall, Wickhams Cay 1, P.
O Box 3085 (including its wholly and partially owned subsidiaries) (“us”, “we” and/or “Antwork”), provides desks, shared and coworking spaces, private offices as well as events and meetings dedicated spaces and related services at various locations (“Services”).
Antwork holds and operates an online platform, composed of a mobile application named “Antwork” (“App”) and a website at  (“Website”), which comprises inter alia of an online marketplace and micro-leasing engine facilitating the booking and management of its Services (“Platform”).
The registered user of the Platform and/or the Services, may be either an independent person or the employee of an entity, which entered an agreement for Services with Antwork.
The individual, with respect to whom we collect personal data, directly or indirectly, shall be referred to as “you”.
“Personal Data” is any information, which, directly or indirectly, relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
A “controller” is the person determining the purpose of the data collection while the “processor” is the person processing the personal data- one person (natural or legal) can be both at once.
Personal data processing includes (whether automated or manual), without limitation, the acts of collecting, recording, organizing, storing, modifying, consulting, using, publishing, combining, destroying…                            For the purpose of the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”), Antwork is both the controller and the processor.
Please read our Privacy Policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we handle your Personal Data and rights, in relation to our interactions with you on the Platform and when you visit our locations and/or use our Services.
By accessing the Platform, visiting our locations and/or using our Services, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy along with our Terms of Use   as updated from time to time and notified to you, as well as any specific agreement you may enter with us in addition to applicable laws and regulations.
You also acknowledge and agree, as may be the case, that you are authorized, on behalf the entity you represent or with which you are employed or otherwise affiliated, to agree to such terms on its behalf and the entity you represent is licensed to use the Platform and Services.
All terms capitalized or used herein are as defined in the Terms of Use                              1.
What Personal Data do we collect.
2.
How do we use your Personal Data.
3.
How do we protect your Personal Data.
4.
Where do we store your Personal Data.
5.
How long do we keep your Personal Data.
6.
Do we use cookies.
7.
Do we disclose any Personal Data to third parties.
8.
Third party links                             9.
Legal age                             10.
Your rights                             11.
Communication and marketing                             12.
Changes to our Privacy Policy.
2.
What Personal Data do we collect.
We collect your Personal Data when you visit our locations and/or the Platform, register or place a booking and/or an order on the Platform.
-	When registering, booking and/or ordering on our Platform, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter and we will ask you to provide us with and collect information such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, address, industry, company name, position, phone number, social media links, purchases, bookings details, or credit card information.
If you register using your Facebook or Google account.
we ask you to provide us with and collect information including first name and last name as appeared on your Facebook or Google account and IDs.
In the event that you have provided permission to Facebook or Google through their in-app privacy option, we may collect your gender, age or email id depending on the permissions granted by you through your Facebook or Google account.
-	When visiting one of our locations, as appropriate, we will collect, your name, e-mail address, mailing address, address, industry, company name, position, phone number, credit card information, door access timings, rooms controls, social media links through your Antwork account and the use of the Antwork App for access and/or video images of you in the public spaces at Antwork locations through the use of CCTV cameras where installed.
-	When you visit or register on our Platform, we may also collect your IP address and other information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), logs through and from our Platform (including date and time), products you viewed or searched for, length of visits to certain pages and page interaction information.
We use Google (Universal) Analytics, a web-analysis service from Google Inc.
( for the same purpose.
The information generated on your use of the Platform is transmitted and stored, as a rule, to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
You can prevent the acquisition of the data generated by the cookies, if any, and relating to your use of the Platform by Google, as well as its processing by Google, in that you download and install the browser plug-in available under the following link.
3.
How do we use your Personal Data.
The Personal Data information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways.
-	To ensure that content from the Platforms is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device.
-	To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
-	To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
-	To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services, when you choose to do so.
-	To abide by the terms of this Privacy Policy.
-	To notify you about changes to our Services and/or our Terms of Use and/or Privacy Policy.
Personal Data which you provide us may be combined with personal data which your employer, an Antwork customer, provides us, or which may be provided by other sources, all of which will be used for the purposes set out within.
In certain circumstances, we may also process your Personal Data based on your consent.
If we do this, we will let you know the purpose and the category of information to be processed at the time we seek your consent.
4.
How do we protect your Personal Data.
We, together with our third-party trusted services suppliers, implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order, enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
We do not guarantee or warrant the security of our servers nor can we guarantee that information you supply through the Platform will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the Internet.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of the Platform, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
We ask you not to share any password with anyone.
5.
Where do we store your Personal Data.
The Personal Data information we collect about you may be transferred to, processed and stored, in Lebanon and/or outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”), notably through Amazon Web Services, in secure servers in order to provide the best possible user experience.
The Personal Data that we collect from you may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers.
Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your order, the processing of your payment details or the provision of support services to us.
By submitting your Personal Data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing in Lebanon and/or outside of the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure that a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented.
-	The countries have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission.
-	 Adequate safeguards are put in place for personal data protections, such as specific contract clauses.
-	Where we use service providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield.
-	Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
6.
How long do we keep your Personal Data.
We will only retain your Personal Data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
7.
Do we use cookies.
A cookie is a piece of information that is stored on your computer’s hard drive by your web browser which tracks your movements within the Website.
The Website uses cookies to keep track of how often you visit our Platform to deliver content specific to your interests.
You can choose to accept or refuse to receive cookies, and you may still use most of the features of our Website, including the ability to purchase items.
8.
Do we disclose any Personal Data to third parties.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your information to third parties.
We may however share your information with members of our group of companies which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries as well as trusted third parties who assist us in operating the Platform, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as these parties agree to abide by the terms of this Privacy Policy, keep the data confidential and secure, and to treat it only in accordance with the law and the purposes specified herein as well as our instructions.
In the event that we go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your personal information will likely be among the assets transferred.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our Platform policies, or protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety.
Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Some Antwork customers, require for their data security and management to know the identity of persons who access their office space, for example, the identity of vendors (such as delivery services, catering, IT support, contractors, cleaning etc.
) and their employees.
For those customers, who reasonably require it, and so long as those parties have informed their staff and vendors or other contractors of this ability, agree to abide by the terms of this Privacy Policy, keep the data confidential and secure, and to treat it only in accordance with the law and the purposes specified herein as well as our instructions, we will transfer the names and other relevant and/or reasonably justified information of any of staff, visitors, vendors, etc.
who have access to their office space.
9.
Third party links                             We may include or offer third party products or services on our Platform.
These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked Platforms.
Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these sites.
10.
Legal age                             Our Services are not intended for children under 18 and we do not knowingly collect personal data from anyone under 18 or legal age in their country of residence.
If we become aware that a person under 18 has provided us with personal data, we will delete it immediately.
If you are under 18 then, by agreeing to this Privacy Policy, you acknowledge and agree that your guardian has read and consented to its terms on your behalf.
If we seek your consent to process your information for a specific purpose in accordance with this Privacy Policy, consent must be granted on your behalf by your guardian.
11.
Your rights                             You have the following legal rights regarding your Personal Data depending on how we interact with you.
-	Right to request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”).
This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
-	Right to request correction of any of the data we have about you.
This enables you to have any incomplete, inaccurate, outdated or misleading data which we hold about you, or data which processing does not correspond with the declared purpose or which processing is prohibited, corrected completed, updated or deleted, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
-	Right to object to the processing of your personal data at any time.
Such objection is to be made for legitimate reasons.
This does not affect the legality of any processing we have already carried out based on the consent given previously or to comply with the applicable law.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights).
However, we may charge a reasonable fee for the cost of the provision of a copy of the data or if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.
Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month.
It may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made several requests.
In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us by email to.
.
12.
Communication and marketing                             We will communicate with you by email or in Platform notification in connection with our Services to confirm your registration, and for other transactional messages.
As it is imperative for us to provide you such transactional messages you may not be able to opt-out of such messages.
You may receive marketing communications from us if you.
-	have requested such information from us.
-	use our Platform or Services.
13.
Changes to our Privacy Policy                             Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on  Terms & condiftions and where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
If you have any questions about your Personal Data or this Privacy Policy, or if you would like to make a complaint about how we process your personal data, please contact us by email to.
.
My account.
Subscriptions.
Credits.
Logout.
