EN.
Search.
EN.
PRODUCT SEARCH.
Language.
Privacy Policy.
APLEX respects your right to privacy.
Below, we tell you in detail how we use and store all of your personal and web-use data but, in summary, any personal information you give us is safe and confidential.
we store all of your information on a secure server and do not sell your information to outside organizations.
Our goal in gathering information is to consistently improve our relationship with you.
Your personal details.
Your privacy is important to us.
We do not sell your information to outside organizations.
We treat all of your personal information as confidential and keep it on a secure server.
When we may use your personal details.
To provide you with the best possible service, we'd like to keep you up-to-date with a range of products and services provided by APLEX.
This may include news of special events, promotions, product launches and catalogues.
Purpose of Use.
When you do provide us with personal data, we usually use it to respond to your inquiry, process your order or provide you access to specific information or offers.
Also, to support our customer relationship with you.
we may store and process personal data and share it with our worldwide affiliates and partners to better understand your business needs and how we can improve our products and services.
or we (or a third party on our behalf) may use personal data to contact you about an APLEX offer in support of your business needs or to conduct online surveys to understand better our customers' needs.
If you choose not to have your personal data used to support our customer relationship (especially direct marketing or market research), we will respect your choice.
We do not sell or market your personal data to third parties, except to APLEX's affiliates and partners.
Using this website and your personal details.
You do not have to provide any information to us to use this website.
However, certain sections of the site or facilities within the site may not be accessible if you choose not to share essential information with us.
When you visit APLEX Web sites and register for the subscription service, we will ask you to submit personal information, including.
your name, email address and contact information.
We may collect information about your internet connection and website-use, e.
g.
the URL you came from, IP address, domain type, browser type, the country and telephone code where your computer is located, the web pages viewed during your visit and any search terms you entered on our website.
We may collect this information from registered and unregistered users.
We use this information to help us make improvements to our website and online services.
Any personal information you provide to us (or which is available on public registers) and any User Information from which we identify you is used for the following purposes only.
• For statistical purposes to improve this website and the services we offer.
• to provide you with relevant content.
• to administer this website.
If you have registered to receive notification of new content that may be of interest to you, then we may use your personal information to send you these notifications by email.
Your personal information may be disclosed to other businesses within APLEX and to reputable third-parties who will help process your request.
APLEX requires all such third-parties to treat your personal information as confidential at any given time.
We may access or process your personal data on a global basis as necessary for the purposes for which such access or process is granted.
To the extent such global processing involves a transfer of personal information to our affiliates or third parties located outside the EEA that have not received a binding adequacy decision by the European Commission, such transfers are subject to (i) EU standard contractual clauses.
or (ii) other binding and appropriate transfer mechanisms that provide an adequate level of protection in compliance with GDPR, such as approved binding corporate rules.
Purpose Limitation.
APLEX will collect, use or disclose personal data supplied by you online only for the purposes disclosed to you, unless the disclosure.
• is a use of the personal data for any additional purpose that is directly related to the original purpose for which the personal data was collected,.
• is a use of the personal data for any additional purpose that is directly related to the original purpose for which the personal data was collected.
• is necessary to prepare, negotiate and perform a contract with you.
• is necessary to establish or preserve a legal claim or defense.
/p>.
• is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activities, such as willful attacks on APLEX IT systems.
Our legal basis to process personal data includes processing that is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and APLEX, necessary to comply with legal requirements, necessary for our or a third party’s legitimate interests, and based on your consent which may subsequently be withdrawn at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
How we collect User Information using cookies.
On APLEX Web sites, cookies record information about your online preferences.
Cookies help us to provide a more personalized online service to you and our cookies do not store any sensitive or confidential information.
You can set your computer/mobile phone/other device to accept all cookies, notify you when a cookie is issued, or not receive cookies at any time.
Please bear in mind that certain personalized features of this website cannot be provided to you without the use of cookies.
Each browser is different so check the 'Help' menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences if you wish to do so.
Cookie and Similar Technologies.
APLEX uses cookies on our websites to create the most effective website possible for you, as explained in more detail below.
What are Cookies.
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit our websites.
This allows us to store or retrieve information about you, your preferences or your device and to ensure the website performs as you expect it to.
We may also use web beacons or similar technologies on our websites to enable us to know whether you came to our websites from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, measure the success of email marketing campaigns, and improve our website performance.
How do we use Cookies.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
are required to operate our websites and cannot be switched off.
We may use them to prevent fraudulent activity, to improve security, for system administration and to allow you to make use of shopping-cart functionality.
Without these, the website will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like it to and we may not be able to provide the website or certain services or features.
Performance Cookies.
collect data for statistical purposes on how you and other users use this website and its features.
They are used to generate aggregated, anonymous information and allow us to see the overall patterns of usage on the Site, rather than the usage of a single person.
We use these cookies to improve the performance of our websites, advertisements and email communications.
Functional Cookies.
allow users to customize how the website looks for them.
These cookies remember your preferences and setting and ensure that the information displayed on your next visit to our websites will match up with your user preferences.
Third Party Cookies.
Your use of our websites may result in some cookies being stored that are not controlled by APLEX.
This may occur when the website you are visiting makes use of a third party analytics or marketing automation tool or includes content displayed from a third party website.
We do not control the storage of these cookies and you should refer to the privacy policies of the relevant third party for more information.
How long do Cookies Last.
Cookies last for different lengths of time depending on what they are used for.
Session cookies.
are only stored until you leave the website or close web browser.
Persistent cookies.
remain on your computer until you delete them or they expire.
The length of time a persistent Cookie stays on your device varies from Cookie to Cookie.
How Do I Manage Cookies.
There are several options for managing, disabling and deleting cookies.
Change your browser settings.
It is also possible to stop your browser from accepting cookies altogether by changing your browser’s cookie settings.
These cookie settings are usually found in the “options” or “preferences” menu of your internet browser.
In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful.
Otherwise you should use the “Help” option in your internet browser for more details.
• Internet Explorer Cookie setup.
• Firefox Cookie setup.
• Chrome Cookie setup.
• Safari Cookie setup.
Useful links.
If you'd like to learn more about cookies in general or how to opt out of them, visit the All About Cookies  site, or if you’re located in the European Union, visit theYour Online Choices  site.
Please be aware that if you choose not to receive our cookies, we cannot guarantee that your experience will be as fulfilling as it would otherwise be.
Links to Other Web Sites.
APLEX Web sites contain links to other Web sites.
APLEX is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other Web sites.
Retention Period.
We retain personal data for the period necessary to respond to your requests, as needed to comply with legal obligations, and to otherwise fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Retention periods can vary significantly based on the type of information and how it is used.
When assessing these periods we carefully examine our need to collect personal information and if we establish a relevant need we only retain it for the shortest possible period unless a longer retention period is required by law.
Following the expiration of the retention period, electronic records are permanently erased so as to ensure that they cannot be restored and physical records are destroyed in a manner where they cannot be reproduced.
Exercising Your Rights.
You have a legal right to obtain a copy of your personal data free of charge, and the right to correct or update your personal data, or to request deletion of your personal data.
You can also object to processing of your personal data, ask us to restrict processing of your personal data or request portability of your personal data.
Under the laws of some jurisdictions, we may decline your requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or are extremely impractical.
If you request a change to or deletion of your personal data, please note that some of your information may remain within our systems and other records where necessary for compliance with applicable law.
Changes to the Policy.
We may update this Policy from time to time.
If we make significant changes we will revise this Policy to reflect such changes.
We encourage you to periodically review this Policy to be informed of the most updated version.
Contacting Us.
If you would like to exercise your rights or have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, our collection and use of your data or a possible breach of privacy laws, you can write to us at the appropriate address below including your name, email address and purpose of the request.
APLEX TECHNOLOGY INC.
15F-1 No.
186, Jian Yi Road,Zhonghe Dist.
, New Taipei City, 235 Taiwan.
Tel.
+886 (2) 8226-8221.
Fax.
+886 (2) 8226-2883.
If we are unable to resolve your concerns, you have the right to contact a data privacy supervisory authority in the country where you live or work, or where you consider that the data protection rules have been breached.
The name and contact details of the Data Protection Authorities in the European Union can be found.
here .
By continuing browsing the website, you accept that aplex.
com can use cookies to collect, retain, and use the information about you unless otherwise requested by you.
For more information, you may take a look at our Privacy and Cookies Policy.
