HOME.
RESOURCESBLOGEVENTS & NEWSVIDEOSWHITEPAPERS.
BLOG.
EVENTS & NEWS.
VIDEOS.
WHITEPAPERS.
DEVZONE.
CONTACT.
LOGIN.
SIGN UP.
Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy aims to determine the terms and conditions with respect to the use of the information and data of the Users.
Privacy Policy is an annex to and an integral part of the Terms of Use and capitalised expressions herein shall have the same meaning as defined in the Terms of Use.
This privacy policy governs your use of a software application (“Application”) and the web site ( that was created by ARDIC.
User Provided Information – The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and register the Application.
Registration with us is optional.
However, please keep in mind that you may not be able to use some of the features offered by the Application unless you register with us.
When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide (a) your email address (b) transaction-related information such as when you download or use applications from us.
(c) information you provide us when you contact us for help.
We may also use the information you provided us to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
Automatically Collected Information – In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
ARDIC shall not disclose the data (contact information, location information etc.
) submitted electronically by the Users via the Website and/or Application or obtained by ARDIC during the use of the Application, to third parties, excepting its employees, subcontractors and affiliates who are required to know the information for the purposes and scope stated in Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy.
Such data may be used, other than the conditions stated in the Terms of Use, for the purposes of contacting with the User or enhancing User experience in the Website and Application (upgrading available services, creating new services and providing customised services, etc.
) as well as for the purposes of carrying out statistical evaluations, building databases and market research, without disclosing the User’s identity.
Said data may be processed, retained and transferred to third parties with the aim of direct marketing by ARDIC and its partners, as well as for sending notifications to the e-mail address registered in the Application or other contact information provided by the User, in relation to the promotion of ARDIC products and services.
ARDIC may also disclose the information concerning the User to third parties in the event that.
• Such disclosure is obligatory so as to fulfil any obligations under the Terms of Use.
• A competent administrative or judicial authority requires information regarding the Users for the execution of a research or investigation in accordance with the applicable legislation.
• Providing information is necessary for the protection of Users’ rights or security.
ARDIC shall identify the IP addresses of Users and shall use these IP addresses where necessary, in order to define system based problems and immediately resolve problems that may arise in the Website and Application.
IP addresses may also be used for describing the Users generally, and for collecting comprehensive demographic information.
ARDIC shall be entitled to transfer the data, for above mentioned purposes, to the servers (such servers may belong to ARDIC, its affiliations or subcontractors) anywhere in the world, rather than the User’s country of residence.
Providing links from the Website or Application to other websites or applications is possible and ARDIC shall not be responsible for the confidentiality practices and contents of such websites and applications.
ARDIC may revise the provisions of this Privacy Policy at its sole discretion.
Revised provisions of the Privacy Policy shall become effective immediately upon their publication on the Website.
Overview.
Home.
Resources                                                    Blog                                                            Events & News                                                            Videos                                                            Whitepapers.
Blog.
Events & News.
Videos.
Whitepapers.
Contact.
Devzone.
Get Started.
Sample Projects.
API Documentation.
Knowledge Base.
Social Networks.
About Us.
IoT-Ignite® is an open IoT platform.
Companies of any size can utilize IoT-Ignite to design, develop and deploy their own IoT services and rapidly start monetization.
Today, IoT-Ignite enables services for a wide range of vertical market segments including retail, mobile services, agriculture, education, and energy.
The opportunities to extend services to health care, manufacturing and mobility are wide open.
ARDIC brings a paradigm shift to IoT.
Privacy Policy.
Terms of Use.
© Copyright 2021, Powered by ARDIC Technology | All rights reserved.
