language English (EN).
Français.
Español.
Deutsch.
Português(Brasil).
About the IAPP.
Enterprise Services.
Contact.
Calendar.
MyIAPP.
search.
News.
Connect.
Train.
Certify.
Resources.
Conferences.
Join.
StoreStore.
shopping_cart{[ getCartTotalItems() ]}.
Main Menuclose.
Back to the News Menutouch_app.
Shopping Cart		shopping_cart{[ getCartTotalItems() ]}.
English (EN)languageradio_button_checkedEnglishradio_button_uncheckedFrançaisradio_button_uncheckedEspañolradio_button_uncheckedDeutschradio_button_uncheckedPortuguês (Brasil).
English (EN)languageradio_button_checkedEnglishradio_button_uncheckedFrançaisradio_button_uncheckedEspañolradio_button_uncheckedDeutschradio_button_uncheckedPortuguês (Brasil).
radio_button_checkedEnglish.
radio_button_uncheckedFrançais.
radio_button_uncheckedEspañol.
radio_button_uncheckedDeutsch.
radio_button_uncheckedPortuguês (Brasil).
Homehome.
News.
Connectgroup.
Trainschool.
Certify.
Resourcesassessment.
Conferencesevent.
Joinperson_add.
Storestore.
MyIAPPperson_outline.
About the IAPPinfo_outline.
Enterprise Servicesdomain.
Contactsend.
Calendarcalendar_today.
News Menuclose.
Open the Main Menutouch_app.
Shopping Cart				shopping_cart{[ getCartTotalItems() ]}.
radio_button_unchecked News Feed.
radio_button_unchecked Daily Dashboard.
radio_button_unchecked Videos.
radio_button_unchecked Privacy Perspectives.
radio_button_unchecked The Privacy Advisor.
radio_button_unchecked The Privacy Advisor Podcast.
radio_button_unchecked Privacy Tracker.
radio_button_unchecked Privacy Tech.
radio_button_unchecked DPO Confessional.
radio_button_unchecked Canada Dashboard Digest.
radio_button_unchecked Asia-Pacific Dashboard Digest.
radio_button_unchecked Latin America Dashboard Digest.
radio_button_unchecked Europe Data Protection Digest.
radio_button_unchecked U.
S.
Privacy Digest.
radio_button_unchecked IAPP Westin Research Center.
radio_button_unchecked Books.
radio_button_unchecked Web Conferences.
radio_button_unchecked Advertise.
radio_button_unchecked About IAPP Publications.
The day’s top stories from around the world.
Where the real conversations in privacy happen.
Original reporting and feature articles on the latest privacy developments.
Alerts and legal analysis of legislative trends.
Exploring the technology of privacy.
A roundup of the top Canadian privacy news.
A roundup of the top European data protection news.
A roundup of the top privacy news from the Asia-Pacific region.
A roundup of the top privacy news from Latin America.
A roundup of US privacy news.
Talk privacy and network with local members at IAPP KnowledgeNet Chapter meetings, taking place worldwide.
Connect with IAPP members around the globe without ever leaving your home.
Find a Virtual Networking event today.
Have ideas.
Need advice.
Subscribe to the Privacy List.
It’s crowdsourcing, with an exceptional crowd.
Looking for a new challenge, or need to hire your next privacy pro.
The IAPP Job Board is the answer.
Locate and network with fellow privacy professionals using this peer-to-peer directory.
Review a filterable list of conferences, KnowledgeNets, LinkedIn Live broadcasts, networking events, web conferences and more.
Understand Europe’s framework of laws, regulations and policies, most significantly the GDPR.
Steer a course through the interconnected web of federal and state laws governing U.
S.
data privacy.
Learn the intricacies of Canada’s distinctive federal/provincial/territorial data privacy governance systems.
Develop the skills to design, build and operate a comprehensive data protection program.
Add to your tech knowledge with deep training in privacy-enhancing technologies and how to deploy them.
Gain the knowledge needed to address the widest-reaching consumer information privacy law in the U.
S.
Learn the legal, operational and compliance requirements of the EU regulation and its global influence.
Meet the stringent requirements to earn this American Bar Association-certified designation.
The global standard for the go-to person for privacy laws, regulations and frameworks.
The first and only privacy certification for professionals who manage day-to-day operations.
As technology professionals take on greater privacy responsibilities, our updated certification is keeping pace with 50% new content covering the latest developments.
Recognizing the advanced knowledge and issue-spotting skills a privacy pro must attain in today’s complex world of data privacy.
The first title to verify you meet stringent requirements for knowledge, skill, proficiency and ethics in privacy law, and one of the ABA’s newest accredited specialties.
The IAPP’S CIPP/E and CIPM are the ANSI/ISO-accredited, industry-recognized combination for GDPR readiness.
Learn more today.
Mostre seus conhecimentos na gestão do programa de privacidade e na legislação brasileira sobre privacidade.
Certification des compétences du DPO fondée sur la législation et règlementation française et européenne, agréée par la CNIL.
Use the Vendor Demo Center, Privacy Vendor List and Privacy Tech Vendor Report to easily identify privacy products and services to support your work.
On this topic page, you can find the IAPP’s collection of coverage, analysis and resources related to international data transfers.
The IAPP’s US State Privacy Legislation Tracker consists of proposed and enacted comprehensive state privacy bills from across the U.
S.
This tracker organizes the privacy-related bills proposed in Congress to keep our members informed of developments within the federal privacy landscape.
Access all reports and surveys published by the IAPP.
Access all white papers published by the IAPP.
IAPP members can get up-to-date information here on the California Consumer Privacy Act and the California Privacy Rights Act.
The IAPP's EU General Data Protection Regulation page collects the guidance, analysis, tools and resources you need to make sure you're meeting your obligations.
This chart maps several comprehensive data protection laws to assist our members in understanding how data protection is being approached around the world.
This interactive tool provides IAPP members access to critical GDPR resources — all in one location.
See top experts discuss the critical privacy issues and regulations impacting businesses across Asia.
Join DACH-region data protection professionals for practical discussions of issues and solutions.
Presented in German and English.
P.
S.
R.
2022 is the place for speakers, workshops and networking focused on the intersection of privacy and technology.
Europe’s top experts predict the evolving landscape and give insights into best practices for your privacy programme.
Gain exclusive insights about the ever-changing data privacy landscape in ANZ and beyond.
Join data protection professionals from across the Netherlands and Europe for concentrated learning, sharing and networking.
View our open calls and submission instructions.
Increase visibility for your organization — check out sponsorship opportunities today.
Review upcoming IAPP conferences to see which need to be included in your schedule for the year ahead.
Find answers to your privacy questions from keynote speakers and panellists who are experts in Canadian data protection.
Start taking advantage of the many IAPP member benefits today.
See our list of high-profile corporate members—and find out why you should become one, too.
Don’t miss out for a minute—continue accessing your benefits.
Review current member benefits available to Australia and New Zealand members.
Privacy Perspectives|Scalia’s privacy impact will be felt for years to come																								Related reading.
Visceral data.
After heartbreak, IoT devices give us 'something to show'.
Scalia’s privacy impact will be felt for years to come.
print.
print.
One would think privacy was a concept that Justice Antonin Scalia disliked.
After all, how could a textualist, who firmly believed in lawyers’ obligation to follow the text, respect a concept as nebulous and blurry edged as privacy.
A concept whose very meaning continues to befuddle lawyers, political philosophers and social scientists more than a century after it was introduced into legal jargon by Louis Brandeis, another Supreme Court giant to come.
How could an originalist who ordered judges to respect the original meaning of the Constitution embrace a right not mentioned once in the revered text, but rather introduced into American constitutional law through creative judicial interpretation identifying “penumbras of privacy” in the constitutional text.
And yet Justice Scalia, as his close friend and frequent disputant on the bench, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, said, was “one of the most pro-Fourth Amendment judges on the court.
”.
In a way, Justice Scalia’s stance towards privacy encapsulates the prevailing approach of the American legal system.
suspicion of government surveillance coupled with tolerance for corporate data practices.
This tolerance may itself be the result of misgivings about government regulation.
In some of his most important Fourth Amendment decisions, Scalia sided with the liberal justices of a split court, delivering opinions that curtailed government power, particularly in light of newly introduced intrusive technological breakthroughs.
In Kyllo v.
United States, Scalia, writing for a 5-4 majority, which included three of the most liberal justices on the court (as well as his conservative colleague Justice Thomas), ordered the police to get a warrant before performing thermal imaging of a suspect’s home.
In doing so, he rejected the government’s argument that individuals had no expectation of privacy outside the confines of their homes.
A machine that sees through walls, reasoned Scalia, in order to capture the heat emanating from lamps used to grow marijuana, infringes upon individuals’ reasonable expectation of privacy, even when law enforcement is positioned outside the house.
The Kyllo rationale is crucial to establishing individuals’ rights in an age where even the most inconceivable technological breakthroughs become a reality in the blink of an eye, threatening society with a slippery slope of surveillance pervading every aspect of our daily lives.
In United States v.
Jones, probably the most important Fourth Amendment case since the 1967 decision in Katz v.
United States, Scalia, writing for the majority, required the police to obtain a warrant prior to attaching a GPS tracker to a suspect’s car.
While basing his opinion on narrow property grounds, Scalia rejected the government’s claim that individuals had no expectation of privacy while driving in broad daylight on city streets.
Besides its erosion of the third-party doctrine, based on the opinion of a plurality of concurring justices, Jones sets an important precedent for the concept of privacy in public, a notion once viewed as paradoxical but now increasingly essential in public spaces monitored by ubiquitous cameras, phones and Internet of Things devices.
In Florida v.
Jardines, Scalia, again writing a 5-4 decision supported by three liberal justices and Justice Thomas, held that police use of a trained detection dog to sniff for narcotics on the front porch of a private home was, indeed, a search within the meaning of the Fourth Amendment.
The consequences of Jardines, as well as other dog sniffing cases, are far broader than for just narcotics searches.
They implicate suspicion-less searches by other mechanized sniffers – for example, think about keyword searches of communications contents and metadata for cybersecurity or intelligence purposes.
While upholding suspects’ Fourth Amendment rights, however, Justice Scalia viewed with disdain the commotion around consumer privacy, particularly online.
In one well-publicized exchange, he sparred with Fordham Professor Joel Reidenberg around the importance of informational privacy.
The kerfuffle started when Reidenberg attended a conference in which Scalia dismissed online privacy as overblown, quipping, “Every single datum about my life is private.
That’s silly.
” Reidenberg reacted by assigning his information privacy class a provocative assignment, to create a digital dossier about Scalia from what could be found via publicly available sources on the web.
Perhaps not practicing what he had preached, Scalia fumed when he discovered the 15-page dossier of his personal data, which included his home address and phone number, his wife’s personal e-mail address and the TV shows and food he prefers.
“It is not a rare phenomenon that what is legal may also be quite irresponsible,” Scalia seethed.
“Reidenberg’s exercise is an example of perfectly legal, abominably poor judgment.
”.
Regardless of political opinion, few will dispute Scalia’s presence as a towering intellectual force on the bench.
His writing style was commanding, frequently acerbic and always colorful.
In Kyllo, for example, he wrote that the government’s thermal imaging device, “The Agema Thermovision 210, might disclose, for example, at what hour each night the lady of the house takes her daily sauna and bath — a detail that many would consider ‘intimate’.
” In Jardines, he summarily dismissed the government’s arguments about houseguest etiquette, which included deploying a canine sniff on the front porch of a home.
He writes, “This implicit license typically permits the visitor to approach the home by the front path, knock promptly, wait briefly to be received, and then (absent invitation to linger longer) leave.
Complying with the terms of that traditional invitation does not require fine-grained legal knowledge.
it is generally managed without incident by the Nation's Girl Scouts and trick-or-treaters.
”.
Privacy is a complex legal right and social construct, which transcends traditional political divisions and can enable policymakers to reach across the aisle.
Justice Scalia’s legacy in this space, while complicated, has left a mark for years to come.
Author.
print.
Tags.
Comments.
If you want to comment on this post, you need to login.
Related Stories.
Visceral data.
After heartbreak, IoT devices give us 'something to show'.
President Obama embraces the privacy profession.
Super Bowl 50 and the surveillance state.
Algorithmic transparency.
Examining from within and without.
How your legal background may work against you.
Related Storieslibrary_booksVisceral data.
After heartbreak, IoT devices give us 'something to show'library_booksPresident Obama embraces the privacy professionlibrary_booksSuper Bowl 50 and the surveillance statelibrary_booksAlgorithmic transparency.
Examining from within and withoutlibrary_booksHow your legal background may work against you.
library_booksVisceral data.
After heartbreak, IoT devices give us 'something to show'.
library_booksPresident Obama embraces the privacy profession.
library_booksSuper Bowl 50 and the surveillance state.
library_booksAlgorithmic transparency.
Examining from within and without.
library_booksHow your legal background may work against you.
Tags.
Recent Comments.
comment							Distilling the essence of the American Data Privacy and Protection Act discussion draft						2.
comment							Running a privacy law-compliant inclusion and diversity data collection program globally						2.
comment							Tim Hortons app investigation highlights ‘urgent need’ for ‘stronger privacy laws’						1.
comment							Roundup.
EU, UK, US and more						0.
About.
The IAPP is the largest and most comprehensive global information privacy community and resource.
Founded in 2000, the IAPP is a not-for-profit organization that helps define, promote and improve the privacy profession globally.
What is Privacy.
Corporate Members.
Board of Directors.
Advisory Boards.
IAPP Staff.
Locations.
Become a member.
The IAPP is the only place you’ll find a comprehensive body of resources, knowledge and experts to help you navigate the complex landscape of today’s data-driven world.
We offer individual, corporate and group memberships, and all members have access to an extensive array of benefits.
© 2022 International Association of Privacy Professionals.
All rights reserved.
Pease International Tradeport, 75 Rochester Ave.
Portsmouth, NH 03801 USA • +1 603.
427.
9200.
Contact Us.
Press.
Advertise.
Privacy Notice.
Cookie Notice.
Conditions of Use.
Refund Policy.
Cookie Settings.
language English (EN).
Français.
Español.
Deutsch.
Português(Brasil).
