HOME.
HOME.
PRODUCTS & SERVICESAT.
Things IoT Platform ServiceHealth & Wellness SolutionSmart Patient Engagement PlatformLifecare.
PRODUCTS & SERVICES.
AT.
Things IoT Platform Service.
Health & Wellness Solution.
Smart Patient Engagement Platform.
Lifecare.
ABOUTOur HistoryAwards.
ABOUT.
Our History.
Awards.
CONTACT.
CONTACT.
More.
More.
PRIVACY POLICY.
In this policy, “we”, “us”, “our”, “Astralink Technology” , “Things.
Services” or “LifeCare” means Astralink Technology Private Limited and “You”, “Clients”, “Seniors”, “Next-of-kin”, “Relatives”, “Caregivers”, “Users” or “Your” means the persons to whom this policy applies and “Site” means  and things.
services.
The security of your personal data is important to us.
We have in place safeguards to protect the personal data stored with us.
This policy describes how we may collect, use, disclose, process and manage your personal data.
This policy applies to any individual’s personal data which is in our possession or under our control.
In the event of any inconsistency between different versions of this policy, the English version shall prevail.
What Personal Data We Collect.
“Personal data” is data that can be used to identify a natural person.
Some examples of personal data that we may collect are.
personal particulars (e.
g.
profile name, year of birth, gender, contact number, profile pictures and city of residence).
personal particulars (e.
g.
profile name, year of birth, gender, contact number, profile pictures and city of residence).
Usage of Your Personal Data.
We may use your personal data for our core business purposes, such as.
Smart Elderly Monitoring and Alerting SystemHome Energy Management SystemVital Signs Monitoring System.
We may use your personal data for our core business purposes, such as.
Smart Elderly Monitoring and Alerting System.
Smart Elderly Monitoring and Alerting System.
Home Energy Management System.
Home Energy Management System.
Vital Signs Monitoring System.
Vital Signs Monitoring System.
Statistical Analysis on the systems mentioned above for improving our products, services, security, service quality and advertising strategies.
Statistical Analysis on the systems mentioned above for improving our products, services, security, service quality and advertising strategies.
Communicating with you, including providing you with updates on changes to products and services, including any additions, expansions, suspensions and replacements of or to such products and services and their terms and conditions.
Communicating with you, including providing you with updates on changes to products and services, including any additions, expansions, suspensions and replacements of or to such products and services and their terms and conditions.
Managing our infrastructure and business operations and complying with internal policies and procedures.
Managing our infrastructure and business operations and complying with internal policies and procedures.
Responding to queries or feedback.
Responding to queries or feedback.
Addressing or investigating any complaints, claims or disputes.
Addressing or investigating any complaints, claims or disputes.
Verifying your identity for the purposes of providing products or services.
Verifying your identity for the purposes of providing products or services.
Seeking professional advice, including legal advice.
Seeking professional advice, including legal advice.
We may also use personal data for purposes set out in the terms and conditions that govern our relationship with you or our customer.
We may also use personal data for purposes set out in the terms and conditions that govern our relationship with you or our customer.
Use of Personal Data for Marketing Purposes.
We may use your personal data to offer you products or services, including special offers, promotions, contests or entitlements that may be of interest to you or for which you may be eligible.
Such marketing messages may be sent to you in various modes including but not limited to electronic mail, direct mailers, short message service, telephone calls, facsimile and other mobile messaging services.
In doing so, we will comply with the Personal Data Protection Act of Singapore (PDPA) and other applicable data protection and privacy laws.
In respect of sending telemarketing messages to your Singapore telephone number via short message service, telephone calls, facsimile and other mobile messaging services, please be assured that we shall only do so if we have your clear and unambiguous consent in writing or other recorded form to do so or if you have not otherwise made the appropriate registration of that number with the Do Not Call Registry.
If we have an ongoing relationship with you and you have not indicated to us that you do not wish to receive telemarketing messages sent to your Singapore telephone number, we may send you telemarketing messages to that number related to the subject of our ongoing relationship via short message service, facsimile and other mobile messaging services (other than a voice or video call).
You may at any time request that we stop contacting you for marketing purposes via selected or all modes.
To find out more on how you can change the way we use your personal data for marketing purposes, please contact us (please see the “How to contact us” section below).
Nothing in this section shall vary or supercede the terms and conditions that govern our relationship with you.
We wish to emphasise that we does not sell personal data to any third parties and we shall remain fully compliant of any duty or obligation of confidentiality imposed on us under the applicable agreement(s) and/or terms and conditions that govern our relationship with you or our customer or any applicable law.
Cookies and Related Technologies.
Our web sites and mobile applications (“apps” or an “app”) use cookies.
A cookie is a small text file placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a web site or use an app.
Cookies collect information about users and their visit to the web site or use of the app, such as their Internet protocol (IP) address, how they arrived at the web site (for example, through a search engine or a link from another web site) and how they navigate within the web site or app.
We use cookies and other technologies to facilitate your internet sessions and use of our apps, offer you products and/or services according to your preferred settings, track use of our web sites and apps and to compile statistics about activities carried out on our web sites and/or through our apps.
You may set up your web browser to block cookies which will disable the monitoring your web site visit.
You may also remove cookies stored from your computer or mobile device.
However, if you do block cookies, you may not be able to use certain features and functions of our web sites.
Other Web Sites.
Our web sites may contain links to other web sites which are not maintained by us.
This privacy policy only applies to the sites.
When visiting these third party web sites, you should read their privacy policies which will apply to your use of the web sites.
Retention of Personal Data.
Your personal data is retained as long as the purpose for which it was collected remains and until it is no longer necessary for any other legal or business purposes.
Access and Correction.
You may request access or make corrections to your personal data held by us.
We may charge a fee for processing your request for access.
Such a fee depends on the nature and complexity of your access request.
Information on the processing fee will be made available to you.
Please contact us (please see the “How to contact us” section below) for details on how you may request such access or corrections.
How to Contact Us.
To contact us on any aspect of this policy or your personal data or to provide any feedback that you may have, you may contact us through.
Email – .
Email – .
Phone – +65 66346722.
Phone – +65 66346722.
Visit us – 8 Ubi Road 2, #05-12, Singapore 408538.
Visit us – 8 Ubi Road 2, #05-12, Singapore 408538.
Amendments and Updates of Privacy Policy.
We may amend this policy from time to time to ensure that this policy is consistent with any developments to the way we uses your personal data or any changes to the laws and regulations applicable to us.
We will make available the updated policy on our web site ( All communications, transactions and dealings with us shall be subject to the latest version of this policy in force at the time.
Last edited on 31 January 2016.
Need more details.
Contact us.
We are here to assist.
Contact us by phone, email or via our Social Media channels.
COMPANY.
PRODUCTS & SERVICES.
LEGAL.
CONNECT WITH US.
© 2020  Astralink Technology.
