TechnologyChart ReviewConstellationeMeasureMonitorNLP InsightsPatents.
Chart Review.
Constellation.
eMeasure.
Monitor.
NLP Insights.
Patents.
SolutionsYear Round Prospective HEDIS®Surveillance & InterventionReducing Provider AbrasionData Strategy.
Year Round Prospective HEDIS®.
Surveillance & Intervention.
Reducing Provider Abrasion.
Data Strategy.
ResourcesQuiz.
Journey to Prospective HEDISROI Case Study.
UPMC Health PlanBlogNews.
Quiz.
Journey to Prospective HEDIS.
ROI Case Study.
UPMC Health Plan.
Blog.
News.
About AstrataTeam AstrataWorking at AstrataCareers at AstrataOur PartnersContact Us.
Team Astrata.
Working at Astrata.
Careers at Astrata.
Our Partners.
Contact Us.
Privacy Policy.
Our Use of “Cookies”.
As you browse Astrata’s websites and apps, “cookies” may be placed on your computer so that we can understand your interests and enhance your experience.
Cookies do not collect information about you.
Rather, a cookie may contain limited information, such as the type of browser you are using, your general location, your device’s IP address, the date and time of your visit, your web domain type, and your activity on our website.
None of this information in any form or combination will be traced back to you by Astrata.
Astrata websites also may use cookies as a security measure to help provide you with a secure online experience.
Most browsers allow you to delete, block, or otherwise restrict cookies on your computer.
However, this may affect your ability to use Astrata websites and apps.
Astrata may share cookie information with our advertising and marketing partners so that we can present you with relevant advertising on other sites or with marketing information based on your previous interaction with our websites and apps.
Our advertising partners, as members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”), may have their own privacy policies.
To remove yourself from some or all NAI member advertising programs, please visit the NAI Opt-Out Page ( and follow the instructions.
Please note that if you delete, block, or otherwise restrict cookies on your computer, or if you use a different computer or internet browser to access Astrata websites in the future, you may need to renew your NAI opt-out choice.
As you browse Astrata websites and apps, your IP address and/or http requests (URLs) may be used to gather navigation and usage patterns across various browsers and devices.
The purpose of such tracking is to help Astrata understand how its website(s)/app(s) are being accessed and to enhance usability.
These IP addresses and http requests (URLs) are not used to trace back and re-identify specific users.
Security.
We maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security measures intended to protect against loss, misuse, or improper access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction of personal information.
While we use reasonable measures to secure our websites and apps, you should take appropriate precautions to protect personal and confidential information, and to use your devices/apps in a secure and responsible manner.
Astrata is not responsible for the security of your devices, and expects that you will configure them in a secure and responsible manner.
We will provide a secure transmission method for you to send us your personal information.
While such secure transmission methods provide reasonable protections against unauthorized access, if you have concerns regarding the transmission of sensitive information, you should consider using nonelectronic communication methods or not submitting your information at all.
Astrata cannot guarantee that any information you submit to Astrata is secure, nor can we guarantee the performance or adequacy of any security measure we use.
Children’s Privacy.
Astrata is committed to protecting the privacy of children.
Astrata’s websites and apps are not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 13.
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under 13 years of age, and no part of our websites are directed to children under the age of 13.
If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may alert us using our contact form.
If we learn that we have collected any personal information from children under 13 years old, we will promptly take steps to delete such information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time at Astrata’s sole discretion.
Any changes made are effective upon posting.
It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy each time you access an Astrata website or app, because you will be bound by any changes made.
Questions.
If you have questions about our privacy practices, you may contact us.
Effective Date.
The effective date of this Privacy Policy is March 10, 2021.
ASTRATA, INC.
Baltimore, MD.
Houston, TX.
Jersey City, NJ.
Kansas City, MO.
Pittsburgh, PA  ✧.
Toronto, Canada.
PRODUCTS & SERVICES.
Chart Review.
Constellation.
eMeasure.
Monitor.
NLP Insights.
CONTACT.
Follow us.
Privacy Policy.
Copyright © 2020-2022 Astrata, Inc.
Privacy Overview.
