N'apparaît pas sur le front-end.
English.
Français.
Managed Security Services.
Protect your critical data, monitor your environment for intrusions and respond to security incidents with 24/7 managed security services.
Managed Security Services.
Threat & Security Event Monitoring & Log Management.
Managed Vulnerability Assessment Program.
Risk Management.
Managed Security For PCI-DSS Compliance.
Cloud Security Monitoring (AWS/Azure/M365).
Endpoint Detection & Response.
Network Detection & Response.
Intrusion Detection Service.
Digital Forensics & Incidence Reponse.
File Integrity Management Monitoring.
DDoS Protection.
Threat Intelligence Service (Dark Web Monitoring).
Security Awareness Program.
Professional Services.
Interested in getting a quote.
Contact us today and find out how our professional cybersecurity services can help you protect your business, strengthen your security posture and meet compliance requirements.
Professional Services.
Technical TestingPenetration TestingCompromise AssessmentApplication Assessment (Web/Mobile/Code Review)PCI DSS Compliance.
Penetration Testing.
Compromise Assessment.
Application Assessment (Web/Mobile/Code Review).
PCI DSS Compliance.
Privacy ServicesDPO as a Service.
DPO as a Service.
Cloud Security Services.
Security By Design.
Incident Response Services.
Advisory ConsultingSecurity Architecture Maturity AssessmentSecurity Controls Assessment (ISO, NIST, CObIT, SANS)AMF.
Security Architecture Maturity Assessment.
Security Controls Assessment (ISO, NIST, CObIT, SANS).
AMF.
Incident Response Planning & HandlingDigital ForensicsIncident Response Planning & Handling.
Digital Forensics.
Incident Response Planning & Handling.
About us.
Hitachi Systems Security’s mission is to make the Internet a safer placefor all, to harness the full potential of connecting people and businesses together to build trusting relationships that can be the catalyst of worry-free collaboration and limitless innovation.
About us.
Swiss CybersecurityManaged Security Services for EuropeProfessional Services for EuropeContact us - European Offices.
Managed Security Services for Europe.
Professional Services for Europe.
Contact us - European Offices.
Blog.
Resources.
Videos.
Careers.
Partners.
Home.
Managed Security Services.
Professional Services.
European CybersecurityManaged Security Services for EuropeProfessional Services for EuropeContact us - European Offices.
Managed Security Services for Europe.
Professional Services for Europe.
Contact us - European Offices.
ResourcesAbout usPartnersBlogBrochuresVideosCareers.
About us.
Partners.
Blog.
Brochures.
Videos.
Careers.
Contact us.
Français.
Home.
Managed Security Services.
Professional Services.
European CybersecurityManaged Security Services for EuropeProfessional Services for EuropeContact us - European Offices.
Managed Security Services for Europe.
Professional Services for Europe.
Contact us - European Offices.
ResourcesAbout usPartnersBlogBrochuresVideosCareers.
About us.
Partners.
Blog.
Brochures.
Videos.
Careers.
Contact us.
Français.
Hitachi Security Systems Inc.
(hereinafter "we" or "us") and its subsidiaries take your privacy and the protection of your personal data very seriously.
SCOPE OF APPLICATION.
This policy applies to the processing of personal data related to users of the website .
OBJECTIVES.
The present Privacy and Personal Data Protection Policy (hereinafter the "Policy") aims to inform you of the way Hitachi Systems Security Inc.
processes your personal data collected through its website.
In order to offer you quality services, we need to have access to some of your personal data.
We make sure to manage your personal data with all the necessary discretion and rigor in accordance with the legal and regulatory requirements in force.
DEFINITION OF TERMS.
By "Personal Data" we mean any information relating to an identifiable natural person or that, individually or in combination with other data, allows an individual to be identified.
By "Data Subject" we mean an identifiable natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
By "Processing" we mean all operations relating to personal data, including but not limited to.
collection, use, disclosure, sharing, deletion, etc.
By "Purpose of processing" we mean the main purpose of the processing of personal data.
The data is collected for a well-defined and legitimate purpose and is not further processed in a way that is incompatible with this initial purpose.
By "Controller" we mean the natural or legal person that which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data.
By "Processor" we mean the natural or legal person that processes personal data on behalf of the controller, e.
g.
, in the course of providing a service or performance.
DETERMINATION AND LIMITATION OF THE PURPOSES FOR WHICH PERSONAL DATA ARE COLLECTED ON THE WEBSITE.
The personal data we collect on our website are processed for specific purposes, determined before collection.
These purposes are the following (non-exhaustive list).
Respond to your requests, for example when you contact us via the form provided in the Contact Us section of the website.
To send you communications from the company, following your subscription to the marketing mailing list.
Monitor the activity and measure the audience of the website.
Collect and analyse your job applications send through the Careers section of our website.
Hitachi Systems Security Inc.
strives to limit the collection of personal data to what is strictly necessary to accomplish the purposes for which they are collected.
Rest assured that we will not disclose or use your personal data for purposes other than those originally intended, unless justified by an applicable legal basis, such as obtaining your consent or as provided by law.
In addition, as you will see in the Security Measures for Personal Data section, we limit access to your personal data to those who have the need and responsibility to access it for such a specific purpose.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA.
For the purposes identified above, we need to collect your personal data as a Controller.
The categories of personal data we process are those you directly share with us.
Your contact information such as a name, postal address, email address or phone number.
Marketing and communication preference data such as comments, survey responses.
Technical data or any other data collected through cookies or other similar tools during a visit on our website.
Professional life data such as resumes, professional experiences or any other data relevant to a potential recruitment.
Use of cookies.
A cookie is a small data file created by your browser and placed on your computer when you visit a website or web page.
Cookies allow websites to remember certain information about you in order to facilitate your access and navigation of the Internet within our sites.
Cookies can only be read by the website that sends them to your computer.
We use cookies on our website to, among other things.
Save your settings and preferences.
Produce statistical compilations.
Analyze our performance.
Hitachi Systems Security Inc.
uses two types of cookies.
session cookies and persistent cookies.
Please note that the use of cookies only identifies you as a user and does not recognize you by name or address.
Deactivation of cookies.
It is possible to prevent the personalization features of our site by disabling cookies on your browser.
You can do this by changing the settings on your browser or mobile device.
However, if you choose to decline cookies, some pages or sections of our website may not display properly, or some features may not be available.
Google Analytics.
Hitachi Systems Security Inc.
uses Google Analytics in order to analyze the browsing behavior of visitors to its website.
This is a tool for analyzing the traffic and use of websites, which is provided by Google Inc.
(Google).
The data collected by Google Analytics is used to analyze the use of the Hitachi Systems Security Inc.
website and to produce statistical reports on visitor activities.
For more details about Google Analytics.
.
Use of reCAPTCHA in our website form.
We use the reCAPTCHA service from Google Inc.
(Google) to protect form entries on our website.
Google reCAPTCHA is used to check whether the personal data shared via our website (contact form) has been filled out by a human or by an automated program.
For more details, we invite you to visit the Google reCAPTCHA website and to read their privacy policy.
By using the reCAPTCHA service, you consent to the processing of your personal data by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out in their policies.
Links to sites.
It is important to understand that this Policy does not apply to other third-party websites that may be accessed through links on our website.
We are not responsible for these third-party websites, their content or access to them.
Therefore, any personal data you share through these sites is subject to the privacy policies of those sites.
It is your responsibility to read their privacy policies to ensure the protection of your personal data.
LICEITY OF PROCESSING (CONSENT).
As a general rule, Hitachi Systems Security Inc.
will obtain the personal data directly from you, with your consent, subject to exceptions provided by the applicable laws[1] such as a legal obligation, the existence of a contractual relationship or Hitachi Systems Security Inc.
’s legitimate interest.
Under the same conditions, we may also collect personal data from third parties as permitted by applicable laws, or if we have obtained your consent.
You have the right to refuse to provide us with personal data that is not required for identified processing activities.
You also have the right, subject to reasonable notice and applicable legal or contractual restrictions, to withdraw your consent to the use of personal data already collected by contacting our Data Protection Officer (contact information available in section Requests, Complaints and/or Comments).
SHARING OF PERSONAL DATA.
As part of our activities, Hitachi Systems Security Inc.
could disclose your personal data to third parties, which includes third party service providers whose services relate to our website (hosting, security, etc.
).
The personal data provided is then limited to only the data necessary for them to perform their services.
The protection of your personal data is requested for all our suppliers to preserve the confidentiality of this data.
HISYS-SEC will not sell or exchange your personal data at any time.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA.
Personal data is retained only for as long as necessary for the purposes set out in the Policy and to ensure compliance with applicable laws.
In addition, your personal data may be stored in Canada or abroad.
In such cases, we ensure that the adequate security measures and contractual agreements are in place to protect your personal data.
SECURITY MEASURES FOR PERSONAL DATA.
Hitachi Systems Security Inc.
strives to apply the necessary and appropriate security measures to ensure the protection of personal data in its possession.
To do this, we follow the accepted standards in the industry.
The personal data that we hold are therefore only accessible to recipients who have the right to know about them and who consult them only in the performance of their duties.
Appropriate physical, technical and/or administrative safeguards and security measures have been put in place and are maintained to prevent accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, unauthorized disclosure or access.
To achieve this goal, we ensure that we restrict access to our offices and computer equipment, train our staff and require our agents and suppliers of goods and services with access to personal data to sign confidentiality agreements and implement equivalent security measures.
INTERNATIONAL PERSONAL DATA TRANSFER.
Hitachi Systems Security Inc.
sometimes uses service providers located outside of Canada to perform specific mandates in the normal course of business.
As such, some of your personal information may be transferred to another country and be subject to the laws of that country.
We do, however, ensure that the personal data in our custody is protected, including personal data that is entrusted to a supplier, whether located in Canada or abroad.
Our privacy policies and practices require a commitment from our service providers to meet their obligation to maintain the confidentiality and security of the personal data entrusted to them.
This includes a requirement to implement effective security measures, but also a prohibition on disclosure of your personal data to others.
RIGHTS OF THE DATA SUBJECT.
Right of access and to rectification.
You can request access to your personal data, or information on how we process your personal data.
You can also ask that the data held by Hitachi Systems Security Inc.
be rectified if they were inaccurate, ambiguous or incomplete.
Right to erasure ("Right to be forgotten").
You have the right to obtain from Hitachi Systems Security Inc.
the erasure of your personal data as soon as possible.
The right to erasure will not apply to the extent that the processing is necessary, in particular.
(a) the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and information,.
(b) for research or statistical purposes,.
(c) the exercise or defense of legal rights.
Right to restriction of processing.
You have the right to obtain from Hitachi Systems Security Inc.
restriction of processing where one of the following applies.
(a) for a period enabling Hitachi Systems Security Inc.
to verify the accuracy of the personal data contested by the data subject,.
(b) the processing is unlawful and you are opposed to the erasure of your personal data, you request the restriction of their use instead,.
(c) Hitachi Systems Security Inc.
no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but you request them for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims,.
(d) you have objected to processing pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of Hitachi Systems Security Inc.
override yours.
Where processing has been restricted, personal data is only processed, with the exception of storage, with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person, or for important reasons of public interest of a public authority empowered by law.
Right to data portability.
You have the right to receive the personal data you have provided to Hitachi Systems Security Inc.
, in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, and you have the right to transmit those data to another controller without us impeding it.
This right applies when the processing is based on your consent and the processing is carried out using automated processes.
Right to object.
You can object, at any time, for reasons related to your particular situation, to the processing of your personal data.
Hitachi Systems Security Inc.
will no longer process your personal data unless it can demonstrate that there are legitimate reasons for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Automated individual decision, including profiling.
You may request not to be subject to a decision based exclusively on automated processing, including profiling, unless the decision is.
(a) necessary for entering into or performance of a contract between you and Hitachi Systems Security Inc.
,.
(b) authorized by the law to which Hitachi Systems Security Inc.
is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard your rights, freedoms, and legitimate interests,.
(c) based on your explicit consent.
REQUESTS, COMPLAINTS AND/OR COMMENTS.
To submit a request for access or rectification, exercise any applicable right, file a complaint, obtain information on our policy or send us comments, we invite you to contact our Data Protection Officer.
at the following email address.
[email protected] or.
Hitachi Security Systems Inc.
to the attention of the Data Protection Officer, 244-955 Michèle-Bohec Blvd.
Michèle-Bohec, Blainville QC J7C 5J6.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) – EU Representative.
Pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Hitachi Systems Security Inc.
has appointed European Data Protection Office (EDPO) as its GDPR Representative in the EU.
You can contact EDPO regarding matters pertaining to the GDPR.
by using EDPO’s online request form.
.
by writing to EDPO at Avenue Huart Hamoir 71, 1030 Brussels, Belgium.
UK General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR) - UK Representative.
Pursuant to Article 27 of the UK GDPR, Hitachi Systems Security Inc.
has appointed EDPO UK Ltd as its UK GDPR representative in the UK.
You can contact EDPO UK regarding matters pertaining to the UK GDPR.
by using EDPO’s online request form.
.
by writing to EDPO UK at 8 Northumberland Avenue, London WC2N 5BY, United Kingdom.
UPDATE OF THIS POLICY.
The content of our website may change at any time.
Therefore, this Policy may be subject to change from time to time in the future.
We recommend that you review it each time you visit our website to stay informed about how we handle personal data.
Update.
2021.
08.
25.
[1] GDPR, Art 6 and 7.
Hitachi Systems Security is a Global IT Security Service Provider who builds and delivers customized services for monitoring and protecting the most critical and sensitive IT assets in your infrastructures 24/7.
Hitachi Systems Security is a Global IT Security Service Provider who builds and delivers customized services for monitoring and protecting the most critical and sensitive IT assets in your infrastructures 24/7.
Blog.
About us.
Resources.
Videos.
Careers.
Contact us.
Terms & Conditions.
HTML Sitemap.
Privacy Policy.
