ProductsCMS PlatformMobile AppCustom ServicesAR Demos.
CMS Platform.
Mobile App.
Custom Services.
AR Demos.
AboutWhat We DoCompanyClients and Case StudiesNews & Updates.
What We Do.
Company.
Clients and Case Studies.
News & Updates.
Plans.
SupportBUNDLAR UniversityResourcesContact Us.
BUNDLAR University.
Resources.
Contact Us.
Login.
Request a Trial.
Home.
Privacy.
Privacy.
BUNDLAR Privacy Policy.
Last Updated.
October, 30 2020.
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes how Bundlar, LLC.
(“Company”, “we”, “our” or “us”) uses the information that we process in connection with your use of use of this website and any other website we operate that links to this Privacy Policy (collectively, our “Sites”), our mobile application (our “App”), and all other products or services available through our Sites or App (collectively, our “Service”).
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to better understand how we collect, use, and disclose information about you as you use our Service.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will appear on this page, so we encourage you to review it periodically.
Information we collect.
The types of information we may collect includes, but is not limited to the following.
Name.
Email address.
Phone number.
Address.
Payment information.
Biographical and demographic information.
Employment or organizational information.
Affiliated social media accounts.
Images, videos, or photographs.
and.
Any other user generated content.
INFORMATION COLLECTED DIRECTLY FROM YOU.
We collect information that you provide to us directly when you.
Create an account.
Subscribe to or register for our Service.
Place an order or purchase a product.
Contact us to ask a question or otherwise communicate with us.
Respond to surveys.
Participate in a contest, sweepstake, or other promotional activity.
Request customer service including dispute resolution, correspondence through our sites, and any correspondence sent to us.
Post a review or comment on one of our sites, or post other user-generated content on one of our sites or Services.
Sign up to receive announcements, newsletters, or other promotional materials.
Information Collected Automatically.
Certain information on our Service is collected automatically by means of various software tools.
We use such information to assist in systems administration, information security and abuse prevention, to track user trends, and to analyze the effectiveness of our Service.
Log Files.
Log files refers to the information that is automatically sent by your web browser or device (or otherwise automatically collected) each time you view or interact with our online Service.
The information inside the log files may include IP addresses, type of browser, internet service provider, date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, clicked pages and any other information your browser may send to us.
Device and Online Usage.
We may collect information about your computer, browser, mobile or other device that you use to access our Service.
We may use cookies, pixels, log files and other techniques to collect such information, including IP address, time zone, device identifiers and other unique identifiers, browser type, browser language, operating system name and version, device name and model, version, referring and exit pages, dates and times of Service access, links clicked, features uses, crash reports and session identification information.
Location Information.
When you use our Service on your mobile phone or device, we may collect information on your physical location through satellite, cell phone tower, Wi-Fi signal, beacons, Bluetooth, and near field communication protocols.
For example, when you opt-in to allowing us to collect this information, it may allow us to recognize the location of your mobile device.
Cookies.
We use cookies to make interactions with our Service easy and meaningful.
When you visit our Service, our servers may send a cookie to your computer.
We may use cookies that are session-based or persistent.
Session cookies exist only during one session.
They disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer.
Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you close your browser or turn off your computer.
We use cookies that enable you to navigate our Service and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of our Service.
Because required cookies are essential to operate our Service, there is no option to opt out of these cookies.
We use cookies to provide features and services such as.
Remembering your preferences and allowing you to enter your information less frequently.
Presenting information that’s targeted to your interests, which may include our content presented on another website.
Measuring the effectiveness of our sites, services, content, and advertising.
and.
Providing other services and features that are only available through the use of cookies.
The Options/Settings section of most internet browsers will tell you how to manage cookies and other technologies that may be transferred to your device, including how to disable such technologies.
You can disable our cookies or all cookies through your browser settings, but please note that disabling cookies may impact some of our Service features and prevent the Service from operating properly.
We may use or engage a third party that uses Local Stored Objects (LSOs), sometimes referred to as “Flash Cookies”, and other technologies to collect and store information about your use of our Service.
A flash cookie is a small data file placed on your device using Adobe Flash technology.
Flash cookies are different from the cookies described above because cookie management tools provided in your browser will not remove them.
To limit the websites that can store information in flash cookies on your device, you must visit the Adobe website.
Do Not Track Signals.
We do not currently respond or take any action with respect to web browser "do not track" signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of information about an individual consumer's online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services.
Analytics Services.
We may use certain third party analytics services to improve the functionality, features, or delivery of our Service.
We may also use these analytics services to record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity, as well as any text that you type into our Service.
For example, we use Google Analytics on our Service to track user trends and usage.
For more information on Google Analytics’ processing of your information as it relates to our Service, please see  By using a browser plugin provided by Google, you can opt out of Google Analytics.
Web Beacons and Similar Tracking Technologies.
When you visit our Service, we may collect your IP address for certain purposes such as, for example, to monitor the regions from which you navigate our Service.
We may also use web beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about your usage of our Service and interaction with emails from us.
Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of information on your computer, such as cookies, when you viewed a particular site tied to the web beacon.
We may use web beacons to operate and improve our Service.
Information We Collect From Other Sources.
We may collect information about you from other sources or individuals.
For example, we may collect information you submit to a blog, chat room, or social network.
We may also collect information from other companies, clients, organizations, or third-party partners.
Additionally, if you choose to log in to our Services using a social media account, we may receive certain profile information about you from your selected social media provider.
Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other uses of your information by your third party social media provider.
How We Use YOUR INFORMATION.
If you submit or we collect information through our Service, then such information may be used to.
Provide, operate, analyze, administer, improve, and personalize the Service.
Provide you with the Service and any information, product or order fulfillment.
Contact you in connection with the Service, notifications, events, programs or offerings.
Send you updates and promotional materials.
Advertise or market product or services to you, including to deliver direct mail, email, mobile messages, social media notifications and other electronic marketing communications.
Provide personalized or interest-based advertising to you.
Conduct market research and analytics.
Process and deliver contest entries and rewards.
Bill and for fraud prevention.
Protect our rights or our property and to ensure the technical functionality and security of the Service.
and.
Comply with applicable law, assist law enforcement, and to respond to regulatory or other legal inquiries.
How We Share or Disclose YOUR INFORMATION.
Our Third Party Service Providers.
We transfer information, to our third party service providers to perform tasks on our behalf and to assist us in providing our Services.
For example, we may share your information with service providers who assist us in performing core functions (such as hosting, marketing, payment processing, technical support, data storage, and security) related to our operation of the Service and/or by making certain interactive tools available to you as a user.
We also use third parties for technical and customer support, application development, tracking and reporting functions, quality assurance, and other services.
In the performance of our Service, we may share information from or about you with these third parties so that we can deliver the highest quality user experience.
Advertisers.
From time-to-time, we engage advertising services to assist us in advertising our brand and Service based upon your interests and in order to display content that is relevant to you (“Interest-Based Advertising”).
Those services may target advertisements on our website as well as third-party websites based on cookies or other information indicating previous interaction with our Service.
These third parties may collect information from your use of our Services over time and that information may be combined with information collected about you across different websites and online services.
These third party advertisers may be participants in the Network Advertising Initiative and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance, which allow users to opt-out of ad targeting from participating organizations.
To learn more about interest-based advertising, or to opt-out of having your information used by certain third parties for behavioral advertising purposes, go to  or .
Please note that when you opt-out of receiving interest based advertising, this does not mean you will no longer see advertisements from us.
Aggregated or Deidentified Information.
To better serve our users, business partners, and to improve our Service, we may conduct research on user demographics, interests and behavior or engage in other activities based on identifiable personal information and/or information that we aggregate or de-identify.
Aggregated or de-identified information is not considered personal information and does not identify a user personally.
We may share this aggregated or de-identified information with our affiliates, agents, business partners, and/or other third parties.
Business Partners.
From time to time, we may partner with other companies to jointly offer products or services.
If you purchase or specifically express interest in a jointly-offered product or service from us, we may share information collected in connection with your purchase or expression of interest with our joint promotion partner(s).
We do not control our business partners’ use of the information we collect, and their use of the information will be in accordance with their own privacy policies.
In the Event of Merger, Sale, or Change of Control.
We may transfer or assign this Privacy Policy and any information to a third party entity that acquires or is merged with us as part of the evaluation of an entry into such transactions, or in the course of a merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control (such as the result of a bankruptcy proceeding).
With Your Consent.
At your direction or request, or when you otherwise consent, we may share your information.
Other Disclosures.
We may disclose information about you if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is helpful or reasonably necessary to.
(i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
(ii) enforce our Terms of Use, including investigations of potential violations thereof.
(iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud or security issues.
or (iv) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users, or the public.
Retention.
We reserve the right to retain any information as long as it is needed to.
(i) fulfill the purposes for which we collected the information, and (ii) comply with applicable law.
Data Security.
We take the protection of your information seriously and take reasonable and appropriate physical, administrative, and technical measures to protect the information collected through our Site.
While we implement commercially reasonable security measures to protect your privacy, please keep in mind that the Internet is not a 100% secure medium for communication, and we cannot guarantee that the information collected about you will always remain private when using our Site and/or Services.
As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
Email Communications.
You may choose not to receive future promotional or advertising emails from us by selecting an unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email that you receive from us.
Additionally, you may send a request specifying your communications preferences to You cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to the performance of our services.
Please note that even if you opt out of receiving the foregoing emails, we may still send you a response to any “Contact” request as well as administrative, maintenance and operational emails (for example, in connection with a password reset request).
Children's Privacy.
Our Service is not intended for or directed to individuals under 13 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13.
When a user discloses personal information on our Service, the user is representing to us that he or she is at least eighteen (18) years of age.
If you are under 18 and a registered user, you can request that we remove content or information that you have posted to our website or other online services.
Note that fulfilment of the request may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal (e.
g.
, if the content or information has been reposted by another user).
LINKS TO OTHER SITES.
Our Site may include links to other third party websites as a convenience to you.
If you click on one of those links you will be taken to websites we do not control, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to those third party websites.
The inclusion of any link does not imply our endorsement of any other company, its site(s), or its product(s) and/or service(s).
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of any other site.
LOCATION BASED SERVICES.
Where you have opted in to sharing your location information, we may use various technologies to collect your information as described in this Privacy Policy to provide you with location-based services and content, including for marketing purposes.
You can opt-out from further allowing us to access your location data, by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device.
SOCIAL MEDIA, ADS, AND PLUG-INS.
We engage with guests on multiple social media platforms (e.
g.
, Facebook and Instagram).
If you contact us on one of our social media platforms, request guest service via social media, or otherwise direct us to communicate with you via social media, we may contact you via direct message or use other social media tools to interact with you.
In these instances, your interactions with us are governed by this privacy policy as well as the privacy policy of the social media platform you use.
We may display targeted ads to you through social media platforms and other websites.
These ads are sent to groups of people who share traits such as likely commercial interests and demographics.
Our online services may use social media plug-ins (e.
g.
, the Facebook "Like" button, "Share to Twitter" button) to enable you to easily interact with certain social media websites (e.
g.
, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram) and share information with others.
When you visit our online services, the operators of the available social media plugins can place a cookie on your device enabling such operators to recognize individuals who have previously visited our online services.
If you are logged into these social media websites while visiting our online services, the social media plugins allow the relevant social media websites to receive information that you have visited our online services or other information.
The social media plugins also allow the applicable social media websites to share information about your activities on our online services with other users of the social media website.
For example, Facebook Social Plugins allow Facebook to show your "Likes" and comments on our online services to your Facebook friends.
Facebook Social Plugins also allow you to see your friends' Facebook activity on our online services.
We do not control any of the content from the social media plugins.
California SHINE the light law.
If you are a California resident, you may request that we provide you with certain information about the entities with which we have shared your personal information for the entities own direct marking purposes during the preceding calendar year.
To do so, please write to us at .
Changes to this Privacy Policy.
As our organization changes over time, this Privacy Policy may change as well.
We reserve the right to amend the Privacy Policy at any time, for any reason, without notice to you, other than the posting of the amended Privacy Policy on our Service.
We will provide you notice of material changes by indicating that the Privacy Policy has been updated on our homepage and will indicate the date we made the update above.
Your continued use of any of the Services after the changes have been made will constitute your acceptance of the changes.
Please therefore make sure you read any such notice carefully.
If you do not wish to continue using the Services under the new version of the policy, please cease using the Services.
FOR USERS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA) AND OTHER SPECIFIC USERS.
To the extent the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) or other law granting particular rights to data subjects applies to you, you have the following rights with regard to our processing of your personal data to the extent made available by the applicable law.
BUNDLAR as the Data Controller.
When you provide us with your information through our Sites or App or to use our Service, we serve as a data controller.
When we act as a data controller we determine how personal data will be utilized, in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Our Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Data.
The following sets out our four (4) lawful bases under the GDPR to which we may process your personal data.
Our Contract With You.
Our processing is necessary to perform our obligations under a contract with you or to perform steps requested by you prior to entering into a contract with you (e.
g.
, to verify the information you have provided to us).
Our Legitimate Interests.
Where our processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us, except where such interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of personal data.
These legitimate interests include, but are not limited to, the protection and the security of our Service.
to protect the health and safety of you or others.
to establish, protect and defend our legal rights and interests.
to prevent fraud and verify identity and authorization of clients.
to understand and analyze usage trends.
and to improve our products and Service.
Legal Compliance.
Where our processing is required to comply with applicable law (for example, to maintain your payment transaction history for tax reporting purposes.
e.
g.
, in response to subpoenas, court orders and other lawful requests by regulators, courts and law enforcement agencies, or related to national security requests).
Your Consent.
Where you have given consent to process your personal data for one or more specified purposes, such as to provide our Service and other services requested by you.
Data Subject Rights.
Access and Control of Your Information.
We enable you to have control over your personal data.
To protect your privacy, before we give you access or let you access or update your personal data, we may we may ask you to verify your identity or provide additional information.
We will try to update and allow you to access your personal information for free, but if it would require a disproportionate effort on our part, we may charge a fee.
We will disclose the fee before we comply with your request.
We may reject a request for a number of reasons, including, for example, that the request risks the privacy of other users, requires technical efforts that are disproportionate to the request, is repetitive, or is unlawful.
Right to Rectification.
You have the right to correct your personal data if incorrect, which also includes the right to have incomplete personal data completed.
Data Portability.
When we process your personal data by automated means that you have provided to us based on consent or through a contract, you have the right to get a copy of that data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have that transferred to you or to third party.
Right to Restriction of Processing.
You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data.
During the pending period of time where we verify the accuracy of any personal data that you claim is inaccurate.
Where the processing of your personal data is unlawful but you oppose erasure and instead request that we restrict the use of your personal data.
If we no longer need your personal data but it is required for you to make or defend legal claims.
or.
During the pending period of time where we verify our legitimate interest to process your data when you object to such processing.
Right to Object.
You have the right to object to the processing of personal data under certain conditions.
For example, you may object to any processing of your personal data where we have relied on legitimate interests as our legal basis, if you believe your fundamental rights and freedoms outweigh our legitimate interest.
If you raise an objection, we will always respond to your request, but may not be required to honor it in all circumstances.
Erasure of Personal Data.
You have the right to delete the personal data collected through our Services.
There may be instances where we may not be able to delete your data or where we retain a copy of your data, for example, where we may need it to comply with a legal obligation or to protect the rights of others.
How to Exercise Your Rights.
please contact us at .
Right to Complain to Supervisory Authority in the European Union.
If you believe that we are processing your personal data in an incorrect or unlawful manner, please contact us at For those located in the European Union, you also have a right to file a complaint with a Supervisory Authority in the EU.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF INFORMATION COLLECTED.
Personal data we collect from you will be stored and processed in the United States.
If you provide us with personal data, it will be transferred to, processed, and accessed in the United States.
YOU CONSENT TO ANY AND ALL INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE AND SUBMIT VIA THE SITE BEING SENT TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
The United States has not sought nor received a finding of “adequacy” from the European Union under Article 45 of the GDPR.
We rely on derogations for specific situations as set forth in Article 49 of the GDPR.
YOU ARE ALSO INFORMED THAT THE UNITED STATES PRESENTLY DOES NOT HAVE AN ADEQUATE LEVEL OF PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION AS DETERMINED BY THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION’S ADEQUACY DECISION ON OCTOBER 6, 2015 (Case C-362/14) AND ARTICULATED IN THE EUROPEAN UNION’S GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION AND HAS NOT RECEIVED A SIMILAR DESIGNATION OF ADEQUACY BY ANY OTHER FOREIGN DATA PROTECTION AUTHORITY.
YOU AGREE TO THE TRANSFER OF YOUR DATA AND PERSONAL DATA TO THE UNITED STATES, HOWEVER, TO BE USED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
Contacting Us.
Any comments, concerns, complaints, or questions regarding our Privacy Policy may be addressed to please note that email communications may not be secure.
Accordingly, you should not include personal or other sensitive information in your email correspondence.
Blog.
Contact.
Terms.
Careers.
Request a Trial.
Email.
.
Phone.
276-BUNDLAR 276-286-3527.
Address.
116 West Hubbard Street, Suite 3Chicago, IL 60654.
Follow Us.
Facebook.
Vimeo.
Twitter.
LinkedIn.
Request a Demo.
© Copyright 2022 BUNDLAR.
All Rights Reserved.
View our Privacy Policy.
