Aureliusaurelius.
Platform.
Solutions.
Demo.
Pricing.
Resources.
Compare.
About.
Blog.
Menu.
Sign In.
Privacy Policy.
This privacy policy governs your use of our website  the domain aureliuslab.
com, and all subdomains or subapplications there-in ("Application"), created by Aurelius Lab, LLC (“We” or “Us”).
“You” or “Your” refers to you the user of the Applications, regardless of whether you a natural person or an entity.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used.
Information we collect consists of User Provided Information and Automatically Collected Information (collectively “User Information” or “Personal Information”).
User Provided Information.
The Application obtains the information you provide when you register the Application.
Registration with us is optional.
However, please keep in mind that you may not be able to use some of the features offered by the Application unless you register with us.
When you use the Application, you generally provide (a) your name, email address, company name, user name, password and other registration information.
(b) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or use applications from us.
(c) information you provide us when you contact us for help.
(d) credit card information for purchase and use of the Application by a third party, and.
(e) information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as contact information, project management information, research notes and insights, goals, decisions and measurement information.
We may also use the information you provided us to contact your from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
You may opt out of marketing communications at any time.
However transactional emails may not be opted out of and are provided as a service related to the Application.
Automatically Collected Information.
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of web browser or mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your computer or mobile device, your computer or mobile operating system, the type of Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
Use of Cookies.
The Applications may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience.
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server.
Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time.
The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page.
For example, if you personalize the Applications, a cookie helps us recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of our services.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device.
No.
We do not use GPS technology (or other similar real time location technology) to determine your exact current location.
We do however use your IP address in order to determine the city you are located in.
Unless disclosed by us, we will not share your current location with other users or partners.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application.
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Application and our service.
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
Your payment information along with information about your user/company are stored within a third party payment provider Stripe.
We only see the minimum amount of payment information needed and have no access to your actual credit cards or other payment information.
See ourSecurity Policy for more details.
We also rely on third party tools in order to collect other information.
We currently use Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Facebook Pixel, and LinkedIn Insight Tag (traffic analysis, SEO optimization and ad tracking), Hubspot (email support and customer relationship management), LogRocket, Datadog and HotJar (for error and product usage tracking).
You may opt out of these services by declining the usage of cookies We also use Mailchimp for mailing list management.
You may opt out of Mailchimp marketing emails from the unsubscribe link in the emails.
We also use Intercom for product usage tracking, customer support and messaging.
Your usage of Intercom chat and messaging is entirely voluntary.
You may opt out of Intercom emails from the unsubscribe link in the emails.
We reserve the right to change use of any third party tools at our sole discretion.
We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of these third party services.
You agree that we bear no liability for any practices in connection with our third party services.
We may disclose your User Provided and Automatically Collected Information.
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, court order, investigation or similar legal process.
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
if Aurelius Lab, LLC is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified within 30 days via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
We also use social buttons provided by services like Twitter, Google+, LinkedIn and Facebook.
Your use of these third party services is entirely optional.
We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of these third party services, and you are responsible for reading and understanding those third party services privacy policies.
We employ and contract with people and other entities that perform certain tasks on our behalf and who are under our control (collectively our "Agents").
We may need to share Personal Information with our Agents in order to provide products or services to you.
Except as disclosed by us, our Agents do not have any right to use Personal Information or other information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us.
You hereby consent to our sharing of your Personal Information with our Agents.
We may choose to buy or sell assets.
In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the transferred business assets.
Moreover, if we, or substantially all of our assets, were acquired, or if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party.
You acknowledge and agree that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of us or our assets may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this policy.
What are my opt-out rights.
You can stop all collection of information by the Application by discontinuing its usage.
You can also request to opt-out via email, at .
Additionally, you may opt out of third party tracking services by declining the usage of cookies.
You may opt out of Mailchimp marketing emails from the unsubscribe link in the emails.
And your usage of Intercom is entirely voluntary.
If you wish to have your data removed from these services contact us.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information.
We will retain Automatically Collected information for as long as you use the Application, and for a reasonable time thereafter.
We will retain User Provided Data indefinitely in order to better serve return customers.
If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at and we will respond in a reasonable time.
Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly and data that is deleted is done so permanently.
Obtaining a copy of your data.
If you would like a copy of any User Provided Data you have provided to the Application please contact us at Once we have verified your identity in relation to your data we will send you a raw copy of such information from our files within a reasonable time.
GDPR and Designated Countries Privacy Rights.
This Section only applies to Users and Customers of the Services that are located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom and/or Switzerland (collectively, the “Designated Countries”) at the time of data collection.
We may ask you to identify which country you are located in when you use some of the Services, or we may rely on your IP address to identify which country you are located in.
Where we rely only on your IP address, we cannot apply the terms of this Section to any User or Customer that masks or otherwise obfuscates their location information so as not to appear located in the Designated Countries.
If any terms in this Section conflict with other terms contained in this Policy, the terms in this Section shall apply to Users and Customers in the Designated Countries.
A “data controller” is an entity that determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information is processed.
Any third parties that act as our service providers are “data processors” that handle your personal information in accordance with our instructions.
We are a data controller with regard to any personal information collected from Users of the Applications.
With respect to any other type of information including with limitation non-personal information, we may be a data processor.
You may object to our processing at any time and as permitted by applicable law if we process your personal information on the legal basis of consent, contract or legitimate interests.
We can continue to process your personal information if it is necessary for the defense of legal claims, or for any other exceptions permitted by applicable law.
If we process your personal information based on a contract with you or based on your consent, or the processing is carried out by automated means, you may request to receive your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and to have us transfer your personal information directly to another “controller”, where technically feasible, unless exercise of this right adversely affects the rights and freedoms of others.
If you believe we have infringed or violated your privacy rights, please contact us at so that we can work to resolve your concerns.
You also have a right to lodge a complaint with a competent supervisory authority situated in a Member State of your habitual residence, place of work, or place of alleged infringement.
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2019 (CCPA).
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information.
This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request), we will disclose to you.
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing.
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased.
and disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and make reasonable efforts to direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to.
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal.
Penal Code § 1546 seq.
).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either.
Calling us at 612-293-0844.
Emailing us at .
Sending a letter to us at 2845 Louisiana Avenue S.
Minneapolis, MN 55426 USA.
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period.
The verifiable consumer request must.
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Children.
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security.
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information.
We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain.
For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application.
Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes.
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason.
We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and informing you via email.
You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent.
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.
"Processing" means using cookies or web storage on a computer/hand held device, or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, transmitting, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States.
If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards.
Contact us.
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at .
The user research and insights platform for design and product teams.
Platform.
Demo.
Pricing.
About.
Blog.
Sign In.
Resources.
User Research.
How to Collect, Organize & Share Qualitative Data.
Explore how Aurelius helps you.
Analyze and Synthesize User Research Data — Create Key Insights and Nuggets — Build a User Research Repository.
