Home.
About Us.
News.
Solutions.
Careers.
Investors.
Contact us.
Privacy Policy.
Your privacy is important to us.
This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy“) explains which personal data Axilion (“Axilion“, “we“, “us” and “our“) collects through TrackFileGenerator mobile application (the “Service“), and how we use that data.
By using the Service you are agreeing to be bound by this Policy in respect of the information collected about you through the Service.
This Policy is used to inform Users and Operators regarding our binding guidelines with regard to the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings set forth in our Terms and Conditions (the “Terms“), which are accessible at TrackFileGenerator unless otherwise defined in this Policy.
Our Privacy Policy explains.
What information we collect and why we collect it.
How we use that information.
Your rights with regard to the collection of information.
If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, do not use our services or provide Axilion with your Personal Information (as defined below).
Information Collection.
Information from which you can be personally identified may be collected (hereinafter.
“Personal Information”).
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with the following Personal Information.
Contact Details.
We may collect your contact details, including your full name and email address.
Unique Device Identification.
We may collect your Unique Device Identification, in order to identify your mobile device, authorize the use of the application and filter the relevant information for us.
License Plate Number.
In order to connect you to the Service, your vehicle and the parking facilities, we may collect your license plate number.
Location.
Our Service will request access to your mobile location.
This permission is defined as “Sensitive Permission”, which allows us to connect you with the relevant Operator.
We do not store any location information nor do we transmit it.
Derived Data.
We collect data when you provide us with your parking lot location, parking hours etc.
Furthermore, our Service will request access to some hardware features, such as “Bluetooth Permission”.
This type of permission allows us to provide our Services.
Log Data.
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, and an error in the app occurs, we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone.
Such information is defined as “Log Data“.
Log Data may include information such as.
device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service and other relevant statistics.
Use of Information.
We use the Personal Information we collect from you for a range of different business purposes according to different legal bases of processing.
Axilion may use or process your Personal Information for the following purposes.
One or more purposes may apply simultaneously.
Provide the Services.
To allow you to generate track files.
To explore the local businesses in your community, considering their estimated distance from your.
location.
To operate and maintain your account, and provide you with access to and use of the Services.
Provide you with customer and technical support.
To contact you when Axilion believes it to be necessary.
We process this information where it is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with you (e.
g.
, the Terms), and in light of your consent.
Improvement and Development of the Services.
We conduct surveys and research, test features in development, and analyze the information we have to evaluate and improve our Services, develop new features, and conduct audits and troubleshooting activities.
We will respond to you about any comment or inquiry you have submitted.
We process this information in light of our legitimate interest in improving the platform and the Services and giving our users the best experience, and where it is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with you (e.
g.
the Terms).
Maintain a Safe and Secure Environment.
Detect and prevent fraud, abuse, security and incidents.
Verify and authenticate your identity and prevent unauthorized or illegal activity.
Enhance the safety and security of our products and Services.
Conduct security investigations and risk assessments.
Prevent or take action against activities that are, or may be, in breach of our Terms or applicable law.
We process this information in light of our legitimate interest in improving the platform and the Services and giving our users the best experience, and where it is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with you (e.
g.
, our Terms).
Personalize Content, Advertising and Marketing.
To improve your experience on the platform by providing personalized content, recommendations, and features.
To customize the content and measure performance of any email, push notification, or in-app message we may send you.
We process this information in light of our legitimate interest to personalize your experience and customize our content.
We may use your information for other purposes, provided we disclose the purposes and use to you at the relevant time, and provided that you consent to the proposed use of your Personal Information.
Disclosure of Information.
By using our Service, you may be required to provide Axilion with certain Personal Information.
Furthermore, we may use certain trusted third party companies and individuals to help us provide, analyze, and improve the Services, and for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
These third parties may be located in countries other than your own and we may send them information we receive.
These third parties may have access to your personal information only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf and under obligations similar to those in this Privacy Policy.
In such cases, these third parties must abide by our data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use Personal Information they receive from us for any other purpose.
We may also disclose Personal Information as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets.
When we transfer Personal Information, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts, to help ensure your rights and protections travel with your data.
We will transfer Personal Information within assuring appropriate and suitable safeguards.
In addition, we may share your Personal Information with others, without your explicit consent, for the following purposes and to the extent necessary in Axilion‘s sole discretion.
When it is necessary to facilitate the functionality of the Services and to provide you with the Services, or to protect our customers.
If Axilion reasonably believes that you have breached the Terms, or abused your rights to use the Services, or performed any act or omission that Axilion reasonably believes to be violating any applicable law, rules, or regulations.
Axilion may share your information in these cases, with law enforcement agencies and other competent authorities and with any third party as may be required to handle any result of your wrongdoing.
If disclosure is necessary in order to comply with applicable law or respond to a valid legal process,including such process which is conducted by law enforcement or other government agencies.
In any case of dispute, or legal proceeding of any kind between you and Axilion, or between you and other users with respect to, or in relation with the Services.
In any case where Axilion reasonably believes that sharing information is necessary to prevent imminent harm, physical damage or damage to property.
If Axilion organizes the operation of the Services within a different framework, or through another legal structure or entity, or if Axilion enters bankruptcy, or if Axilion and/or any of its business is acquired by, or merged into or with another entity, provided however, that these entities agree to be bound by the provisions of this Privacy Policy, with respective changes taken into consideration.
To enable our partners target the audience they want to reach and to provide you with potentially interesting offers.
Axilion may also share Personal Information with companies or organizations connected, or affiliated with Axilion such as subsidiaries, sister-companies and parent companies, and other partners, with the express provision that their use of such information must comply with this Privacy Policy.
Your Rights.
If you are located within the European Union (the “EU“), you may have the following rights and, in most cases, you can exercise them free of charge.
These rights include.
Right to Access.
you may request to confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information.
If we are, you can request a copy of your Personal Information, which we provide free of charge for the first copy.
Right to Data Portability.
the copy of your Personal Information we provide you, will be in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
You shall be entitled to transmit this Personal Information to another entity.
Right to Erasure.
you may request the erasure of your Personal Information.
We cannot restore information that we have deleted.
Right to Object.
you may object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to the processing of your Personal Information.
If you are eligible to exercise this right, we will ensure that your Personal Information will no longer be processed for such purposes by us, unless we are required to do so by law or there are overriding compelling legitimate grounds for the continuation of the processing.
Right to Rectification.
you may ask us to change or update your Personal Information, especially if it is inaccurate.
Right to Restriction of Processing.
you may request us to restrict the processing of your Personal Information in certain circumstances, such as if it is inaccurate or unlawfully held.
Right to Withdraw Consent.
where you have consented to the processing of your personal information by us, you may withdraw your consent at any time by emailing us at Note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing of your information by us before the withdrawal of your consent.
Data Retention.
How long we will hold your Personal Data for will vary and will be determined by the following criteria.
The purpose for which we are using it – Axilion will need to keep the data for as long as is necessary for that purpose.
and.
legal obligations – laws or regulations may set a minimum period for which we have to keep your Personal Data.
Security.
Axilion considers information security to be a top priority, and is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Information.
Axilion implements systems, applications and procedures to secure Personal Information, to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information, in particular where the processing involves the transmission of data over a network, and against all other unlawful forms of processing.
When we transmit highly confidential data over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption.
However, these measures are unable to provide absolute assurance.
We take steps to ensure that the data we collect under this Privacy Policy is processed according to the provisions of this Privacy Policy and the requirements of applicable law wherever the data is located.
Therefore, although Axilion takes great efforts to protect your personal information, Axilion cannot guarantee and you cannot reasonably expect that Axilion‘s databases will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Links to Other Sites.
This Service may contain links to other sites.
If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site.
Note that these external sites are not operated by us.
Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Contact Axilion /Abuse Reports.
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or a question or believe that your privacy has been compromised by any person, in the course of using the Services, or any other requests, responses, questions and complaints, then please contact Axilion via “Contact Us” in our Service.
Axilion.
Azrieli Sarona Tower – 30th Floor, Derech Begin 121 , Tel Aviv 6107439, Israel.
Tel.
972-4-8342360.
UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED, AXILION IS A DATA CONTROLLER FOR PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT THROUGH THE SERVICES SUBJECT TO THIS POLICY.
Changes to this Privacy Policy.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, when necessary to reflect customer feedback and changes in our Services.
When we post changes to this policy, we will revise the “last modified” date at the top of the policy.
If we make a change to this Privacy Policy that we believe materially reduces your rights, we will provide a notice prior to the change becoming effective.
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
We may provide notice of changes in other circumstances as well.
By continuing to use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
Home.
About Us.
News.
Solutions.
Careers.
Investors.
Contact us.
Terms & Conditions.
Privacy Policy.
Cookie Policy.
