Legal Information.
Legal Disclosure.
Information in accordance with section 5 TMG.
Axiros GmbHAltlaufstraße 3485635 Munich Hoehenkirchen.
Represented by.
Gunther Klessinger.
Register Entry.
Entry in  HandelsregisterRegister Number.
142581Register Court.
Munich.
Initial or original capital.
40000.
00 €VAT indentification number.
DE222154013.
Professional Indemnity Insurance Information.
Bayrischer VersicherungsverbandMaximilianstraße, 5380538, Munich.
Extent of insurance cover.
Europa, Exports USA/Kanada.
Privacy Policy.
Thank you for visiting axiros.
com.
Your privacy is important to us.
To better protect your privacy, we provide this statement explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this website.
The Information We Collect.
At some pages, you can order products or subscribe to one of our services such as our online newsletter.
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include.
name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, credit card information, and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and services.
We also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.
g.
, Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.
g.
, Microsoft Windows or Mac OS) and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.
g.
, America Online, Earthlink).
How We Use the Information.
﻿We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products, programs, and services, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, and to offer you other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you.
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you, such as to notify you when we make changes to our subscriber agreements, to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter, or to contact you about your account with us.
We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience.
We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage, as well as to offer you products, programs, or services.
We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena.
We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request, or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our website and applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements.
In addition, we may transfer personally identifiable information about you if we, or one of our business units, are acquired by, sold to, or merged with another company.
Agents and contractors who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Statement by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for us.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Statement.
We may on occasion combine information we receive online with outside records to enhance our ability to market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you.
If you have signed up to receive our e-mails and prefer not to receive marketing information from this site, follow the "unsubscribe" instructions provided on any marketing e-mail you receive from this site.
Finally, we will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses.
Cookies & Web Beacons.
To enhance your experience with our sites, many of our web pages use "cookies.
" Cookies are text files we place in your computer's browser to store your preferences.
Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering at one of our sites.
However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our sites.
For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages and save your password in password-protected areas.
We also may use cookies to offer you products, programs, or services.
"Web beacons" or clear .
gifs are small pieces of code placed on a web page to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page.
For example, web beacons can be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page.
We may use web beacons on this site from time to time for this and other purposes.
Collection of Information By Third-Party Sites, Ad Servers, Sponsors.
Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours.
Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
We sometimes may offer content that is sponsored by or cobranded with identified third parties.
By virtue of these relationships, the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity.
We have no control over these third parties' use of this information.
The site will notify you at the time of requesting personally identifiable information if these third parties will obtain such information.
Some of the sites covered by this Privacy Statement may use a reputable third party to present or serve the advertisements that you may see at its Web pages.
These third party ad servers may use cookies, web beacons, clear .
gifs or similar technologies to help present such advertisements, and to help measure and research the advertisements' effectiveness.
The use of these technologies by these third party ad servers is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by our privacy statement.
For more information on this site's use of such third-party ad servers, please click here.
Our Commitment to Security.
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
Updates & Effective Date.
From time to time, we may update this privacy statement.
We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by placing a notice on our site.
We encourage you to periodically check back and review this policy so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and to whom we disclose it.
The Privacy Statement posted on this site was updated on or about January 01, 2019.
Company.
At A GlancePress KitContact Us.
Portfolio.
SolutionsProductsValue Proposition.
Legal.
Data ProtectionLegal InformationCode Of Conduct.
© 2022 Axiros GmbH - Lasting Advantage.
Made in Germany.
