TRUMPF uses cookies to provide a variety of services, to continually improve these services and to display advertisements according to the interests of our visitors.
When your data is processed, it may be (for a limited time) that your data is transmitted outside of the EEA, for example, to the United States of America (art.
49 para.
1 lit a GDPR), where the high European standards of data protection do not apply.
This means that the authorities can have access to the data for control and monitoring purposes, against which it may not be possible to exercise effective legal remedy or to assert the rights of the persons concerned.
By clicking on "Consent", you consent to the use of cookies for the pages trumpf.
com, mytrumpf.
com and their sub-pages.
You also consent to the transmission of your personal data to recipients in third countries where the adequacy decision of the European Commission is not valid.
You can edit or revoke your cookie settings at any time in the Privacy settings.
Further details can be found in the Data protection declaration.
You can set your browser as you wish and generally prevent the setting of cookies.
You can then opt on a case-by-case basis whether to allow cookies, generally accept them or reject them.
If you have given us explicit consent to process your personal data, the following checkbox will contain a check mark.
Any explicit consent from you to process your personal data can be revoked at any time by unchecking the following checkbox.
Please note that up until revocation, the legal validity of consent-based processing remains unaffected.
By checking the following checkbox, you consent to the use of cookies for the website pages of trumpf.
com, mytrumpf.
com and their sub-pages, as well as to any transmission of your personal data to third countries.
Further details can be found in the Data protection declaration.
MyTRUMPF.
FeaturesE-ShopService appDownload Center.
E-Shop.
Service app.
Download Center.
Getting startedMyTRUMPF in a minuteUser Guide.
MyTRUMPF in a minute.
User Guide.
MyTRUMPFMyTRUMPFFeaturesGetting started.
MyTRUMPF.
Features.
Getting started.
Increase your transparency on the performance of your equipment.
Increase the efficiency of your company – digital, simple, safe and free of charge.
By connecting your machines to our cloud, you can get more insight into the day-to-day performance of your machines, can take the necessary steps to increase your uptime.
The data is available to you and to our Service, so we can initiate appropriate measures even before a machine fails.
Connect your machines with TRUMPF and benefit from our digital solutions for your machine.
Detailed information about our Machine Analytics.
Connect your Machines to our Cloud and increase your transparency and profit from our proactive service.
Want to connect your machine.
Just fill out the online form.
Please fill out this form if you are interested in connecting your machine.
Our Smart Services team will reach out to you to schedule a time and connect your compatible equipment(s).
Your data.
When is the best timeslot to schedule the connectivity installation on the machine.
Remote session with our Service, ~15mn/machine.
You can select more than one.
Read Data handling policy.
Important note.
Network requirements.
Please consider the following network requirements in order to enable connectivity on your IT network.
Network Conditions.
To be able to use the "TRUMPF Machine Apps" machine option, TRUMPF machines are made connectable to the AXOOM cloud platform.
To do this, the customer network has to fulfill the following network requirements.
Connection of the machine(s) to the Internet via the network.
As a minimumrequirement, the following URLs must be reachable.
and .
and.
Enabling of TCP/443 (Port 443) (proxy and/or firewall) for the machine(s).
Enabling of WSS network protocol (access from LAN to the Internet).
Enabling of HTTPS network protocol (access from LAN to the Internet).
With an Internet connection over a proxy server, the following information must be available for the connection.
The host name of the proxy server, IP address of the proxy server, user name of the proxy server for the machine(s), password of the proxy server for the machine(s), port for the proxy server.
The following interfaces are necessary to enable the connection to the Condition Monitoring Platform.
LAN port.
Ethernet IEEE 802.
3 10/100-BaseTX, RJ 45, Full Duplex, Auto-MDIX.
Retrofit Cloud Connector  Enabling of TCP/443 (Port 443 and 8443) (proxy and/or firewall) for the machine(s) If the machines are connected via the Retrofit Cloud Connector, the following URLs must be reachable.
.
Enabling of TCP/443 (Port 443 and 8443) (proxy and/or firewall) for the machine(s).
If the machines are connected via the Retrofit Cloud Connector, the following URLs must be reachable.
.
Logfile Collector 	If the machines are connected via the Internet, the LAN needs to enable UDP port 500 and UDP 4500 for access from the Internet.
For possible questions regarding the customer network, a contact person for IT / network administration is needed.
You need any support or have questions.
Just reach out to us.
In case of any questions about our Transparency contract, just get back to us and we will directly get back to you.
Email.
.
MyTRUMPF customer portal.
Register now.
Do you already know our customer portal MyTRUMPF.
Get to know the advantages and how to optimize your business processes with TRUMPF.
Contact.
Locations.
Events and dates for your calendar.
Registration for newsletter.
MyTRUMPF.
Safety data sheets.
Machines & systems.
Lasers.
Power electronics.
Power tools.
Smart Factory.
Software.
Services.
Applications.
Industries.
Careers.
Vacancies.
Company profile.
Management Board.
Annual report.
Company Principles.
Compliance.
Security.
Press releases.
Magazine.
Education.
Employees.
Culture.
Company.
Products and supply chain.
Environment.
Corporate information.
Data protection.
Copyright.
Conditions of use.
Laser Technology Terms & Conditions.
Terms and Conditions.
Privacy settings.
© 2022                TRUMPF.
