English                                        Français.
Français.
English                                        Français.
Français.
People counter.
Store analytics software.
Mall and building solutions.
In-store analytics.
Real time building occupancy.
Queue management system.
Our customers.
5 key insights.
Case study.
Services.
News.
About us.
Request a quote.
Axper Website Privacy Policy.
Axper is committed to taking the necessary measures to comply with the principles and requirements for the protection of privacy and personal information as required by applicable laws and regulations.
We use personal information that is necessary for the purpose of providing the products and services requested by our existing and potential customers, in order to communicate information concerning our products and services, to improve our products and services, within the marketing activities as well as in the process of recruiting new employees.
We take reasonable security measures to maintain the integrity and confidentiality of personal information provided to us in the course of our business.
We do not sell this information and intelligence to third parties.
The Axper website may use cookies or proprietary identifiers to remember certain actions and preferences and enable certain functionality from one page to another of the site or on subsequent visits.
Users are notified of the presence of cookies and identifiers when visiting the website and have the option of accepting them or not.
The Axper website used by Axper or certain pages of this site may use first-party and/or third-party cookies or identifiers from Google Analytics and cookies or third-party identifiers from Google's advertising functionalities, a web analytics service and advertising provided by Google Inc.
This site or certain pages of this site may also use Google Ads features such as retargeting, affinity audiences, custom affinity audiences, in-market audiences or similar audience types, and geographic and demographic targeting.
Google Analytics advertising features can be opted out through the Network Advertising Initiative or NAI opt-out page.
You can also use the Google Analytics Web Opt Out add-on.
In order to enable us to provide the services offered by our solutions and services, we may use third party service providers to process and host the information collected.
Where applicable, we ensure that our service providers comply with applicable privacy laws, and implement contractual clauses guaranteeing the protection of personal information.
We protect personal information in our custody or control using physical, electronic and administrative security measures that are appropriate given the nature and sensitivity of the information.
These measures include the implementation of firewalls and encryption technologies.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that only employees and contractors who need access to confidential data to run, develop or improve our services are authorized to access it.
Our policy on the management and protection of personal information will be updated on a regular basis.
