Investor Relations.
HOME.
ABOUT BAIDU Company OverviewManagementBoard of Directors.
Company Overview.
Management.
Board of Directors.
Investor RelationsPress ReleasesFinancial ReportsWebcastsStock InformationSEC FilingsAnalyst CoverageIR CalendarInvestor FAQsCorporate GovernanceESG.
Press Releases.
Financial Reports.
Webcasts.
Stock Information.
SEC Filings.
Analyst Coverage.
IR Calendar.
Investor FAQs.
Corporate Governance.
ESG.
HKEX FilingsHKEX Filings香港联交所公告香港聯合交易所公告.
HKEX Filings.
香港联交所公告.
香港聯合交易所公告.
PRODUCTS & SERVICES             Baidu CoreiQIYI.
Baidu Core.
iQIYI.
CONTACT USContact FormIP ProtectionSEMEmail Alerts.
Contact Form.
IP Protection.
SEM.
Email Alerts.
Baidu Statement of Privacy Protection.
Baidu attaches great importance to protecting your privacy.
Before using the services provided by Baidu, please carefully read the following statements.
Baidu will only collect and use your personal information in order to provide you with more accurate and well-targeted services.
Baidu will treat such information with a high level of diligence.
You agree and understand that Baidu may use the personal information submitted by you in the following manners.
Without your permission, Baidu will not disclose such information or provide such information to any third party.
Collection of User Information.
Baidu will collect your personal information when you voluntarily select our services or provide such information.
Baidu will integrate your personal information so as to provide better services.
Baidu will not be responsible to you or any party if any personal information provided by you is inaccurate, untruthful, or outdated.
Baidu will not retain your personal data for longer than is necessary to provide products and services requested by the User.
Use of Cookies and Other Technologies.
Baidu uses cookies to customize services for each individual user.
However, you may choose to accept or reject cookies.
Through cookies, Baidu can provide each user with more relevant and personalized services.
At the same time, when you visit Baidu through any of its products, we permit transmission of cookies within the Baidu domain to Baidu’s Web server.
Any contents collected through cookies will be dealt with in a collective, anonymous manner.
You can prevent the application of cookies by changing your browser settings, but as a result, you may be unable to access certain Baidu services and functions which rely on the transmission of cookies.
Maintain Use Records.
When you use Baidu’s services, the server will automatically record certain information, including URL, IP address, type of browser, language used, and the date and time of visit, etc.
, with the sole purpose being to provide you with better services.
We will seek your consent before using your personal information for a purpose other than those included in this Statement of Privacy.
In the following circumstances, Baidu will disclose your personal information as you wish or in accordance with the law.
You will be responsible for any consequences arising thereof.
Your prior authorization is obtained.
Your prior authorization is obtained.
The products and the services you request can only be provided after disclosure of your personal data.
The products and the services you request can only be provided after disclosure of your personal data.
As per the requirements of the relevant laws and regulations.
As per the requirements of the relevant laws and regulations.
As per the requirements of the competent government authority.
As per the requirements of the competent government authority.
To safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of Baidu.
To safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of Baidu.
You agree to share the data with third parties.
You agree to share the data with third parties.
We discover that you have violated or are violating Baidu’s terms and conditions or rules of use of any other products or services.
or.
We discover that you have violated or are violating Baidu’s terms and conditions or rules of use of any other products or services.
or.
We need to provide the companies providing products or service on our behalf with your personal data (unless we notify you, such companies shall have no right to use or process your personal data).
Baidu will take all appropriate measures to prevent the illegal or unlawful disclosure, modification or destruction of user’s information.
We need to provide the companies providing products or service on our behalf with your personal data (unless we notify you, such companies shall have no right to use or process your personal data).
Baidu will take all appropriate measures to prevent the illegal or unlawful disclosure, modification or destruction of user’s information.
Transfer of Personal Data.
Please be informed that your personal data may be transferred to locations outside of the territory where you are accessing Baidu’s services or disclosed to our related corporations, licensees, business partners and/or service providers for the purposes described above.
Security.
We encrypt our services and data transmission using SSL.
We strive at all times to ensure that your personal data will be protected against unauthorized or accidental access, processing, correction or deletion.
We implement appropriate security measures to safeguard and secure your personal data.
Privacy Policy Amendment.
Baidu may amend its privacy policy from time to time.
If the privacy policy is amended, we will immediately post the relevant rules in a prominent place on our web page.
Questions and Suggestions.
If you have any questions or suggestions, please contact us.
Baidu CampusNo.
10, Shangdi 10th Street,Haidian District, Beijing 100085,People's Republic of China.
Attn.
Legal Department.
