Required Accessories.
There are accessories that are required.
Make sure to check them out.
MyBalluff.
Comparison list.
Favorites.
WEBSHOP.
Order around the clock at attractive online conditions.
MY BALLUFF.
Your customer portal with order tracking, invoice download and offers.
DEMO SOFTWARE.
Test our attractive software services before you buy.
Login.
Please login for an individual price calculation.
REGISTER AS A COMPANY.
We will check whether you already have a customer number with us in order to link your new online account with it.
Products.
Product news.
Software and system solutions.
Products.
Industries.
Focus topics.
Digitalization and the Industrial Internet of Things.
Application stories.
Services.
RMA return shipment.
Downloads.
Training.
Basics of automation.
Technical glossary.
100 years of Balluff.
Careers at Balluff.
Company profile.
Mission and vision.
Attitude and values.
Our Responsibility.
History.
Event calendar.
Product news.
Press section.
Newsletter.
Articles.
Case studies.
Contact & support.
Balluff worldwide.
Partnership center.
Products.
Websites.
Documents.
Privacy Statement.
General Terms and Conditions.
Terms and Conditions for the Free Licensing of Standard Software.
Terms and Conditions for the Licensing of Standard Software for a Fee.
General Terms and Conditions for the Transfer of Prototypes for Test Purposes.
Privacy Statement.
This statement applies to Balluff, Inc.
and the  web site.
Balluff Inc.
, a wholly owned subsidiary of Balluff GmbH, is sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet.
We believe it is important you know how we treat the information about you we receive on the Internet.
This statement describes our Standard Privacy Policy with respect to.
What Information is Collected.
How Information is Collected.
and by Whom is Information Collected.
What Information is Collected.
How Information is Collected.
and by Whom is Information Collected.
The Sharing of Collected Information.
The Sharing of Collected Information.
How You Can Access, Change or Limit the Information Collected About You.
How You Can Access, Change or Limit the Information Collected About You.
Security of Information.
Security of Information.
What Information is Collected.
How Information is Collected.
and by Whom is Information Collected.
In general, you can visit Balluff Inc.
on the World Wide Web without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself.
Our web servers collect the domain names, not the email addresses, of visitors.
This information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc.
BALLUFF Inc.
uses this information to measure the use of our site and to improve the content of our site.
There are times, however, when we may need information from you, such as your name and address.
When information is needed, we will try to let you know at the time of collection, how we will use the personal information.
This personally identifiable information will never knowingly appear in public areas of our Web site.
The personal information we collect is used only by us to respond to your inquiry, process a literature order or allow you to access specific account information or premium content.
In addition, we aggregate the general information and the personal information.
We compile and analyze this aggregated information so that we can provide more meaningful information to corporate partners and more relevant content and advertisements to you.
You remain in control of your information.
Balluff Inc.
will NOT use or share the personal information we collect in ways unrelated to the purpose for which you provided the information without first obtaining your consent (opt-in).
At the time you provide your information, you can choose whether you want to receive further communications about special offers, product information or other marketing messages.
If you do opt-in to marketing communications from Balluff, Inc.
, you can opt-out at any time.
All email communications from us, such as newsletters, tell you how to stop receiving them.
The Sharing of Collected Information.
Occasionally, we may make the email addresses, of those who provide this information, available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you may find interesting.
In these cases, you will be offered an opportunity to limit access to your information.
If you register with a BALLUFF Inc.
business partner online, we may use this information to provide you with custom information about BALLUFF Inc.
's offering in support of your business needs.
A technology called cookies may be used to provide you with tailored information.
A cookie is a tiny element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive so we can recognize you when you return.
You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie.
At times we conduct online surveys to better understand the needs and profile of our visitors.
When we conduct a survey, we will try to let you know how we will use the information at the time we collect information from you on the Internet.
BALLUFF Inc.
's website may contain links to other sites such as other Balluff locations worldwide or BALLUFF Inc.
distributors and sales affiliates.
While we try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites.
How You Can Access, Change or Limit the Information Collected About You.
You can request that the information collected about you be updated at any time by sending an email request to [email protected] or call 1-800-543-8390.
Security.
Balluff Inc.
uses the highest security standard available (SSL) to encrypt all of your account, credit card and personally identifiable information while it is in transit to us.
All data stored on the Balluff Inc.
server is protected by a secure "firewall" so that no unauthorized use or activity can take place.
Although Balluff Inc.
will make every effort to safeguard your personal information from loss, misuse or alteration by third parties, you should be aware that there is always some risk that thieves may find a way to thwart our security system or that transmissions over the Internet will be intercepted.
Contact & support.
Impressum.
Privacy Statement.
General Terms and Conditions.
Europe                            Belarus (RU)Belgium (EN)Bulgaria (EN)Croatia (EN)Czech Republic (CS)Denmark (EN)Deutschland (DE)Deutschland (EN)Estonia (EN)Finland (EN)France (FR)Greece (EN)Hungary (HU)Iceland (EN)Ireland (EN)Italy (IT)Latvia (EN)Lithuania (EN)Luxembourg (EN)Netherlands (NL)Northern Ireland (EN)Norway (EN)Österreich (DE)Poland (PL)Portugal (ES)Romania (EN)Russia (RU)Schweiz (DE)Schweiz (FR)Serbia (EN)Slovakia (SK)Slovenia (EN)Spain (ES)Sweden (SV)Turkey (EN)Turkey (TR)Ukraine (EN)United Kingdom (EN).
Asia and Pacific                            Australia (EN)China (EN)China (ZH)HongKong, China (EN)HongKong, China (ZHT)India (EN)Indonesia (EN)Japan (JA)Korea (KO)Korea (EN)Malaysia (EN)New Zealand (EN)Philippines (EN)Singapore (EN)Taiwan, China (EN)Taiwan, China (ZHT)Thailand (EN)Vietnam (EN).
North and South America                            Argentina (EN)Argentina (ES)Brazil (PT)Canada (EN)Canada (FR)Chile (EN)Colombia (EN)Ecuador (EN)Mexico (EN)Mexico (ES)Paraguay (EN)USA (EN).
Africa and Middle East                            Bahrain (EN)Egypt (EN)Israel (EN)Kuwait (EN)Morocco (EN)Oman (EN)Qatar (EN)Saudi Arabia (EN)South Africa (EN)United Arab Emirates (EN).
Oooops.
Our engineers are working on fixing the issue.
Meanwhile you can try the following actions.
