Products	Products	Power Supplies	DC Electronic Loads	Oscilloscopes	Signal Generators	Multimeters	Component Testers	Data Recorders	RF Test Instruments	Counters	Battery Testers	Environmental Testers	Electrical / Video / Cable	Accessories.
Power Supplies.
DC Electronic Loads.
Oscilloscopes.
Signal Generators.
Multimeters.
Component Testers.
Data Recorders.
RF Test Instruments.
Counters.
Battery Testers.
Environmental Testers.
Electrical / Video / Cable.
Accessories.
Where to Buy	Where to Buy	B&K Refurbished/Clearance	10% Off Promo for Education	Global Specialties Training Solutions.
B&K Refurbished/Clearance.
10% Off Promo for Education.
Global Specialties Training Solutions.
Support	SupportMyBK (RMA, Warranty Registration, etc.
)Knowledge Base	Calibration & Repair Cost Estimation	Contact Technical Support	Parts and Documentation	Downloads (Software, Images, Guides, etc.
)	Service Centers	Discontinued Products.
MyBK (RMA, Warranty Registration, etc.
).
Knowledge Base.
Calibration & Repair Cost Estimation.
Contact Technical Support.
Parts and Documentation.
Downloads (Software, Images, Guides, etc.
).
Service Centers.
Discontinued Products.
About Us	About UsOur HistoryNews & Media	ISO Certification	Employment	Trade Shows.
Our History.
News & Media.
ISO Certification.
Employment.
Trade Shows.
Privacy Policy - B&K Precision Corp.
Privacy Policy.
This privacy policy subject to change without notice.
The policies specified herein supersede any previous or other privacy policies pertaining to B&K Precision websites, and found elsewhere on this website ( or other B&K Precision websites including kb.
bkprecision.
com, news.
bkprecision.
com, and any other B&K Precision website properties within the bkprecision.
com top level domain.
This Policy sets forth the terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") governing your use of all sites within the bkprecision.
com domain.
This Policy applies to personally identifiable information, or "personal information," that we collect when you sign up for a newsletter, submit personal information via a form on a bkprecision.
com website, or visit any of our websites (collectively, the "site").
It also applies to personal information we collect when you otherwise interact with us, such as when you make a payment, place an order, or contact customer service.
This Policy also applies to personal information that we may receive from our partners and third-party sources.
Personal Information.
Personal information under this Policy is personal information that we directly associate with a specific person such as the person's name, address, phone or fax number, email address, account information (e.
g.
, credit card information and online registration), online activities or other specific personal information.
Our definition of personal information does not include "aggregate" personal information.
this includes information that we may collect about a group or category of services or people that does not contain any personal information or from which we or our agents remove any personal information.
Collection of Personal Information.
We collect personal information when you sign up for services directly, purchase products directly via any number of upgrade or replacement programs, or when you email, call or otherwise communicate with us.
In some instances, the personal information we ask you to provide will be mandatory for purposes of participating in a particular activity or service.
If you do not provide this personal information, your participation may be limited or prohibited.
We receive certain types of personal information automatically whenever you use our services.
For example, when your web browser accesses our site, we obtain certain types of personal information, such as your IP address, the type of browser you use, and the page you visited before visiting our site.
We may receive personal information about you from other sources, such as contest participation, or product referrals by your colleagues.
This Policy applies to personal information we obtain from other sources as well as to any personal information that we add to or combine with personal information otherwise covered by this Policy.
Our Use of Personal Information.
We may use your personal information to verify and validate your identity.
If you submit a job application or resume to us, we may use the personal information in the application or resume to communicate with you and, subject to laws and regulations that govern our consideration of that personal information, to evaluate your qualifications for employment.
We keep information as a record of our interactions with you.
If you place an order or otherwise deal with us over the telephone, we may record the details of the conversation.
Personal information referenced in the call may be recorded or entered into another media (e.
g.
, a computer).
We may also keep logs of emails we receive from you.
It is not possible to list every lawful use that we might make of personal information and the above examples are not intended to do so - they are only a general description and are for illustration.
Disclosure of Personal Information.
We may disclose personal information to third parties who complete transactions or perform services on our behalf, transactions on your behalf, or transfers related to providing products or services to you.
Through contracts with such third parties, we restrict the manner in which they may use and disclose personal information about you without your consent.
We may disclose personal information to comply with the law (e.
g.
, a lawful subpoena).
to enforce or apply any contracts or agreements.
to initiate, render, bill, and collect for products or services.
to protect our rights or property.
in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation.
to protect ourselves, our members, and other customers from the harmful acts of others (e.
g.
, theft, fraud, or abuse).
or if we determine disclosure of personal information is necessary in an emergency.
B&K Precision does not sell or rent your contact information to other marketers.
Because we do not sell directly, where required, your contact information may be given to one of our distributors if you are seeking to purchase our products.
Home/.
Privacy Policy.
B&K Japan (日本語).
B+K Taiwan (繁體中文).
B&K (en Español).
B&K (em Português).
Sefram (Français).
B&K Precision Corporation © 2022.
News & Media.
Contact Us.
Distributor Portal.
Site Map.
