1-844-309-3911.
Client Log In.
SolutionsLIVE Connect™Intelligent Freight PricingIntegrationsAdditional ProductsAll Solutions >.
LIVE Connect™.
Intelligent Freight Pricing.
Integrations.
Additional Products.
All Solutions >.
ResourcesBlogCase StudiesWebinarsWhite PapersSavings CalculatorFAQsAll Resources >.
Blog.
Case Studies.
Webinars.
White Papers.
Savings Calculator.
FAQs.
All Resources >.
About UsLeadershipCareersBecome a PartnerPress ReleasesOur Story >.
Leadership.
Careers.
Become a Partner.
Press Releases.
Our Story >.
Why Banyan.
Request Demo.
Contact.
Privacy Policy.
This web page describes our privacy policy guidelines regarding the collection and use of personal or corporate information that you provide to us.
This privacy policy was last updated on October 13, 2020.
Banyan Technology may modify the provisions of its privacy policy from time to time.
The new provisions will be effective as soon as they are posted.
Please check this page periodically to ensure that you are aware of any change.
Information Collected.
Banyan Technology collects information from users of its website, potential clients, prospective employees, and alliance relationships to name a few, including the information you provide to us by submitting information to us through use of the site.
We may keep track of this information and the information that you provide to us when you visit the site for our internal review, business development, research, marketing, and promotional purposes, press inquiries, or aggregate statistical analysis and site customization.
Banyan Technology may also use your email address for our business development, research, marketing or promotional purposes or press inquiries.
It is our practice to provide you with an opportunity to remove yourself from this distribution list by sending us an email to remove yourself.
We store this information in our secure database and have no plans to share it with any third parties.
If we ever need to share this information with other third parties, we will notify you.
At any time you can remove your name and related information from our database, and we will provide you a choice to opt-out if you don’t want your information used for any purpose.
You can review and update your information by contacting us at .
Banyan Technology may collect other types of anonymous data from website users through the use of “cookies,” which are text files that a website places on the hard drive of your computer indicating what pages you visited.
When you return to the website, your browser sends that information back to the site.
Banyan Technology may use the information provided by cookies to analyze trends, administer the site, or for research and marketing purposes.
Links.
The Banyan Technology website contains links to other websites belonging to alliance partners, clients, and other sites of interest to our users.
Banyan Technology does not control the privacy practices of these other sites.
You should make sure that you know when you have left our website and, if the website you visit collects personal information, that you have read that site’s privacy policy.
Security.
Banyan Technology protects your personal information with several security measures.
In addition to normal precautions such as physical security and firewalls, we have strict internal security policies.
Privacy Complaints.
If you believe that Banyan Technology has not complied with the provisions of this privacy policy, please email your complaint to us at .
General.
These are our current privacy policy guidelines that can be modified at any time by Banyan Technology .
This is not a contract.
Solutions.
LIVE Connect™.
Intelligent Freight Pricing.
Integrations.
Resources.
Blog.
Case Studies.
White Papers.
About Us.
Careers.
Become a Partner.
Press Releases.
WHY BANYAN.
CLIENT LOGIN.
