Platform.
Solutions.
Get started.
Support.
About.
News & nBlog.
SPIME2022.
Platform.
Solutions.
Get started.
Support.
About.
News & nBlog.
SPIME2022.
Privacy Policy.
BaseN Privacy Policy.
BaseN Privacy Policy BaseN is dedicated to protecting your privacy rights.
BaseN refers to BaseN Corporation, BaseN Netherlands B.
V.
, BaseN North America Inc.
, BaseN Baltics OÜand their affiliates (hereinafter collectively “BaseN”).
This Privacy Policy (hereinafter the “Policy”) describes the ways BaseN collects, stores, uses, and manages the information, including personal information, and data that User (hereinafter “User”) provides or BaseN collects in connection with the website  (hereinafter the “Site”) and any BaseN service provided on the BaseN Platform, or through any contact forms, event forms, polls, and/or newsletters (hereinafter collectively the “Services”).
The scope of this Policy is limited to information and data collected or received by BaseN through User ́s use of the Services or information supplied by third parties due to User initiated action.
By using the Services, User is expressing agreement to this Policy and the processing of User information and data, including personal information, in the manner provided in this Policy.
If User does not accept this Policy and these practices, User must not access or use the Services or provide BaseN with any User’s personal information.
In case of any questions or concerns, please contact BaseN with the information provided in the Contact Information section of this Policy.
Information and Data BaseN Collects from User.
BaseN may collect the following information and data from User.
User’s name.
Company/Organisation represented by User.
User’s or Company’s/Organisation’s street address.
Postcode and town.
User’s title, position, and profession.
User’s phone number.
User’s e-mail address.
Automatically collected non-personal data (such as Internet Protocol (“IP”) address) Non-personal data may include general, aggregated, or demographic information.
It will not be linked to any personal information, through cookies or other means, without User’s consent.
This type of anonymous, aggregated profiling and session data may include information that User has provided to BaseN through the use of the Services.
How BaseN Uses User Information.
BaseN uses information collected through the Services for purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to User in connection with the Services.
For example, BaseN may use User information to.
Operate and improve the Services.
Understand User and User preferences to enhance experience using the Services.
Conduct marketing activities to User.
Respond to User questions and comments and/or provide other customer service.
Send User-related information, including event confirmations, and administrative messages.
Communicate with User about upcoming events, and other news about services offered by BaseN.
Create reports and statistics for internal use (i.
e.
carry out research on User demographics, interests and behavior).
Fulfill the obligations based on law and orders of the authorities.
The information security of User is ensured with appropriate technical and administrative measures in accordance with BaseN’s information security principles.
Only designated employees of BaseN and companies operating on behalf of BaseN are entitled to handle User information and to maintain that data.
Each employee of BaseN or service provider is under a duty of confidentiality for the information obtained by User.
Use of Cookies and Related Technology.
BaseN uses technologies such as cookies, beacons, scripts, and tags to identify a User’s device and to remember things about User’s Site visit, or a User ID and password.
Information contained in a cookie may be linked to User’s information.
User can disable cookies at any time, although User may not be able to access or use some contents or features of the Services.
The Site Use.
While User is browsing the Site, computer’s operating system, IP address, access times, browser type and language and referring website addresses may be logged automatically.
BaseN may use this information to monitor, develop and analyze User ́s use of the Services.
Email Notifications.
BaseN may use User’s email address for example to notify about company news and events.
If User no longer wish to receive certain email notifications, User may opt-out at any time by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each communication or by emailing BaseN with the contact information provided in this Policy.
How BaseN May Disclose User Information to Third Parties.
BaseN does not share User’s personal information except as approved by User or as described below.
BaseN may engage other companies to perform services on  behalf, e.
g.
analyzing data.
This kind of service providers may have access to User’s personal information in connection with the performance of services for BaseN.
BaseN may disclose User information as permitted by law or court order or when BaseN sees that release is appropriate to respond to a public authority request, regulation, or agreement.
Storing User Information.
The information that BaseN collects from the User may be transferred to, and stored at servers located around the world, i.
e.
in a destination outside Finland and the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
It may also be processed by staff operating outside Finland and the EEA who work for BaseN or for one of BaseN service providers (e.
g.
if BaseN service provider is located outside EEA).
By submitting User information, User agrees to this transfer, storing or processing.
Accessing, Correcting, and Deleting User Information.
User has the right to verify what information on User has been stored.
Also, if User’s personal information changes, or if User no longer desire the Services, User may in request for correction, update, or deletion of personal information by contacting BaseN with the information provided in the Contact Information section of this Policy.
User Information Retention.
BaseN retains User information for as long as needed to provide the Services.
In addition, BaseN will also retain and use User information as necessary to comply with possible legal obligations.
Security of User InformationBaseN takes reasonable measures to protect User information and data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties.
Although BaseN makes all efforts to store the User information collected through the Services secure, BaseN cannot obviously guarantee total security.
Changes to This Policy.
BaseN may change or update this Policy to reflect changes to the data and information privacy practices.
BaseN recommends that User will read the Policy from time to time.
This Policy has been updated August 14, 2020.
Governing Law This Policy shall be governed by and construed under and in accordance with the laws of Finland.
Contact Information.
BaseN Corporation (Business ID 1737550-3) Salmisaarenaukio 1  00180 Helsinki  Finland.
In case of any questions or concerns about the BaseN data privacy practices, please contact us at or the postal address provided above.
Request a demo.
Stay tuned for other preSPIME2022 activities and the main SPIME2022 conference.
BaseN was established in 2001 to provide extremely scalable and fault-tolerant network and service management systems for telecom operators and large multinational enterprises.
Explore.
About.
Platform.
Solutions.
Support.
News & nBlog.
Sign up for our newsletter.
By clicking “Sign up”, I agree to BaseN’s Privacy Policy.
