USAPlease choose your region and languageBeckhoff WorldwideAustraliaBelgique (Français)België (Nederlands)BrasilCanadaČeská republikaDanmarkDeutschlandEestiEspañaFranceIndiaIndonesiaItaliaLietuvaMagyarországMalaysiaMéxicoNederlandNew ZealandNorgeÖsterreichPolskaRepublika ng Pilipinas (English)Schweiz (Deutsch)SingaporeSlovenijaSlovenská republikaSouth AfricaSuisse (Français)SuomiSverigeSvizzera (Italiano)TürkiyeUSAUnited KingdomViệt NamРоссияישראלالإمارات (UAE)مصرประเทศไทย中国日本대한민국台灣.
Please choose your region and language.
Beckhoff Worldwide.
Australia.
Belgique (Français).
België (Nederlands).
Brasil.
Canada.
Česká republika.
Danmark.
Deutschland.
Eesti.
España.
France.
India.
Indonesia.
Italia.
Lietuva.
Magyarország.
Malaysia.
México.
Nederland.
New Zealand.
Norge.
Österreich.
Polska.
Republika ng Pilipinas (English).
Schweiz (Deutsch).
Singapore.
Slovenija.
Slovenská republika.
South Africa.
Suisse (Français).
Suomi.
Sverige.
Svizzera (Italiano).
Türkiye.
USA.
United Kingdom.
Việt Nam.
Россия.
ישראל.
الإمارات (UAE).
مصر.
ประเทศไทย.
中国.
日本.
대한민국.
台灣.
myBeckhoff Sign inSigned inmyBeckhoff LoginWelcome, E-mail addressPasswordStay logged inWould you like to unsubscribe from myBeckhoff.
LoginLogoutForgot password.
You are not yet registered for myBeckhoff.
RegisterDo you need any help using myBeckhoff.
Please contact us at .
Would you like to unsubscribe from myBeckhoff.
Search.
Suggested Terms.
Suggested Pages.
Downloads.
Suggested Products.
Company.
Products.
Industries.
Support.
myBeckhoff.
Startseite.
Data privacy policy.
Headquarters United States                                      	Beckhoff Automation LLC.
+1 .
Sales.
Technical Support.
Service.
Data privacy policy.
Add page to favorites.
Introduction.
Beckhoff Automation GmbH & Co.
KG and Beckhoff Automation LLC, United States (hereinafter referred to as.
"We", “our”, and “us”) are responsible as the site operator for processing personal information of users of the company website, beckhoff.
com.
Our contact details can be found in the legal notice on our company website, while the contacts for questions relating to processing of personal information are listed directly in this Data Privacy Policy.
We take the protection of your privacy and personal information very seriously.
We collect, store, and use your personal information in compliance with the content of this Data Privacy Policy and with applicable data privacy laws and regulations .
This Data Privacy Policy is intended to inform you about the scope and purpose for which personal information is processed in connection with the use of the company website.
IF YOU HAVE RIGHTS UNDER THE CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT, PLEASE SEE THE CCPA SUPPLEMENT BELOW.
IF YOU HAVE RIGHTS AS A RESIDENT OF NEVADA, PLEASE SEE THE YOUR NEVADA PRIVACY RIGHTS SECTION BELOW.
IF YOU HAVE RIGHTS AS A RESIDENT OF THE EUROPEAN UNION, PLEASE SEE OUR EU PRIVACY POLICY.
ATTENTION.
PLEASE READ OUR DATA PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING THE WEBSITE.
ACCESSING OR USING THE WEBSITE INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT, CONSENT TO, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS DATA PRIVACY POLICY IN FULL.
IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THIS DATA PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE.
You acknowledge (a) that you have read and understood this Data Privacy Policy.
(b) that you consent to this Data Privacy Policy.
and (c) that by agreeing to this Data Privacy Policy, you consent to receive notifications regarding security incidents to the email address We have on file for you.
Personal information.
Personal information denotes any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, or as otherwise defined by data privacy law.
This includes information on your identity, such as your name, e-mail address, or postal address.
Information that cannot be directly associated with your identity (such as statistical data, for example on the number of users of the online site) is, on the other hand, not considered to be personal information.
Processing personal information.
Your data is stored by us on specially protected servers within the European Union.
Technical and organizational measures are used to protect these servers against the loss or destruction of, access or changes to, or the dissemination of your data by unauthorized persons.
Only a limited number of persons will have access to your data.
These individuals are responsible for the technical, commercial, or editorial support of the servers.
Despite regular controls, complete protection against all risks is not possible.
WE ASSUME NO LIABILITY FOR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION DUE TO TRANSMISSION ERRORS, THIRD-PARTY ACCESS, OR CAUSES BEYOND OUR CONTROL.
Your personal information is transmitted in encrypted form over the Internet.
We use TLS/SSL encryption (Transport Layer Security/Secure Socket Layer) for data transmission.
Transfer of personal information to third parties.
If we employ external service providers in the provision of services, they shall only access personal information for the purpose of providing services to us.
We use technical and organizational measures to ensure compliance with  data protection regulations and also obligate compliance on the part of our external service providers in this respect.
Except as described in this privacy policy, we shall not transfer the data to third parties without your consent, in particular not for advertising purposes.
Your personal information shall only be transferred if you have given your consent to do so, or if we are entitled or obliged to do so due to legal regulations and/or official or judicial orders.
This may especially involve the provision of information for law enforcement purposes, for averting danger, or for enforcing intellectual property rights.
Data deletion and storage period.
We delete or block your personal information as soon as the reason for storing it no longer applies.
The data may remain stored beyond this period due to legal requirements to which we are subject, for example, in respect of legal retention or documentation obligations.
In such an event, we delete or block your personal information once the requirements cease to apply.
Use of our online site.
Information on your computer.
Every time you visit our website, we collect the following information about your computer regardless of whether or not you have registered with us.
the IP address of your computer, the request from your browser, as well as the time this request was made.
In addition, the status and amount of data transferred as part of this request is also recorded.
We also collect product and version information about the browser used and your computer's operating system.
We furthermore record the website from which the online site was accessed.
The IP address of your computer is only saved for the time during which the online site was used and the subsequent three months, after which it is deleted or anonymized by shortening it.
We use this data to operate the online site, in particular to identify and resolve errors, to determine the utilization of the online site, and to make adjustments or improvements.
Use of cookies.
As with many other websites, we use cookies for our company website.
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer, which save specific settings and data for exchange with our website via your browser.
A cookie generally contains the name of the domain from which the cookie file was sent as well as information on the age of the cookie and an alphanumeric identifier.
Cookies allow us to identify your computer and make any default settings available immediately.
We use different cookies to achieve this purpose.
Essential cookies allow basic functions to be performed and are required for the website to function properly.
In addition, we also use marketing cookies that are used by third-party providers to display personalized advertising, as well as third-party cookies that allow access from content implemented on our page.
We use these providers to improve our online site and to offer you a better service that is more tailored to your needs.
We only use these cookies if you have given your explicit consent to do so.
The cookies we generally use are known as session cookies, which are deleted again automatically at the end of the browser session.
Cookies that are stored for a longer period can also be used occasionally, so that your default settings and preferences can be taken into account the next time you visit our website.
Most browsers are set up to accept cookies automatically.
However, you can disable the storage of cookies or set your browser to notify you as soon as cookies are sent.
It is also possible to manually delete previously saved cookies via the browser settings.
Please note that if you refuse to allow storage of cookies or delete essential cookies then some of the services available on our website may not work properly or at all.
Google Maps.
We use Google Maps to create access routes and show the locations of branch offices on maps.
Whenever our web pages containing Google Maps are accessed, a connection is established to the Google server in the United States in order to display the maps and associated text.
If you launch Google Maps when visiting our website, Google stores a cookie on your device via your browser.
Your user data is processed by Google to display the location and to create directions.
Google can use the data transmitted to it to identify the website from which your request has been sent and the IP address to which the directions are to be transmitted.
If you do not agree to this storage and processing, you have to prevent the installation of cookies by making the appropriate settings in your browser.
We refer you in this respect to the information provided on the topic of cookies.
Use of Google Maps is subject to Google's terms of use as well as general terms and conditions.
You can find Google's Data Privacy Policy at .
Vimeo.
We use "Vimeo" to show videos on our website (Vimeo LLC, 555 West 18th Street, New York, New York 10011, USA, hereinafter referred to as "Vimeo").
If you give your consent to embed Vimeo videos, a connection is established to Vimeo servers in the U.
S.
in order to show the video.
Your IP address is therefore transmitted and processed by Vimeo for technical reasons.
In addition, the date and time of your visit to the relevant page is also recorded.
If you are logged into Vimeo when you visit one of our websites on which a Vimeo video is embedded, Vimeo assigns the collected user data to your personal user account.
To prevent this from happening, you either have to log out of Vimeo before visiting our websites or configure the account settings in Vimeo accordingly.
Vimeo uses the web analytics service Google Analytics for analysis purposes.
Google Analytics stores cookies on your device via your Internet browser and sends information on the use of our websites, in which a Vimeo video is embedded, to Google.
It is possible that Google will store and process the information on servers in the U.
S.
If you do not agree to this storage and processing, you have to prevent the installation of cookies by making the appropriate settings in your browser.
We refer you in this respect to the information provided on the topic of cookies.
Further information on the collection, use, and processing of data by Vimeo as well as on your rights and options for protecting privacy can be found at .
Matomo.
We use the open source software Matomo (formerly Piwik) to statistically analyze the use of our website.
This is a web analytics service.
The data collected by Matomo is stored in a database for the purpose of analyzing usage, which serves to optimize our website.
The data collected includes the shortened IP address, the time, the website visited, the website from which you came to ours (referrer URL), the browser used, the duration of your visit to our website, and the frequency of your visits.
The analyses generated with Matomo are fully anonymized and cannot be used to identify individual persons.
The data stored by Matomo is not linked with other data sources nor is it transferred to third parties.
You can opt out of analysis of your data by Matomo by following this link.
A cookie is stored on your device via your Internet browser, which prevents further analysis.
Please note that you have to confirm the link above again if you delete the cookies stored on your device.
Any data processing operations that took place prior to revoking your consent are not affected.
For more information, please visit Matomo’s privacy policy at.
.
Webinars.
You can use various links on our website to take part in webinars that we hold online.
If you wish to take part in a webinar, we process personal information that you enter in a registration form, in particular name, e-mail address, address, country, job title, and company or organization.
We process data transferred via the registration form exclusively for the purpose of conducting the webinar (including submitting your information to the webinar organizer), making contact with you in relation to the event, and providing you with further information in relation to the webinar.
Our webinars are carried out on GoToWebinar from the LogMeIn platform.
The GoToWebinar platform is managed by LogMeIn Ireland Limited.
We have no influence on the data processed by GoToWebinar by LogMeIn.
You will find further information on data processing by GoToWebinar at  and .
Registration.
You can register to use certain features on our website.
When you register for an online meeting, we may collect your salutation, academic title, name, company, function/department, address, email address, telephone number, and preferences for day, start time, time zone, and duration.
We may also collect information related to whether you would like to get an overview of Beckhoff innovations, whether you are interested in specific products and technologies, whether you have application-specific questions that you would like to discuss with us, whether you accept our Data Privacy Policy, and whether you agree that we can use your personal information to contact you by phone, mail, or email.
When you order information media, we may collect information related to your media selections, language, name, company, division, industry, address, email address, telephone number, fax number, questions, wishes, suggestions, and whether you accept our Data Privacy Policy.
When you download macros, we may collect information related to your name, company, address, email address, telephone number, fax number, version requested, whether you accept our Data Privacy Policy, and whether you accept the terms of use of the macros.
You have to provide the mandatory data requested during the registration process.
The mandatory information requested as part of the registration process is required to fulfill or initiate a contract with us for specific services.
In addition, we collect the date and time of registration and the IP address.
As part of the registration process, we seek your consent to use the data.
A customer account will be created for you when you register.
We will retain the data in the customer account for as long as an active customer relationship exists.
If no further activity can be determined over a period of three years, the status of the customer relationship will be set to inactive.
You can request us to delete your customer account at any time.
Job applicant portal.
You can apply for job positions via the job applicant portal.
In this respect, we offer you the possibility to complete an application form and to submit the information and documents required for the application to us by means of a file upload.
Use of the applicant portal is voluntary.
you can also send us your application in other ways, for example via e-mail or post.
When you submit your application via the job applicant portal, your documents are forwarded electronically to the responsible employee in our company.
If you have applied for an advertised position, the documents will be automatically deleted three months after the end of the recruitment process, provided deletion is not contrary to other legitimate business interests.
If an application relates to an unadvertised position (speculative application), the application is retained for as long as the application may be of interest.
You can request the deletion of your application at any stage, even before the scheduled retention periods expire.
If an application is successful, the data transferred is stored for the purpose of processing the employment relationship, with due regard for any statutory requirements.
Communicating with us.
You can contact us in a variety of ways.
Newsletter.
When you register for our e-newsletter, we may collect your name, company, address, email address, email newsletter preferences, and confirmation of whether you accept our Data Privacy Policy.
Your email address will be used for our own promotional purposes until you unsubscribe.
You will regularly receive information via email in this regard on current topics, as well as emails for specific events and special promotions.
The emails may be personalized and individualized based on the information saved about you.
We use the double-opt-in process when you register for our newsletter, assuming you have not given us your consent in writing.
This means that we will only send you a newsletter via email if you have explicitly confirmed to us in advance that we should activate the newsletter mailing.
We will then send you a notification email and ask you to confirm by clicking a link in this email that you would like to receive our newsletter.
We record the opening of the newsletter and any links that it may contain.
In addition, we process the following data in relation to use of the newsletter.
the email program you are using, your operating system, the time of access, and your abbreviated IP address.
Should you no longer wish to receive newsletters from us in general, you can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future.
Simply use the unsubscribe link contained in every newsletter or send notification to us or to our data protection officer.
Social Media.
We may also collect information about you from other third-party sources, including social media companies.
The website provides links to our Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter, Vimeo, Xing, and YouTube pages.
If you connect with these websites through the website, We may receive personal information about you.
Facebook.
By clicking on the Facebook button on the website, you will be automatically transported to the official Facebook Page for Beckhoff, .
Instagram.
By clicking on the Instagram button on the website, you will be automatically transported to the official Instagram Page for Beckhoff, .
LinkedIn.
By clicking on the LinkedIn button on the website, you will be automatically transported to the official LinkedIn Page for Beckhoff, .
Twitter.
By clicking on the Twitter button on the website, you will be automatically transported to the official Twitter feed of Beckhoff, .
Vimeo.
By clicking on the Vimeo button on the website, you will be automatically transported to the official Vimeo channel of Beckhoff, .
Xing.
By clicking on the Xing button on the website, you will be automatically transported to the official Xing account of Beckhoff .
YouTube.
By clicking on the YouTube button on the website, you will be automatically transported to the official YouTube Channel for Beckhoff, viewable at.
For more information, please visit Google’s privacy policy at.
.
Business Changes.
If We become involved in a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, joint venture, securities offering, bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution, or other transaction, or if the ownership of all or substantially all of our business otherwise changes, We may transfer Your information to a third party or parties in connection therewith.
Affiliates.
We may also share Your information with our affiliates for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Our affiliates will be required to maintain that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Investigations and Law.
We may disclose information about You to third parties if We believe that such disclosure is necessary to.
Comply with the law or guidance or cooperate with government or law enforcement officials or private parties.
Investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected illegal activities, suspected fraud, the rights, reputation, safety, and property of us, users, or others, or violations of our policies or other agreements with us.
Respond to claims and legal process (for example, subpoenas).
and/or.
Protect against legal liability.
Your Choices Regarding Your Information.
You have choices regarding our use of your personal information.
Changing Your Information - To change your information, you may log in into myBeckhoff.
Select Personal information and simply enter the changes in the form.
If you are unable to log in, please contact us at .
Closing Your Account - You may close your account by contacting us at If the email account associated with your email address is not active, We may close your account without notice.
Data protection officer and contact.
We have appointed a data protection officer to support us in relation to data privacy issues and with whom you can also make contact directly.
Our data protection officer is available to you to deal with queries relating to our handling of personal information or to provide other information on data privacy issues.
Data privacy contact Phone.
+ 49 (0) 52 46 / 9 63 - 0E-mail.
.
Additional information and changes.
Your Nevada Privacy Rights.
The Nevada Revised Statutes (NRS 603A.
300 et seq.
) permit a Nevada consumer to direct an operator of an Internet website or online service to refrain from making any sale of any covered information the operator has collected or will collect about that consumer.
You may submit a request pursuant to this directive by emailing us at We will provide further information about how We verify the authenticity of the request and your identity.
Links to other websites.
Our online site may contain links to other websites.
These links are generally identified as such.
We have no influence on the extent to which the applicable data protection regulations are observed on the linked websites.
We therefore recommend that you also familiarize yourself with the respective data privacy policies on the other websites.
Changes to this Data Privacy Policy.
The status of this Data Privacy Policy is indicated by the date (below).
We reserve the right to change this Data Privacy Policy at any time with effect for the future.
If We materially change this Privacy Policy, We will let You know by sending an email notifying You of the changes to the email address We have on file for You and posting an updated Data Privacy Policy on the website.
Changes may arise especially in the case of technical modifications to the website or revisions to data protection regulations.
The up-to-date version of the Data Privacy Policy can be accessed directly via the website at all times.
We recommend that you familiarize yourself regularly with any changes to this Data Privacy Policy.
Version of Data Privacy Policy.
December 2020.
Supplement for California Residents - Last Updated December 2020.
California residents have the following rights.
You will not need to create an account to exercise your rights.
To exercise one of these rights, please provide a verifiable consumer request by calling us at 1-877-894-6228, or emailing us at .
Request that we delete personal information about you that we may have collected.
Request that, for personal information that we have collected in the preceding 12 months, we disclose, free of charge (unless your requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive), the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which the personal information was collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information, the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Request that, for personal information that we have sold or disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months, we disclose, free of charge (unless your requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive), the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, the categories of personal information that we have sold about you, the categories of third parties to whom each category of personal information was sold, the categories of personal information that we have disclosed about you for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom each category of personal information was disclosed.
Direct us, at any time, not to sell your personal information.
We may sell your personal information within the meaning of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”).
Under the CCPA, “sell” means sell, rent, release, disclose, disseminate, make available, transfer, or otherwise communicate orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means a consumer’s personal information by the business to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
The law contains exceptions to this definition which may limit how we respond to your direction.
To exercise this right to opt out, you may call us at 1-877-894-6228 or email us at We do not have actual knowledge that we sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Before we can fulfill the requests to know and delete noted above, we must verify your identity.
If you have a password-protected account with us, we can verify your identity through our existing authentication procedures for your account.
However, we will require you to re-authenticate yourself before we can disclose or delete any of your information.
If you do not have a password-protected account with us, we will require you to provide us with your name, telephone number, business  address, and email address, together with a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request.
We will match this information to the personal information we maintain.
You can also authorize another person, called an agent, to exercise your rights on your behalf.
You must provide the authorized agent written and signed permission to act on your behalf.
We may deny requests to opt out from an authorized agent who does not submit proof that he or she has been authorized to act on your behalf.
Furthermore, we may require you to verify your identity directly with us.
We may also require you to directly confirm with us that you have provided the authorized agent permission to submit a request on your behalf.
An authorized agent can make a request on your behalf by either calling us at 1-877-894-6228, or by emailing us at .
We may not discriminate against you because you exercised any of your rights under the CCPA, including, but not limited to, by.
Denying goods or services to you.
Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties.
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to you.
Suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
For California residents, to the extent that anything in this Supplement for California Residents conflicts with the Beckhoff Data Privacy Policy, this Supplement for California Residents shall govern.
For more information about our information collection practices and procedures and for more information about the rights of California residents under the CCPA, please visit our privacy policy, available at.
.
Information Collected From Other Websites and Mobile Applications and Do Not Track Policy.
Your browser or device may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites, web applications, mobile applications, and services (including behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and/or across different websites or applications.
The website does not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means that we or our analytics providers or other third parties with which we are working may collect information about your online activity both during and after your use of the website.
California Shine the Light Notice.
Section 1798.
83 of the California Civil Code permits California residents to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information about the types of personal information the business has shared with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes, and the names and addresses of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year.
You may make one request each year by emailing us at or by writing us at the address listed at the end of the Beckhoff.
com Data Privacy Policy.
Headquarters United States.
Beckhoff Automation LLC						13130 Dakota Avenue						Savage 55378 - MN.
Newsletter.
Print page.
Company profile.
Global presence.
Job opportunities.
News.
Events and dates.
LinkedIn.
Twitter.
Instagram.
Facebook.
Vimeo.
XING.
YouTube.
Industrial PCs.
Embedded PCs.
EtherCAT.
EtherCAT Terminals.
EtherCAT Box.
Fieldbus systems.
Servo drives.
Servomotors.
XTS | Linear product transport.
XPlanar | Planar motor system.
TwinCAT.
TwinSAFE.
MX-System.
Technical support.
Service.
Training.
Webinars.
Beckhoff Information System.
Download finder.
PC Control company magazine.
Please choose your region and language.
Download list.
