FrameworksCloud MQTT BrokerMQTT BrokerIoT SimulatorIoT for Education.
Cloud MQTT Broker.
MQTT Broker.
IoT Simulator.
IoT for Education.
Industry 4.
0Smart ManufacturingOEE DPRMESWIP Manager.
Smart Manufacturing.
OEE DPR.
MES.
WIP Manager.
Customers.
Downloads.
Support.
Sign up now.
Sign up now.
Terms of use.
License.
Privacy Policy.
Refund Policy.
FAQ.
Contact.
Privacy Policy.
Welcome to Bevywise.
com.
If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern the Bevywise Networks relationship with you in relation to this website.
If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app.
When ordering, downloading products or contacting us on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information.
We collect information from you when you fill out a form, Open a Support Ticket or enter information on our site or when you provide us with feedback on our products or services.
How do we use your information.
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website or use certain other site features in the following ways.
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to serve you better, in responding to your customer service requests.
To write to you to get your feedback on the product.
To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products.
To follow up after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries).
How do we protect your information.
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Do we use ‘cookies’.
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your computer by websites including this one.
Cookies usually contain anonymous information which can only be accessed by the website which placed it on your computer.
You can delete cookies, however you may lose information which enables you to access the website more quickly or enables use of certain services or systems on the website.
You can choose to disable cookies in your browser.
By default your browser will accept cookies.
For further details please consult the help menu in your browser.
Disabling cookies may prevent you from using certain areas of the website, as well as some services.
Third-party disclosure.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
Third-party links.
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
Contacting Us.
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
[email protected].
Frameworks.
MQTT Broker.
Cloud MQTT Broker.
MQTT Platform.
IoT Simulator.
2035, Sunset Lake, RoadSuite B-2,.
Newark, Delaware – 12702, USA.
Industry 4.
0.
MES.
OEE DPR.
WIP Manager.
WIP Limits.
MQTT.
What is MQTT.
Getting Starter Guide.
Developer Guide.
MQTT vs REST.
The Company.
Customers.
Support.
IoT Tips.
Blogs.
About Us.
Contact Us.
Careers.
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | EULA.
Follow.
Follow.
Follow.
Follow.
Follow.
