ENDEFRITCN.
DE.
FR.
IT.
CN.
NAVIGATIONAbout ANT®ANT® lite+ANT® localization+ANT® localizationANT® labANT® server.
About ANT®.
ANT® lite+.
ANT® localization+.
ANT® localization.
ANT® lab.
ANT® server.
ENGINEERINGEngineering servicesminiTMminiTM liteminiTM UVC.
Engineering services.
miniTM.
miniTM lite.
miniTM UVC.
REFERENCES.
COMPANYAbout BlueBoticsNewsEventsBlog.
About BlueBotics.
News.
Events.
Blog.
GET IN TOUCH.
NAVIGATIONAbout ANT®ANT® lite+ANT® localization+ANT® localizationANT® labANT® server.
About ANT®.
ANT® lite+.
ANT® localization+.
ANT® localization.
ANT® lab.
ANT® server.
ENGINEERINGEngineering servicesminiTMminiTM liteminiTM UVC.
Engineering services.
miniTM.
miniTM lite.
miniTM UVC.
REFERENCES.
COMPANYAbout BlueBoticsNewsEventsBlog.
About BlueBotics.
News.
Events.
Blog.
GET IN TOUCH.
NAVIGATION About ANT® ANT® lite+ ANT® localization+ ANT® localization ANT® lab ANT® server.
About ANT®.
ANT® lite+.
ANT® localization+.
ANT® localization.
ANT® lab.
ANT® server.
ENGINEERING Engineering services miniTM lite miniTM miniTM UVC.
Engineering services.
miniTM lite.
miniTM.
miniTM UVC.
REFERENCES.
COMPANY About BlueBotics News Events Blog.
About BlueBotics.
News.
Events.
Blog.
ENDEFRITCN.
DE.
FR.
IT.
CN.
Privacy Policy.
BlueBotics SA and its subsidiaries (collectively “we” or “BlueBotics”) respect and are committed to protecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains the types of personal data we may collect and how we use, share, store, and secure your personal data.
For purposes of this Policy, “personal data” means the information either on its own or in combination with other information that identifies you or allows you to be identified, such as your name, physical address, email address or other contact details, online identifiers, details of your use of our website navigational information, and any information that becomes personally associated with you.
Data Privacy Regulation.
BlueBotics SA complies with the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation).
Personal Data Collection.
We collect personal data in a number of different ways.
When you voluntarily provide your personal data to us (for example, when you opted‐in for our electronic mailings, when you registered for an account on a Site, when you completed a web form to access an application or register for an event) or when it is provided to us by the company or organization you work for.
When you participate in webinars, seminars, trade fairs, or other events.
From publicly available sources (for example, LinkedIn or corporate websites).
When you use our services (for example, customer care support, technical support).
when it is necessary for us to provide or receive services or otherwise do business with you or the company or organization you belong to.
and/or.
When we have disclosed the collection and intended use to you in advance through this Policy or at the time of collection.
You are not required to provide personal data to us.
however, if you do not, we may not be able to provide certain services or information you may request.
We collect a number of different types of personal data.
Relevant business contact information, such as your name, the name of the company or organization you work for, your business address, your location of operation, your title, your email address, your telephone, and other business contact details.
Information we obtain from your registrations for and attendance of webinars, seminars, trade fairs, and other events.
In connection with such events, we may also collect information on your administrative assistant, your dietary requirements, your gender, and your partner.
We also automatically collect information your browser makes available whenever you visit a Site, through the use of commonly used tracking technologies.
This information includes your Internet Protocol (IP) address.
the source of a Site visit.
the domain name of the web site from which you came.
number of visits.
pages viewed.
links, likes, comments, shares clicked.
browser type, version, and language.
and/or the date and time of your query.
We are committed to using this personal data only for the purpose of the provision of our services, to keep it confidential and to follow the instructions that your company may provide to us in this context in a separate agreement, it being understood that we are allowed to use aggregated data for the improvement of our products, services, and software solutions.
For the avoidance of doubt, there are certain types of personal data we typically do not collect.
We do not proactively collect any personal data considered as sensitive personal data (for example, health‐related data).
We do not proactively collect private financial information about you, nor information about your private home and family.
Our Sites are for persons aged 16 years or older.
We only conduct B2B business and do not engage in B2C business.
Our Use of Your Personal Data.
This Policy provides you with information as to how we may use your personal data.
We hope this will help you make an informed decision about sharing your personal data with us.
We may use personal data that you provide to us for the following business, transactional, and marketing purposes.
Contact you about a specific request or inquiry.
Deliver requested services or business transactions we have agreed.
Administer our Sites and your account(s) (for registered users).
analyze trends and improve functionality of our Sites.
Customize and personalize our Sites and selected third party websites to the preferences you have entered and personalize and improve your online experience, which may include matching and serving targeted advertisements about our products, services and solutions to make the information delivered more relevant to you.
we utilize ad networks to display targeted digital advertisements on third party web sites.
Consider an application for employment from you.
As deemed necessary to protect our legal rights and our property, to protect other users or any third party, or to prevent personal injury or loss.
Communicate (via email, regular mail or telephone) with you about products, services, and events of BlueBotics and its business partners that you may be interested in.
Generate leads (the identification of particular interest an existing or potential customer may have in our products, solutions and services.
for example, based on your level of interest and expressed desire for follow‐up information, such as by downloading a document, visiting certain website pages or making a direct inquiry with us) for us for business promotion purposes, to provide you better support and services and/or to better respond to your requests or inquiries.
Invite you to provide feedback or participate in customer surveys.
understand better the nature and quality of the provision of our services.
improve and further develop products, services, and solutions.
and/or.
Use such information in the context of our overall customer relationship management (CRM).
For our marketing activities, we process your personal data in our CRM systems.
Every promotional communication will include a link allowing you to opt‐out of receiving such communications in the future.
The legal basis for using and processing your personal data are, as the case may be, your consent.
necessity for responding to inquiries.
the performance of requested services.
the entering into and performing of contracts and business transactions.
and our legitimate business interests.
Information Sharing with Third Parties.
Within BlueBotics, we restrict access to your personal data to employees who need to know the information for the above use purposes.
We do not rent or sell your personal data to other companies or individuals.
However, we may share your personal data with third parties outside of BlueBotics for the following purposes.
With authorized distributors, channel partners and other suppliers selected by us, who are involved in providing our products, services or solutions to you, to communicate with you about BlueBotics and related products, services, and solutions that you may be interested in, or to respond to your requests or inquiries.
With selected service providers and subcontractors who provide services to us or on our behalf, such as hosting websites, sending out information, conducting surveys, IT services, analyzing data, organizing events, and other professional services.
We only provide these service providers with the personal data they need to deliver their services to us or on our behalf.
With selected service providers and subcontractors who provide services to us or on our behalf, such as advertising and marketing services, including telemarketing.
we provide, for example, information collected about you through our cookies in order to generate and provide advertising about our products, services and solutions that are more relevant or useful to you.
With governmental and/or regulatory authorities where we are required by applicable law or pursuant to a court, administrative or similar order.
We take commercially reasonable steps to implement contractual safeguards and to promote that the third party companies mentioned above.
Protect your personal data and keep it secure and confidential.
Do not collect, use, or disclose your personal data for any purpose other than to perform such functions for us or on our behalf and in accordance with applicable privacy laws and our instructions.
To not keep this information longer than is needed.
and.
To report to us immediately in case of a data breach incident leading to the accidental or unlawful theft, loss, disclosure of or access to personal data.
Aggregating Information.
Aggregated or anonymized personal data does not personally identify you or any other user of the Sites.
It may be used for statistical analysis and administration, including analysis of trends, tailoring products and services, risk assessment and analysis of costs and charges in relation to our products, services, and solutions.
Use of Cookies.
A cookie is a small text file that is downloaded to your computer’s hard drive or stored in your web browser’s memory when you visit our Sites.
We exclusively use cookies for Google Analytics to understand how visitors are using our Site.
You may opt out of Google Analytics here.
Google Analytics Opt‐out Link.
Direct Marketing.
We will obtain your consent for direct marketing through opt‐in, where we are required to do so in accordance with applicable laws, and will keep track of the consent(s) provided by you.
We will ensure that any direct marketing or market research that you receive or are contacted about by e‐mail will provide a simple means for you to withdraw from such further e‐mail communication.
For example, we may provide you with an ‘unsubscribe’ link in emails, or an email address where you can send an opt‐out request.
In such cases, we would not necessarily remove all your personal data from our database(s) but would note and respect your changed direct marketing preferences.
Obtaining Your Consent — Communication Preferences.
You may gain a lot of information about our products, services, and solutions without having to provide any personal data.
However, for certain services, information and events we may require and request certain personal data.
This information will enable us to provide you with additional relevant information or service and to use it for the other purposes described in this Policy or described specifically for the requested service, information or event.
We will then provide you with a link to this Policy.
We will request, where required by applicable laws, that you grant your explicit consent for our online, electronic direct marketing activities.
Where required, we will request that you grant your explicit consent for us to collect and use your personal data as explained in this Policy.
Such consent will be requested within the web form or hardcopy form used to collect your personal data and/or provided to you to confirm your registrations or preferences (for example, for offline activities, such as trade fairs, seminars, and other events).
In certain cases, we may also request you to confirm your consent through a link in a follow‐up email (double opt‐in).
Information Security — Cross‐border Transfers.
We have adopted reasonable, risk‐based, technical, and organizational measures, which seek to protect your personal data against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction.
Unfortunately, we cannot guarantee the security of any transmission of personal data over the Internet, via email or other electronic communication.
We also cannot guarantee the security of different methods of electronic storage.
Electronic communications such as via email are not secure unless they have been appropriately encrypted.
While we strive to protect such information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted or exchanged between us.
You therefore accept the inherent security implications of dealing online and through email and will not hold us responsible, unless a security breach incident has been caused by the specific gross negligence of BlueBotics, its subsidiaries or its agents.
Given the nature of our business, the information you provide to us may be stored in and transferred to countries that offer varied levels of data protection.
Often, the personal data we use under this Policy is on cloud applications and servers, which may be located around the globe.
Data storage and processing.
Personal data you have shared with us may be stored and processed by third parties for the purposes laid out in this policy.
For site performance improvements and analytics, your personal data (such as browser cookies and browsing behavior) may be processed by.
Google Analytics.
Google Search Console.
Google DataStudio.
For the purposes of marketing automation and email communication, your personal data (such as email address and name) may be processed by.
MailChimp.
Hubspot.
PieSync.
HighRise.
For the purposes of advertising and surveys, your personal data (such as browser cookies and browsing behavior) may be processed by.
Google Ads.
LinkedIn.
Facebook.
Twitter.
SurveyMonkey.
Avocet.
For the purposes of after-service support, your personal data (such as name, email, and company) may be processed by.
Freshdesk.
Data is anonymized wherever possible.
We cannot guarantee the security of third-party processors, although every care is taken, and you will be notified of any security breach.
If you have any questions about your data storage, please contact us using the details below.
Retention.
We retain your personal data in our active systems as long as you have accessed or used our Sites and services or have interacted with us online or offline over the past twelve months, and as long as we may need the information for the purposes described in this Policy.
Beyond this period, we archive your personal data in a secure environment or delete it.
If you don’t log on to one of our Sites for at least twelve or more months, you hereby agree that we may permanently delete your accounts and all the data associated with it.
We may retain and use your information for longer periods as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes and/or to execute and enforce our agreements.
Links to Other Websites.
Our Sites may contain links to other websites.
We are not responsible for the content, terms of service, security, and privacy practices of these other websites.
Your access and use of such links or websites remains solely at your own risk.
You should be aware of this when you leave our Sites and we encourage you to read the privacy statements on other websites you visit.
How to Access, Correct, or Delete Your Personal Data.
Under applicable privacy laws, you have certain rights in relation to the personal data we hold about you, such as rights of information about and access to your personal data, rights to rectify your personal data, rights to reject or restrict certain processing, rights to delete your personal data and rights to be forgotten.
You can request for the exercise of those rights by contacting us using the below Contact Us information or through the Contact Us form that is accessible at the top of each page within the bluebotics.
com domain.
Contact Us.
If you have questions regarding this Policy or our handling of your personal data, please contact us at Jordils 41B, CH‐1025 St‐Sulpice, Switzerland, phone number +41 21 694 02 90, or by filling out the form at bluebotics.
com/contact.
Changes to this Policy.
Please note that we may update or change this Policy from time to time.
When we do, we will revise the last updated notice at the bottom of the Policy.
If the changes are material, we will also provide a more prominent notice on our corporate website.
Regularly reviewing this page ensures that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we will share it with other parties.
Page last updated.
January 15, 2021.
About Us.
At BlueBotics we help companies meet the challenge of vehicle automation.
We provide the navigation technology and expert support they need to bring their AGV, automated forklift or mobile robot successfully to market.
A ZAPI GROUP COMPANY.
Explore ANT driven vehicles.
Contact Us.
+41 21 694 02 90.
Find Us.
Jordils 41B,CH-1025 St-Sulpice,Switzerland (map).
Newsletter.
Email*.
Privacy Policy.
Learn More.
Navigation.
Engineering.
References.
Company.
Support.
News.
Blog.
Webinar.
© 2022 BlueBotics.
Privacy Policy.
All Rights Reserved.
This website uses cookies.
Privacy Overview.
