|Dealer.
My Preferred Dealer.
Find a Dealer.
Dealer.
Dealer.
All vehicles.
Electrified.
SUVs.
Sedans.
Compacts.
Find a Dealer.
Build and Price.
Shop Inventory.
View Offers and Special Programs.
Shop Certified Used Vehicles.
Request a quote.
Payment Calculator.
Apply for Credit.
Estimated Trade-in Value.
Shop.
Shop Hyundai.
Find a Dealer.
Build & Price.
Search New Inventory.
Schedule a Test Drive.
Search Certified Used Vehicles.
Research.
Why Hyundai.
All Vehicles.
Compare our Vehicles.
America's Best Warranty.
Safety.
Technology.
Vehicle Brochures.
Buy.
Offers & Promotions.
Request a Quote.
Calculate Payment.
Apply for Credit.
Estimate Trade-in Value.
Owner.
Login to MyHyundai.
Make a Payment.
Schedule Service.
Owner's Manuals.
24/7 Roadside Assistance.
Bluelink® Multimedia/Map Updates.
shopper assurance logoArtboard 1It's car shopping made simple with Transparent Pricing and more.
Learn More.
shopper assurance logo.
It's car shopping made simple with Transparent Pricing and more.
owner assurance logoArtboard 1We have America's Best Warranty and more.
Learn More.
owner assurance logo.
We have America's Best Warranty and more.
Popular searches.
Lease.
Blue Link.
Test Drive.
Hybrid.
Sonata.
Tucson.
Warranty.
Kona.
Owners Manual.
Connected Care.
Veloster.
Service.
Need help.
Check out our Frequently Asked Questions.
Introducing Hyundai Shopper Assurance.
A whole new car buying experience designed to save you time and help make buying your new car as enjoyable as driving it.
Car Care Express.
Get in.
Get out.
Get back to your life.
Enjoy fast oil changes and more to help maintain your Hyundai.
Car Care Express is your best solution for quality and convenience for the following maintenance.
Hyundai Click to Buy.
The easy way to buy a Hyundai online, Hyundai Click to Buy makes shopping from  home fast and convenient.
Using your smartphone, tablet or computer, it gives you  the tools you need to get into your new Hyundai—whether you want to finance, lease  or pay cash—plus a whole lot more.
Shop from anywhere.
Trade in your vehicle online.
Take advantage of special offers.
Calculate your monthly payment.
Apply for credit.
Complete your paperwork online.
Transparent pricing.
Secure and convenient.
Have your Hyundai delivered to you.
IONIQ 5 Dealer.
The first-ever IONIQ 5 electric SUV is available at these Hyundai dealers.
They’re  also certified for IONIQ 5 service and maintenance.
Vehicle Technologies and Services Privacy Notice.
Effective Date.
December 2, 2021.
Your privacy is important to Hyundai Motor America (“HMA”) and its parent company and affiliates (“Hyundai” “we,” “us” or “our”), as is your trust in Hyundai’s products and services.
At Hyundai, we are continually developing technologies and services to make our vehicles safer, more environmentally friendly, more convenient and more fun to drive, and to provide other useful features and services to owners and drivers of Hyundai vehicles.
Some of these technologies and services collect, use or share information related to your Hyundai vehicle (your “Vehicle”).
This includes information collected, generated, recorded or stored by in-vehicle (“onboard”) systems, sensors, and equipment and information generated by your interaction with the technologies and services, such as remote service requests from your owner portal or the Blue Link app.
(“Vehicle Technologies and Services”).
PLEASE REVIEW THIS VEHICLE TECHNOLOGIES AND SERVICES PRIVACY NOTICE CAREFULLY.
WHEN YOU ACTIVATE, REGISTER FOR OR OTHERWISE ACCESS OR USE THE VEHICLE TECHNOLOGIES AND SERVICES, YOU CONSENT TO OUR RETRIEVAL OF INFORMATION FROM YOUR VEHICLE, AND OUR COLLECTION, USE AND SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION (INCLUDING DRIVING DATA AND GEOLOCATION DATA) AS DESCRIBED IN THIS NOTICE.
Scope and Purpose.
In this Hyundai Motor America Vehicle Technologies and Services Privacy Notice (the “Vehicle Technologies and Services Privacy Notice” or “Notice”), we describe how we collect, use and share the following types of information related to these Vehicle Technologies and Services (the “Covered Information”).
Information retrieved from a Vehicle or the Vehicle Technologies and Services by us or on our behalf, which is linked or reasonably linkable to that Vehicle , the owner of that Vehicle, or any registered user of the Vehicle Technologies and Services.
and.
Information provided by you during the subscription or registration process for Vehicle Technologies and Services.
This Notice is intended to supplement the Hyundai Motor America Privacy Policy (“HMA Privacy Policy”), with respect to our collection, use and disclosure of Covered Information.
For additional information about our information practices and your choices and rights regarding your personal information (including Covered Information), please review the HMA Privacy Policy.
Your access to or use of the Vehicle Technologies and Services and any dispute over privacy, is subject to the any applicable terms and conditions, including the Connected Services Agreement⁠ which is incorporated by reference into this Notice and includes applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes.
Please note that this Notice is not intended to apply to mobile applications or websites that we may make available to consumers that are not related to the Vehicle Technologies and Services.
Covered Information We CollectSources of Personal Information.
In general, we collect personal information directly from users of the Vehicle Technologies and Services, from third parties (such as dealers, platform providers, and others with whom we work with to make available certain of the Vehicle Technologies and Services), and automatically related to your use of the Vehicle Technologies and Services and your Vehicle.
We may also combine the Covered Information we collect with other personal information we collect about you.
Notices related to the collection of that other personal information will be found in the applicable privacy notice.
Categories of Personal Information.
Certain laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) require that we disclose the categories of personal information we collect.
We may collect the following categories of personal information (as set forth by CCPA) related to the Vehicle Technologies and Services.
identifiers, such as a real name, alias, address, VIN, IP address and online identifiers, email address, account name, SSN, driver’s license number and other government identifiers, or other unique personal identifiers.
customer records, such as payment information, credit card account number and related information.
commercial information, including records of products or services purchased or considered, records from usage of the Vehicle Technologies and Services, or other purchase or usage histories.
internet and other electronic network usage data, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and your interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
geolocation of your Vehicle or device.
audio, visual and other electronic data related to your Vehicle usage or interactions with us.
biometric information in the form of your fingerprint or facial template in order to allow you to enable and use this data to control access to your vehicle.
profiles, inferences and trends derived from the personal information we collect.
For more information about our collection, use and disclosure of these categories of personal information pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), please go to the Hyundai Motor America Privacy Policy.
Information Collected from You.
We may collect Covered Information directly from you, such as when you register for an account or communicate with us related to the Vehicle Technologies and Services.
Account, Registration, and Subscriptions.
When you register for Blue Link services or otherwise activate, subscribe to or register for certain Vehicle Technologies and Services, including Digital Key, we collect information that you provide us such as your name, email address, phone number, home or work address, and other contact information.
VIN and associated Vehicle data.
date of purchase.
billing information and subscription details and history, including for relevant third party subscriptions.
We also collect certain optional information you choose to provide to us, such as your user preferences, information about other approved drivers of your vehicle, demographic information, etc.
Customer Service and Support and Other Data.
When you email us, call us or otherwise contact us, we maintain records about our interactions and communications with you, including the nature of the request, your name and contact information, and information related to our resolution of your request.
Information Related to Vehicle Technologies and Services.
Your vehicle is equipped with various software, sensors, features and other technologies that may generate, store, transmit or permit the retrieval of information from a Vehicle, which includes information related to the performance, location, operation and use of your Vehicle and the Vehicle Technologies and Services.
Please note that not all Vehicles include technology that enables remote access to this data.
In addition, for Vehicles that do include connected vehicle technology, you may choose not to enable that remote collection and storage of the data if you do not register for Blue Link services.
However, temporary vehicle data collection may occur if you do not waive Vehicle Services at the time of purchase.
When Vehicle Services are available and enabled, we maintain information about your use of your Vehicle and the Vehicle Technologies and Services, including which features or services you activate, access and use, as well as.
Usage and Performance.
Information related to the use of your Vehicle and the Vehicle Technologies and Services, as well as Vehicle performance, diagnostic codes and service-related data.
This includes information such as odometer, mileage, MPG and emissions data.
tire pressure data.
trouble or error codes, and other diagnostic data.
service and maintenance history.
engine performance.
tire pressure data.
weather, temperature and other driving conditions.
fuel levels and refueling activity.
battery levels and status.
images from exterior cameras (if available).
Vehicle settings, commands and presets, points of interest, and other information about your use of certain features.
and other performance, mechanical and operational data.
as well as associated date/time stamps for such information.
Geolocation Data.
In providing the Vehicle Technologies and Services, we collect location information, including your Vehicle’s GPS location.
When you engage remote services using your mobile device, we also collect your mobile device location information.
Geolocation data may be associated with the other Covered Information we collect and access.
Driving Data.
We collect driving data about your Vehicle such as speed, acceleration and braking data.
direction of travel.
trip data (mileage, date, length, conditions).
ignition events.
steering events.
cruise control data.
seatbelt status.
information about Vehicle incidents or events.
other information about how you drive a Vehicle.
as well as associated date/time stamps for such information.
Biometric Data.
If you enroll in certain services, we may collect and process biometrics (e.
g.
, fingerprint or facial recognition) as part of certain features and services, such as digital key and other vehicle services that enable your access using your biometric access credentials, subject to your consent as required under applicable laws.
By setting your fingerprint and using the system, you consent to the collection, use, and storage of your data for the disclosed activities.
We will only use or share your data as needed for system use, maintenance, and storage.
Your fingerprint will be stored by the system until you delete it.
Stored data cannot be converted into a reconstruction of your biometric information.
App and Site Data.
When you access the Vehicle Technologies and Services via mobile apps, websites, and or other online services that we make available to you, we and our third party providers may use cookies, web beacons, log files, and other methods to collect information about your activities and use.
Please refer to the applicable privacy notice and/or cookie policies for those apps and websites to learn more about the collection and usage for that particular app or website.
Third Party Services.
Information we obtain about you from non-affiliated entities and service providers that provide certain features, functionality or other services as part of the Vehicle Technologies and Services, including information related to the performance and use of such third party services.
WE MAY COLLECT, USE AND DISCLOSE COVERED INFORMATION, INCLUDING DRIVING DATA AND GEOLOCATION DATA, FOR THE PURPOSES IDENTIFIED BELOW, INCLUDING TO PERSONALIZE THE VEHICLE TECHNOLOGIES AND SERVICES AND SEND MORE RELEVANT INFORMATION, OFFERS, ALERTS AND UPDATES.
Use of Covered InformationGenerally, we use the Covered Information (including personal information) for the following purposes.
Services and Support.
To provide, maintain and improve the Vehicle Technologies and Services and our other products and services.
to make available certain features and services, such as roadside assistance, remote start, and Vehicle alerts.
to authenticate users.
to process your payments.
to perform technical operations, such as updating software.
respond to a possible emergency or other situation requiring urgent attention.
to send you messages relating to the Vehicle Technologies and Services.
and for other customer service and support purposes.
Research and Analytics.
To better understand how users access and use our Vehicle Technologies and Services.
to evaluate and improve our Vehicle Technologies and Services.
to develop new features, products, or services.
for troubleshooting and maintenance.
for warranty, safety, quality and product improvement purposes.
and for other research and analytical purposes.
Marketing.
To communicate with you about your account and use of our Vehicle Technologies and Services via email and push notification, including to send you product updates.
to respond to your inquiries.
to provide you with news and newsletters, special offers, promotions, and other information we think may interest you, including information about third party products and services.
and for other informational, marketing, or promotional purposes.
Please see the Your Rights and Choices section for more information about how to change your communications preferences.
We may also send you notifications by text message if you have opted in to receive them.
Personalization.
To personalize the information and content we display to you, including marketing, promotional and sponsored content, as well as providing you with more relevant ads (if applicable).
Security and Protection.
To protect the safety, rights, property, or security of Hyundai, the Vehicle Technologies and Services, any third party, or the general public.
to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
to prevent or stop activity that we, in our sole discretion, consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, an illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity.
to use as evidence in litigation.
and to enforce this Notice or our Terms of Use.
Legal Compliance.
To comply with applicable legal or regulatory obligations, including as part of a judicial proceeding.
to respond to a subpoena, warrant, court order, or other legal process.
or as part of an investigation or request, whether formal or informal, from law enforcement or a governmental authority.
to communicate with you about recalls.
General Business Operations.
Where necessary for the administration of our general business, accounting, recordkeeping and legal functions, in connection with a transfer of our business or assets, or as part of our routine business administration, such as employee training, compliance auditing and similar internal activities.
Disclosure of Covered Information.
We disclose Covered Information as set out below.
Other than the cases below, we won’t disclose your Covered Information unless you consent in some way, including by your continued use after notice.
Affiliates, Vendors and Providers.
We share personal information with our vendors and others who we work with to make certain services available, such as.
Affiliates.
We may disclose Covered Information to our affiliates or subsidiaries.
however, if we do so, their use and disclosure of your personal information will be subject to this Notice.
Service Providers and Suppliers.
We may disclose Covered Information to third-party vendors, service providers, suppliers, contractors or agents who use such data in order to perform functions on our behalf.
Third Party Services.
Some of the Vehicle Technologies and Services are provided or supported by third parties who may collect and receive personal information about you as part of their provision of the particular feature, service or application, or in order to respond to a request you make via the Vehicle Technologies and Services.
Third party services include, for example, cellular data carriers, navigation and traffic services, and emergency services.
The use of your personal information by these third parties will be subject to their respective privacy policies and terms, and not this Notice.
Third Parties.
We may share Covered Information, including driving data and geolocation data, with authorized dealers and select third parties.
Dealers.
We may share certain Covered Information with dealers so that they and we may better respond to your requests, send your relevant and personalized offers and information, and respond to your requests.
Third party Offers.
If you click an offer or otherwise choose to take advantage of a third-party offer, we may share Covered Information, including personal information, with that partner to facilitate your interaction with them.
Other Drivers.
If you are a Vehicle owner and you permit another person to register a Vehicle Technologies and Services account for your Vehicle or if you permit another person to access and use your Vehicle Technologies and Services account or registered Vehicle, then you acknowledge and agree that such individuals may have access to Covered Information and that we may collect, use and disclose Covered Information associated with such individuals’ use of your Vehicle and the Connected Services.
Business and Operational Purposes.
In addition, we may disclose Covered Information in support of our business and operational purposes, including.
Business transfers.
Your information may be disclosed and transferred by us to another company as part of any merger, acquisition, financing, sale of company assets or interests in the respective company, or in the case of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, including during negotiations related to such business transfers.
Protecting rights and interests.
We may disclose your information to protect or defend the safety, rights, property, or security of Hyundai, third parties or the general public, including to protect the Vehicle Technologies and Services, to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, technical issues, or other activity which we, in our sole discretion, consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity.
We may also use Covered Information as evidence in litigation in which we are involved, and as necessary to enforce this Notice or our Connected Services Terms and Conditions and other applicable agreements with you.
Legal compliance.
We may disclose or make available Covered Information to comply with applicable legal or regulatory obligations, including as part of a judicial proceeding, in response to a subpoena, warrant, court order, or other legal process, or as part of an investigation or request, whether formal or informal, from law enforcement or a government official.
Aggregate and De-Identified Information.
We also may use and disclose aggregate, anonymous, or de-identified information about users for marketing, advertising, research, compliance, or other purposes, including select third parties who may use this data to better understand aggregate driving and traffic patterns, update maps and route details, analyze road conditions, and for other own research, development and analytics purposes.
Safeguards.
We have implemented safeguards to protect the Covered Information we collect.
However, the security of information transmitted through the Internet over telecommunications networks cannot be guaranteed.
We are not responsible for any interception or interruption of any communications through the Internet or telecommunication network or for changes to or losses of data as a result.
Users of our Vehicle Technologies and Services are responsible for maintaining the security of any password, user ID or other form of authentication involved in obtaining access to the Vehicle Technologies and Services and their account.
In order to protect you and your data, we may suspend your use of any of the Vehicle Technologies and Services, without notice, pending an investigation, if any security issue arises.
Access to and use of password protected and/or secure areas of any of the Vehicle Technologies and Services or your associated account are restricted to authorized users only.
Unauthorized access to such areas is prohibited and may lead to criminal prosecution or civil action.
Information About Children.
The Vehicle Technologies and Services are not directed at children and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 16.
Your Rights and Choices.
You have certain rights and choices regarding your Covered Information, as well as how we communicated with you related to the Vehicle Technologies and Services and other HMA products, services or offers.
For more information about your rights and choices please review the HMA Privacy Policy.
Opting-Out of Certain Communications.
Hyundai offers you the opportunity to opt-out from marketing communications from Hyundai, and to opt out of certain disclosures of personal information to third parties.
You may opt-out of marketing emails or manage your subscription preferences for emails from us at any time by using the unsubscribe mechanism within any marketing email we send to you.
Even if you opt out, we may still send you non-commercial emails, such as registration confirmation, Vehicle updates, and responses to direct requests.
If you wish to opt-out or request that we cease sending you commercial or other information via phone or postal mail, you may opt out by submitting a request at our Contact Us⁠ page.
You may also opt out of our sharing of your personal information (including Covered Information) with third parties for marketing purpose by submitting a request at our Contact Us⁠ page.
Reviewing, Updating and Deleting Your Information.
If you register for an account to access and use the Vehicle Technologies and Services, you can access and update certain information we have relating to your account within your account settings.
For Bluelink services, this can be done on the My Account page of Myhyundai.
com.
⁠ You may also update or delete your contact information by submitting a request at our Contact Us page.
Please note that we may maintain copies of information that you have updated, modified or deleted, as permitted, in our business records and in the normal course of our business operations.
Canceling Subscriptions.
You may cancel your subscription for Hyundai Bluelink services by calling Bluelink Customer Care at 855-2BlueLink.
If you cancel your subscription, most Vehicle Technologies and Services will not be available to you and all remote transmission of vehicle data will be stopped.
However, canceling your subscription does not “turn off” all collection of Covered Information by your Vehicle.
The onboard safety, diagnostic and other tools and systems may continue to generate, collect and store information so that we, our affiliates, our independent dealers and others who service your Vehicle can access performance, safety or diagnostic data to provide appropriate repair, maintenance and other safety-related services.
To cancel SiriusXM Radio, you must contact SiriusXM directly.
California Residents.
If you are a California resident, please be sure to review the HMA Privacy Policy for important information about your rights under California privacy laws and how to submit a request to us pursuant to these rights.
Updating this Notice.
Hyundai reserves the right to change this Notice at any time.
Hyundai will use, share, and disclose all personal and other user information in accordance with the Notice in effect at the time the information is collected.
We will post any changes to this Notice on this page so check back frequently so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
Continued interaction with us following changes to these terms will mean that you accept the changes.
How to Contact Us.
Please visit our Contact Us⁠ page.
Footer section.
Vehicles.
All Vehicles.
Electrified.
SUVs.
Sedans.
Compacts.
Performance.
All Wheel Drive.
Vehicle Reviews.
Vehicle Brochures.
Safety.
Technology.
Genesis.
Shopping Tools.
Shop Hyundai.
Find a Dealer.
Build & Price.
Offers & Promotions.
Request a Quote.
Search New Inventory.
Schedule a Test Drive.
Search Certified Used Vehicles.
Compare our Vehicles.
Compare to Competitors.
Calculate a Payment.
Estimate Trade-in Value.
Apply for Credit.
Why Hyundai.
Overview.
America's Best Warranty.
Shopper Assurance.
Owner Assurance.
Complimentary Maintenance.
Happy Drivers.
Philanthropy.
Made in America.
Build for Tomorrow.
Social Responsibility.
Owner.
Ownership Resources.
Login to MyHyundai.
Make a Payment.
Maintenance Schedules.
Schedule Service.
Bluelink® Multimedia/Map Updates.
Owners Manuals.
24/7 Roadside Assistance.
Bluelink®.
Accessories.
Merchandise & Apparel.
Safety Recalls.
Engine Recalls.
Theta Engine Settlement.
About.
Our Company.
COVID-19 Response.
Careers.
News.
Motorsports.
Auto Shows.
Awards & Accolades.
Contact Us.
Site Map.
FAQ's.
Accessibility.
Terms of Use.
Legal.
Privacy Portal.
Do Not Sell My Information.
Cookies Settings.
For disability accessibility concerns, please contact us at 1-800-633-5151 or |  Hyundai’s accessibility efforts are guided by WCAG 2.
0 AA.
Hyundai is a registered trademark of Hyundai Motor Company.
All rights reserved.
©2022 Hyundai Motor America .
Confirm your ZIP Code.
Please enter a valid ZIP code.
Please enter a ZIP Code for offers, inventory, and dealers near you.
Your location could not be detected.
Please enter a ZIP Code.
Please enter a valid ZIP Code.
