Products.
Services.
$US€EU £GB $CA ¥JP $AU.
Terms and Conditions.
General terms, disclaimers, copyright and privacy notices.
Website terms.
Website terms.
Cookies and privacy.
Cookies and privacy.
Disclaimer.
Disclaimer.
Copyright.
Copyright.
Cookies and Privacy Policy.
1.
This Cookies and Privacy Policy explains what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you while you visit our site.
DEFINITIONS.
“computer” includes any computer, tablet, phone or other device through which you can visit or view our site.
“hard drive” includes any permanent or temporary storage mechanism on a computer.
“site” means the site located at the address .
“us” means Blue Maestro Limited.
and.
“you” means the visitor or user of our site.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT.
2.
In running and maintaining our website we may collect and process the following data about you.
i.
Information about your use of our site including details of your visits such as pages viewed and the resources that you access.
Such information includes traffic data, location data and other communication data.
ii.
Information provided voluntarily by you.
For example, when you register for information or make a purchase.
iii.
Information that you provide when you communicate with us by any means.
USE OF COOKIES.
3.
Cookies provide information regarding the computer used by a visitor.
We may use cookies where appropriate to gather information about your computer in order to assist us in improving our website.
4.
We may gather information about your general internet use by using cookies.
Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer and stored on the computer’s hard drive.
Such information will not identify you personally.
It is statistical data.
This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever.
5.
You can adjust the settings on your computer to decline any cookies if you wish.
This can easily be done by activating the reject cookies setting on your computer.
We make no warranties or undertakings that certain areas of our website will be open to you or will function appropriately if you set your computer to reject cookies.
6.
Our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have no control.
Such cookies (if used) would be downloaded once you click on advertisements on our website.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION.
7.
We use the information that we collect from you to provide our goods or services to you.
In addition to this we may use the information for one or more of the following purposes.
i.
To provide information to you that you request from us relating to our products and services.
ii.
To provide information to you relating to other products or services that may be of interest to you.
Such additional information will only be provided where you have consented to receive such information.
or.
iii.
To inform you of any changes to our site, services or goods.
8.
If you have previously purchased goods or services from us we may provide to you details of similar goods or services, or other goods or services, that you may be interested in.
9.
Where your consent has been provided in advance we may allow selected third parties to use your data to enable them to provide you with information regarding unrelated goods and services which we believe may interest you.
Where such consent has been provided by you it can be withdrawn by you by written notice to us at any time.
STORING YOUR PERSONAL DATA.
10.
In operating our site it may become necessary to transfer data that we collect from you to locations outside of the European Union for processing and storing.
By providing your personal data to us, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.
We do our utmost to ensure that all reasonable steps are taken to make sure that your data is treated and stored securely.
11.
Unfortunately the sending of information via the internet is not totally secure and on occasion such information can be intercepted.
We cannot guarantee the security of data that you choose to send us electronically.
Sending such information is entirely at your own risk.
DISCLOSING YOUR INFORMATION.
12.
We will not disclose your personal information to any other party other than in accordance with the Cookies and Privacy Policy and in the circumstances detailed below.
i.
In the event that we sell any or all of our business to the buyer.
ii.
Where we are legally required by law to disclose your personal information.
iii.
To further fraud protection and reduce the risk of fraud.
THIRD PARTY LINKS.
13.
On occasion we include links to third parties or this website.
Where we provide a link it does not mean that we endorse or approve that site’s policy towards visitor privacy.
You should review their privacy policy before sending them any personal data.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION.
14.
In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 you have the right to access any information that we hold relating to you.
Please note that we reserve the right to charge a fee of £15 to cover costs incurred by us in providing you with the information.
UPDATING THIS POLICY.
15.
We reserve the right to update this Cookies and Privacy Policy by posting a new version on the site.
You should check this page Occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
CONTACTING US.
16.
Please do not hesitate to contact us regarding any matter relating to this Cookies and Privacy Policy at .
GOVERNING LAW.
17.
This Cookies and Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
Useful.
Checkout.
Cart.
App Showcase.
Case Studies.
Resources.
Support and Resources.
Articles and Guides.
Shipping Information.
Terms and Conditions.
Returns.
Contact.
Contact.
Cloud.
Features.
