Jump to navigation.
Service Menu.
Bosch USA.
Bosch Auto Parts.
Bosch EV Solutions.
Bosch Fixed Ops.
Bosch Performance.
Street Force Rewards.
Bosch Wheel Service.
OTC.
Robinair.
Actron.
PROProfessionalDiagnostics.
DIYDIYDiagnostics.
CDRCrash DataRetrieval.
Bosch Diagnostics.
Data Protection Notice Bosch Group.
Contact Information.
We may collect contact information which includes your full name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and where provided, your facsimile number.
Such contact information may be used, for example, to communicate with you with respect to products and services either offered or requested through the website.
Financial Information.
Depending on the nature of the products or services requested, we may also collect and retain certain financial information from you.
Log-in Information.
We may collect log-in information including log-in identification, passwords, and security questions and answers.
Site Usage Information.
When you visit our websites, our web server automatically records the name of your internet service provider, the website from which you visit us, the websites you actually visit and the date and length of your visit.
Bosch may use cookies and active components (e.
g.
JavaScript) to follow the preferences of our visitors and optimize our websites accordingly.
We may gather information regarding your activities, preferences and transaction data relating to your use of the website.
We may, from time to time, supply third parties with anonymous, collected or aggregated user data for the purpose of analysis, quality control and improvements to our websites.
Your name, address, telephone number, email address, and other pertinent contact information.
A description of the right that you believe is infringed or the injury that you believe is being caused.
A detailed description of where the allegedly infringing or injurious content or code is located.
A statement by you, with respect to the right or injury, that you have a good faith belief that the objectionable use is not authorized by either the owner of the asserted right, an agent of the owner, or by operation of law.
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the asserted right and/or an electronic or physical signature of the person (s) who claims injury.
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is correct and that you are the owner of the asserted right, or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner, or are an injured party.
and.
Any other information required for specific notice of the claim and allegedly infringing or injurious item.
Main menu.
Home.
ProductsProductsBosch OBD 1000Bosch OBD 1050Bosch OBD 1100Bosch OBD 1150Bosch OBD 1200Bosch OBD 1300Bosch OBD 1350Test and Tune.
Products.
Bosch OBD 1000.
Bosch OBD 1050.
Bosch OBD 1100.
Bosch OBD 1150.
Bosch OBD 1200.
Bosch OBD 1300.
Bosch OBD 1350.
Test and Tune.
Service & SupportContact UsVehicle Coverage ChartsCode LookupEngine Sensor GlossaryLiterature & ManualsInvent with BoschProduct Registration.
Contact Us.
Vehicle Coverage Charts.
Code Lookup.
Engine Sensor Glossary.
Literature & Manuals.
Invent with Bosch.
Product Registration.
Software Updates.
Where to Buy.
My Account.
About Us.
Privacy Policy.
Terms & Conditions.
Top of page.
Footer Menu.
About UsAbout UsPrivacy PolicyTerms & Conditions.
About Us.
Privacy Policy.
Terms & Conditions.
Invent with Bosch.
Manuals.
Terms & Conditions.
Data Protection Notice.
Imprint.
Contact Us.
