Mon, Sun.
ClosedTue - Sat.
10.
00am - 5.
00pm.
StoreStore.
StoreStore.
Shop Bikes ElectricElectricBikesBikesBikesMountainCommuter/UrbanFitnessHybridChildren'sBMX.
Electric.
Bikes.
Bikes.
Mountain.
Commuter/Urban.
Fitness.
Hybrid.
Children's.
BMX.
ServicesBike Service & RepairBike Trade-InTrek Financing.
Bike Service & Repair.
Bike Trade-In.
Trek Financing.
Elko Trails.
About Us.
Contact Us.
Our Privacy & Security Policy.
This Privacy Policy explains how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or shop with us online.
We are committed to respecting the privacy and security interests of all visitors to our website.
We are the sole owner of the information collected on this site.
We will not disclose, sell, share or rent this information to any other individual or entity except as disclosed in this statement.
Security.
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
All information sent to this site is protected by SSL session (https), the industry standard in protecting against disclosure to third parties.
Collection and Use of Personal, Non-Personal Data.
We reserve the right to log and analyze information gathered from a user’s visit to this website.
This information includes personal (name, email address) and non-personal (browsing patterns, number of site logins) data as outlined below.
Personal Data Collection and Use.
Personal data is collected when users provide information to us.
As an example, a user may request to be added to our email communications.
Additionally, when a user creates a new online account on this site, personal data, including, but not limited to, name, email address, and phone number are captured.
We use this information in a number of ways as part of normal business communications.
Personal data may also be used to communicate marketing or promotional information that we feel may be of interest to you.
As a user, you have the option to unsubscribe from marketing or promotional email communications at any time.
Non-Personal Data Collection and Use.
Non-personal data collected include your web usage patterns when you interact with this website.
We use tracking technologies to capture data that is intended to better understand how users interact with our website, measure the success of marketing campaigns, and to ensure that the user experience is optimized.
Tracking Technologies.
This website uses technologies like cookies, tags, scripts, and logs to capture details specific to your browsing patterns when you visit our website pages.
We use third-party analytics packages to make sense of this data and understand how users interact with our site.
None of the information collected is personally identifiable.
Analytics Software.
We use various analytics software which all operate similarly.
These applications are technology services that help us better understand your experiences on this website (e.
g.
how much time you spend on which pages, which links you choose to click, what you do and don’t like, etc.
) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback.
These services use cookies and other technologies to collect data on your behavior and your devices.
in particular device IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website.
They store this information in a pseudonymized user profile.
Neither they nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user.
Disclosure of User Data to Third Parties.
We do not share non-personal data, as described above, with third parties.
Third-Party Links.
This website contains links to other sites.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices of any other sites.
These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk.
Account.
We reserve the right, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, to discontinue user accounts and/or passwords for any reason whatsoever.
Periodic Updates.
Please check this page for periodic updates on our policies regarding any personal information you've provided to us via our website.
Thank you for visiting us online.
We appreciate the opportunity to serve you.
Bristlecone Bikes.
(775) 777-0800.
Directions & Hours.
Shop.
Bicycles.
Information.
About Us.
Contact Us.
Financing.
© 2022 Bristlecone Bikes  •  Store Policies  •  Privacy  •  Accessibility.
