camio.
camio.
SolutionsIndustry SolutionsBiotech and PharmaEducationFinancial ServicesFitnessReal EstateRetailTechnology SolutionsIT-Based VMS ReplacementUnauthorized Access DetectionMulti-Property MonitoringOccupancy InsightsCovid-19 Mitigation.
Industry Solutions.
Biotech and Pharma.
Education.
Financial Services.
Fitness.
Real Estate.
Retail.
Technology Solutions.
IT-Based VMS Replacement.
Unauthorized Access Detection.
Multi-Property Monitoring.
Occupancy Insights.
Covid-19 Mitigation.
ProductFeaturesPricingInformation SecurityTechnology.
Features.
Pricing.
Information Security.
Technology.
ResourcesCase StudiesVideos Help Articles Media Kit.
Case Studies.
Videos.
Help Articles.
Media Kit.
Company.
Partners.
Sign Up.
Sign In.
Sign Up.
Sign In.
Privacy Policy.
This privacy policy applies to all of the Services offered by Camiolog, Inc.
and describes how we treat personal information when you use Camiolog Services.
Please contact us with any privacy questions.
Information we collect and how we use it.
We may collect the following types of information.
Information you provide.
When you sign in to camio.
com using your Google or Facebook Account, we receive and store only your email address and user id.
When you sign in using Email, we store the information you enter in creating your Camio Account.
We use your email address to personalize your Camio experience in the way we address you (e.
g.
“Hello, or notify you of account updates or alerts (e.
g.
email, instant message).
When you make a payment for Camiolog Services, we store your payment amount, payment date, item number and user id to apply the payment received from your chosen method of payment.
If you authorize another user to view your Content, we store the email address of the guest you authorized, the type of authorization, the date of authorization, the date range of Content authorized for sharing, and the expiration date of that authorization.
If you invite friends by email to try Camio, we store the invitee's email address only to associate the invitee's sign-in with your invitation.
If you assign locations to your video streams, we store those assigned locations, along with their associated labels				and time zones to enable search and alerts by location and local time.
Your uploaded Content.
We store the Content you upload using Camiolog Services.
That Content is viewable only by you unless you explicitly authorize another user to view it.
Cookies.
We use browser “cookies” to collect information and improve our Services.
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your browser.
You can instruct your browser to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.
If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all aspects of the Service.
Log Information.
When you access Camiolog services via a browser, application or other client, our servers automatically record certain information.
These server logs may include information such as your web request, your interaction with a service, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, client operating system info, the date and time of your request, your browser’s timezone offset from Greenwich Mean Time and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your account.
User communications.
When you send email or other communications to Camiolog, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services.
We may use your email address to communicate with you about our services.
In addition to the above, we may use the information we collect to.
Provide, maintain, protect, and improve our services and develop new services.
and.
Protect the rights or property of Camiolog or our users.
If we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use.
Choices.
You can use camio.
com/me to review and control the information stored in your Camio Account.
We want you to be in control of your information, so we provide you with the following tools.
Download.
You can access your data right in our apps.
You can also use Download and Export to obtain a copy of data, so you can move it or store it wherever you want.
Because your privacy is important to us, we may ask you to verify your identity or provide additional information before we let you access or update your personal information.
We may also reject your request to access or update your personal information for a number of reasons, including, for example, that the request risks the privacy of other users or is unlawful.
Revoking permissions.
If you let us use your information, you can always change your mind and simply revoke your permission by changing the settings in our services or through your device if your device offers those options.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
Of course, some Camio features and services may not function properly if permissions are revoked or if your cookies are disabled.
Deletion.
While we hope you’ll remain a lifelong Camio user, if for some reason you ever want to delete your account, just go here to learn how.
You can also delete your content in the app, like video you’ve saved, Guests you've added, and links that you've shared.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
However, some Camiolog features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.
Information Sharing.
Camiolog only shares personal information with other companies or individuals outside of Camiolog in the following limited circumstances.
We have your consent.
We require explicit opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information like your Content.
We may use certain trusted third party companies to help us provide, analyze, and improve the Service (including but not limited to data storage, web analytics, and payment processing).
These third parties may have access to your information only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf and under obligations similar to those in this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
Learn more here.
We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Camiolog, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
If Camiolog becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will ensure the confidentiality of any personal information involved in such transactions and provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Information security.
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data.
These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data.
We restrict access to personal information to Camiolog employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it on our behalf.
These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
Information retention.
Camiolog retains your recorded video content for the period of time you choose.
The subscription plan you assign to each video stream controls that retention period.
Your video content will be automatically deleted by default from our servers after it is older than the retention period, unless you've requested that it be retained by saving it or sharing it.
We store other information for longer periods of time.
For example.
We store your basic account information—like your name and email address— until you ask us to delete them.
If you assign a location to your camera, we'll retain that location until the camera is deleted or until you remove the location from the camera.
If you invite a Guest to access your account, we'll retain records of that authorization until you remove the Guest.
We continually collect and update information about the video Events you might deem important or unimportant, so we can provide you with more relevant search results.
If you ever decide to stop using Camio, you can just ask us to delete your account.
Keep in mind that, while our systems are designed to carry out our deletion practices automatically, we cannot promise that deletion will occur within a specific timeframe.
There may be legal requirements to store your data and we may need to suspend those deletion practices if we receive valid legal process asking us to preserve content or if we receive reports of abuse or other Terms of Service violations.
Finally, we may also retain certain information in backup for a limited period of time or as required by law.
Users in the European Union.
If you’re a user in the European Union, you should know that Camiolog is the controller of your personal information.
Here is some additional information we would like to bring to your attention.
Bases for using your information.
Your country only allows us to use your personal information when certain conditions apply.
These conditions are called “legal bases” and, at Camiolog, we typically rely on one of four.
Contract.
One reason we might use your information is because you’ve entered into an agreement with us.
For example, when you buy a subscription and agree to our Pricing Terms, we need to use some of your information to collect payment.
Legitimate interest.
Another reason we might use your information is because we have—or a third party has—a legitimate interest in doing so.
For example, we need to use your information to provide and improve our services, including protecting your account, delivering your video search results, and providing customer support.
An important point to understand about legitimate interest is that our interests don’t outweigh your right to privacy, so we only rely on legitimate interest when we think the way we are using your data doesn’t significantly impact your privacy or would be expected by you, or there is a compelling reason to do so.
Consent.
In some cases we’ll ask for consent to use your information for specific purposes.
If we do, we’ll make sure you can revoke your consent in our services or through your device permissions.
Even if we’re not relying on consent to use your information, we may ask you for permission to access data like the location of your cameras.
Legal obligation.
We may be required to use your personal information to comply with the law, like when we respond to valid legal process or need to take action to protect our users.
Your right to object.
International transfers.
We may collect your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and process it in the United States and other countries outside of where you live.
Whenever we share information of EU users outside the EU we make sure an adequate transfer mechanism is in place.
For internal transfers, we rely on Model Contractual Clauses or the EU-U.
S.
and Swiss-U.
S.
Privacy Shield, which you can read more about here.
You can find more information on the categories of third parties we share information with here.
Complaints.
If you’re based in the EU, you can always file a complaint with the supervisory authority in your Member State.
For example, if you’re based in the UK you can file a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Children.
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13.
If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information through our services.
We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personal information through the services without their permission.
If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us through the services, please contact us, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete that information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy.
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time.
We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent.
We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
Last modified.
May 23, 2018.
Already have an account.
Sign In.
Your use of Camio is agreement to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Help.
Careers.
Company.
Blog.
Contact.
© 2022 Camiolog, Inc.
·				Privacy Policy				·				Terms of Service.
