Phone.
1-343-700-3427.
GROW.
ACHIEVE.
ACCELERATE.
About Us.
ServicesBrand Optimization StrategiesFeasibility StudiesIntellectual Property StrategiesGeographical Indications StrategiesProject StrategiesIntellectual Property AuditsEvent PlanningResearchIntellectual Property TrainingInternational Music Copyright CourseIntellectual Property Essentials for Fashion-based BusinessesFood-based Geographical Indications for Farmers and Producers – CourseDeveloping Product Specifications for Geographical Indications – CourseNation-Branding.
Brand Optimization Strategies.
Feasibility Studies.
Intellectual Property Strategies.
Geographical Indications Strategies.
Project Strategies.
Intellectual Property Audits.
Event Planning.
Research.
Intellectual Property TrainingInternational Music Copyright CourseIntellectual Property Essentials for Fashion-based BusinessesFood-based Geographical Indications for Farmers and Producers – CourseDeveloping Product Specifications for Geographical Indications – Course.
International Music Copyright Course.
Intellectual Property Essentials for Fashion-based Businesses.
Food-based Geographical Indications for Farmers and Producers – Course.
Developing Product Specifications for Geographical Indications – Course.
Nation-Branding.
Short Articles.
Online CoursesOnline Course Registration.
Online Course Registration.
Events.
Clients.
Privacy Policy.
Contact Us.
Privacy Policy.
Who we are.
Our website address is.
.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it.
Contact forms.
When you fill out a contact form on Canaan Bridges Consulting website, your information is submitted to us (email address and name).
We use this information to contact you in regards to your query or comment concerning the specific service which you have an interest in.
We use it for no other purpose.
Your information is not shared with any third party and is handled only by Canaan Bridges Consulting personnel on a need to know basis.
Cookies.
If a webpage on our website allows you to leave a comment,  you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies.
These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment.
These cookies will last for one year.
Analytics.
Who we share your data with.
Your information is not shared with any party or entity outside of Canaan Bridges Consulting.
How long we retain your data.
If a page allows you to leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely.
This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
What rights you have over your data.
If you have left comments on this website, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us.
You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you.
This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data.
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information.
Your contact information is kept strictly private and confidential and is not shared with any party or entity outside of Canaan Bridges Consulting, unless otherwise requested by the law, such as under the Criminal Code.
Additional information.
How we protect your data.
Data shared with Canaan Bridges Consulting is kept confidential and is only shared with relevant Canaan Bridges Consulting employees for the purpose of doing work for you, or for responding to your queries.
Your data is securely stored offline and accessible only by authorized personnel of Canaan Bridges Consulting.
We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to  safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security,  and correctly use the information we collect online.
Canaan Bridges Consulting applies  security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information,  such as retaining information in secure facilities and making personal  information accessible only to authorized employees on a need-to-know  basis.
ACCEPTANCE OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
By using the Canaan Bridges Consulting website,  you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy, and you adhere  to the terms and conditions posted on the website.
By submitting your  information, you agree that it will be governed by our Privacy Policy.
Recent Posts.
Copyright Interests and the Beijing Treaty.
Protected.
J’ouvert and Cultural Expressions.
Limits of Intellectual Property Right Mechanisms.
Pros and Cons of Smart Contracts Use in Blockchain Technologies.
How to Brand Where You Live.
Women Economic Empowerment Workshop.
Report.
Free Trade Agreements and Source Code.
What Gives.
Geographical Indications or Trademarks.
Food Strategy Considerations.
Should Plant Breeder’s Rights be Part of Your IP Portfolio.
Sustainable Trade in Foods.
Foods, Trade and Supply Chain Dynamics.
Creators as Innovators Webinar – Sept.
23rd.
Canada’s Creative Futures – Podcast Episode.
Indigenous Peoples, Culture and Intellectual Property Management – Maori Arts, New Zealand.
Culture and Geography’s role in the Visual Arts.
Emerging Voices Perspectives.
Building Public-Private Partnerships to support resilience in Creative & Cultural Industries.
Episode Two (Podcast).
Actors & Interests in Creative and Cultural Industries.
Re-orientating Resilience (the Podcast).
Stakeholders & Interests in Cultural and Creative Industries.
Framing the Conversation.
Cultural and Creative Industries.
Re-orientating Resilience.
Monetizing and Managing Your Brand (Canaan Bridges Consulting Inc.
& BEDC Partnership).
The Global Fashion Industry and Intellectual Property Protection.
Reconciling the Bitter-Sweet Relationship.
Does intellectual property have a role in start up ventures.
GIs in Canada – Webinar.
Archives.
Search.
Browse by Pages.
About Us.
Brand Optimization Strategies.
Canaan Bridges Quarterly.
Clients.
Contact Us.
Conversations About the Creative Economy.
Developing Product Specifications for Geographical Indications - Course.
Event Planning.
Events.
Food-based Geographical Indications for Farmers and Producers - Course.
GROW.
ACHIEVE.
ACCELERATE.
Intellectual Property Audits.
Intellectual Property Data Accelerator Project.
Intellectual Property Essentials for Fashion-based Businesses.
Intellectual Property Strategies.
Intellectual Property, International Trade and Technology Podcast.
International Music Copyright Course.
Online Course Registration.
Online Courses.
Pricing.
Privacy Policy.
Project Strategies.
Registration Page.
Related Articles - Creative Economies.
Research.
ServicesFeasibility StudiesIntellectual Property TrainingGeographical Indications StrategiesNation-Branding.
Feasibility Studies.
Intellectual Property Training.
Geographical Indications Strategies.
Nation-Branding.
Short Articles.
Trademark and Copyright Law Essentials for Entrepreneurs on Digital Platforms.
Workshops.
Creative Industries.
Podcast episode.
Canaan Bridges Consulting Inc.
All Rights Reserved 2019.
