Home.
Product.
Documentation.
Use cases.
Testimonial.
Pricing.
Contact.
LanguagesFrançais.
Français.
Home.
Product.
Documentation.
Use cases.
Testimonial.
Pricing.
Contact.
LanguagesFrançais.
Français.
Home.
Product.
Documentation.
Use cases.
Testimonial.
Pricing.
Contact.
LanguagesFrançais.
Français.
STMicroelectronics’ corporate Privacy Statement (“Privacy Statement”).
Last Updated.
November 5, 2020.
This Privacy Statement details the privacy practices of STMicroelectronics International N.
V.
and its group companies (to facilitate the reading we refer to us in this document as “ST”, “we”, “us”, and “our”) in connection with our print, digital events, live event, products and services, including  associated webpages (e.
g.
, eCommerce website), other websites or portals we own and operate.
newsletters and other content we provide.
live event we host, and any other site or service that posts or links to the Privacy Statement (to facilitate the reading we collectively refer to all of items as “Services”).
Please note that our Privacy Statement does not govern or apply to information collected or used by ST through other means (e.
g.
, mobile application).
It is important for you (we use “you”, “your” to refer to you as the individual interacting with our Services) to understand that by using our Services, you are accepting the practices described in our Privacy Statement.
Consequently, if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement, please do not use our Services.
We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of our Privacy Statement at any time.
If we do so, we will post the modify or amended Privacy Statement in our websites and you will be notified via a message on our websites.
Any changes to this Privacy Statement will become effective as of the date that appears at the very beginning of this document in the section “Last Updated”.
Thus, your continued use of our Services following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
Our Services are under constant development.
This Privacy Statement may therefore be modified and updated on an ongoing basis.
Please check back to it regularly.
Table of Contents.
WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION.
ONLINE TRACKING.
THIRD PARTIES.
PRIVACY CHOICES.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR USER IN CALIFORNIA AND NEVADA.
YOUR RIGHTS.
USERS IN THE EEA AND SWITZERLAND.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY.
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION.
CONTACT US.
1.
WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED.
Information You Provide to Us.
There are a number of circumstances in which you provide (by email, telephone, face to face, in paper form and via our website and digital applications) us with personal information in connection with the Services, which include.
Contact data, such as your personal or business contact information such as your name, e-mail address, street address and phone number, when you (a) purchase, request product samples, download software, digital applications, (b) engage via the Services with a sales representative, we collect your name and contact data along with the information about your organization to support that engagement, (c) interact with a support professional, we collect device and usage data or error reports to diagnose and resolve problems, and (d) you engage with us for professional services, we collect your name and contact data.
Registration data, such as information you provide when you register for any of our Services or when you register via the Services to our events (live or virtual).
Marketing data, such as information related to your preferences for receiving communications, subscribing to our publications, newsletters and other content, completing surveys, participating in market research, and entering a contest, sweepstakes, or game relating to the Services.
Communications, such as information you provide when you send us an email, pitch, submit content or post a comment, request for information, or otherwise correspond with us.
Demographic information, such as your city, state, country of residence, postal code, gender and age.
Profile information, such as your username and password that you may set to establish an online account with us, your photograph, interests, social medial account ID and preferences.
Content you choose to upload to the Services, such as text, images, audio, and video, along with the metadata associated with the files you upload.
Transaction data, such as your order history, products and services (if applicable) you have purchased via our website(s) for instance, or when downloading our software, and information needed to process and fulfill your order, including your order details and delivery address.
Other information that we may collect which is not specifically listed here, but which we will use in accordance with this Privacy Statement or as otherwise disclosed at the time of collection.
Information We Automatically Collect About Your Use of the Services.
We, directly or indirectly with the assistance of our service providers, may automatically collect log files.
Log files are a raw, unfiltered look at traffic to the Services.
Here is the type of information that could be collected and made available when you visit our Services.
Device information.
We may collect device identifiers and settings such as your computer or mobile device model, IP address, other unique device identifiers, operating system version, browser type, language, device type and settings.
Usage information.
We may collect information about the Services you use, the time, date, and duration of your use of the Services, your interaction with content offered through the Services, site engagement, search terms used, our referring website, browsing and search history, site and advertisement interactions, and software crash reports.
We also collect information using cookies, and similar technologies set on your device.
Our servers may automatically keep an activity log of your use of the Services.
Location information.
We collect and store your device’s source IP address, which may disclose the general location of your device at the time you access the Services.
Advertisements and certain content may be directed to you based on this data.
Information from Third Parties.
To help keep our databases current and to provide you with the most relevant content and experiences, we may combine information provided by you with information from third party sources, in accordance with applicable law.
For example, the size, industry, and other information about the company you work for will be obtained from sources including professional networking sites, business databases and registries, and other information we are able to obtain from our service providers.
Our processing of personal data for these purposes includes both automated and manual (human) methods of processing.
For instance.
Information from social media websites.
When you interact with us on a social media platform, such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or LinkedIn, or otherwise connect your account on the third-party platform or network to your account through our Services, we may collect information about you available from that page or platform or that you make available to us on that page or account.
Information from commercially available sources.
We may collect certain information about you from the third parties, including business partners (such as advertising, event or webinars organizers, event or webinars partners, and joint marketing partners) data providers (such as information services and data licensors).
2.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.
We use your information for the following purposes and as otherwise described at the time of collection.
Providing the Services.
To provide you with our Services.
We may also use your information to technically establish and maintain the Services, provide support, enable and support security features, communicate with you about the Services, and provide information about our Services.
Providing Customer Support Services.
We may use your information to provide customer support to you.
Performance of a contract.
We may process your information because it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract.
Contacting and Communicating with You about our Services.
We may contact or communicate with you (by email, phone, chat, or other medium) concerning.
information about your account.
editorial newsletters and content.
invitations to events.
offers or announcements about our products or features.
communications about your comments or information submissions.
online surveys.
legal notices, updates of our Privacy Statement, and other important information about the Services.
All editorial and commercial email messages include instructions for unsubscribing from such future communications.
Content and Advertising Analytics.
We may use your information to help us better understand your use of, and our delivery of, the Services.
For example, your selection of the content offered by our Services optimize our Services and its performance.
Facilitating Social Media Engagement.
We may use your information, including information provided to us by social media platforms, to enable you to log into the Services with a social media service or connect a social media account with the Services, as well to enable you to interact with our account on a social media platform.
We may use your information to help us determine which content to deliver to you on those social media platforms.
To use the services of our distributors.
We use your information as part of our business relationship with our distributors with whom we have entered into a contract to distribute and sell certain of our products.
The paragraph 3 below provides you with additional information on the usage of your information with our distributors.
Learning about Our Users and Services.
We conduct research on your demographics, interests and behavior, including performing statistical analysis, and more generally your use of the Services.
We do this to optimize and improve the Services.
Debugging.
We may use your information to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality of our Services.
To Aggregate Data or Create Anonymous Data.
We may create aggregated, de-identified or other anonymous data records from your personal information and other individuals whose personal information we collect.
We make personal information into anonymous data by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you.
We may use this anonymous data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze and improve the Service and promote our business.
Information Security.
We may use your information (i) to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and to prosecute those responsible for that activity, (ii) to reduce errors in our database, authenticate our users, and prevent abuse of our system, we may on occasion supplement your information you submit to us with information from third-party sources.
Protecting Our Rights, Protecting Others’ Rights and Safety, and Fraud Prevention.
We may use your personal information as we believe is necessary to detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or may be fraudulent or illegal.
to protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of ST, its employees, agents, or users.
We may also use your personal information to ensure compliance with this Privacy Statement, with the terms and conditions that govern use of our respective websites, and any other terms of use to which you may agree in the course of using our Services.
Compliance with Law.
We may use your information as required by law, to comply with our legal obligations, including Know-Your-Customer (KYC) and anti-money laundering checks and tax reporting, for national security or defense.
public safety.
the prevention, investigation, detection, or prosecution of criminal offences or of breaches of ethics for regulated professions.
or the protection of any individual, or the rights and freedoms of individuals, or if we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law or legal process.
Archive purpose.
Information no longer necessary to achieve the purposes for which the information was originally collected, or that is no longer used for general business activities but are potentially used only for historical, scientific, or statistical purposes, dispute resolution, or investigations.
Access to an archive is limited to system administrators and others whose jobs specifically require access to the archive.
3.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION.
Our group of companies.
Your personal information is being shared among the legal entities composing the ST corporate group, for purposes consistent with this Privacy Statement.
Third-Party Service Providers.
Third party agents and vendors perform functions on our behalf, including, but not limited to, marketing, analytics, and customer service.
These entities may be granted access to your personal information if needed to perform their functions.
They are restricted from using, selling, distributing or altering your personal information in any way other than to provide the requested services to us.
Social Media Services.
If you log into the Services with a social media service or if you connect a social media account with the Services, we may share information about you or your activities on that social media service, including what you view on our websites and applications, with that social media service and/or its users.
Social media services will use that information based on their own privacy policies.
If you do not want your information shared in this way, do not connect your social media service account with our Services.
Distributors.
As we deemed appropriate, we share your personal information with legal entities that distribute and sell our products and solutions.
You can access a list of our distributors here.
The purpose of the sharing of your personal information is for the distributors to contact you to assess your interest in purchasing our products and solutions, and to sell our products and solutions.
You want to make it clear that they cannot use the information we share with them to sell other products and solutions.
When using your information, they have to comply with the applicable personal data protection laws.
Business Transferees.
We may sell, transfer, or otherwise share some or all of your personal information in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Law Enforcement, Legal Process, and Emergency Situations.
In some cases, we may use or disclose your personal information to a third party if we are required to do so by law or if we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law or legal process.
to protect and defend our rights or to prevent misuse of our Services.
or to protect the personal safety of our employees, agents, partners, the users of the Services, or the public.
Professional Advisors.
We may disclose your personal information to professional advisors, such as lawyers, bankers, auditors, and insurers, where necessary (we implement a process to make sure the sharing is necessary) in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
With Your Consent or At Your Direction.
In addition to the sharing described in this Privacy Statement, we may share your information with third parties whenever you consent to such sharing.
4.
ONLINE TRACKING.
When you use our Services, we and our third party partners (which provide content, advertising, functionality, measurements, or analytics for our Services) may use cookies, SDKs, web beacons, and other similar technologies to track your use of the Services.
For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit our cookie policy.
The Services may contain links to (i) other websites, mobile applications, and other online services operated by third parties, and (ii) other websites, mobile applications, and online services operated by third parties may contain links to our Services.
These links are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party.
In addition, our content may be included on web pages or in mobile applications or online services that are not associated with us.
We do not control third party websites, mobile applications, or online services, and we are not responsible for their actions of their privacy practices.
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of these other websites, mobile applications and online services.
We rely on third parties to provide many features of our Services using data about your use of our Services.
These third parties may use cookies, web beacons, or other technologies to collect and process your personal information for the purposes of information storage and access.
personalization of our Services.
measurement of and analytics regarding the use of our Services.
content selection, delivery, and reporting.
and advertising selection, targeting, delivery, and reporting.
For instance, third party analytics services use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies to collect information such as your IP address, time of visit, whether you are a return visitor, and any referring website, in order to help us analyze how users interact with and use the Services, compile reports on the Services’ activity, and provide other data and insights related to the Services’ usage.
We also allow our third party partners, third party ad serving networks, and unaffiliated advertisers (collectively, “Advertisers”) to use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies to provide ads about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
Advertisers may place a separate cookie on your computer, mobile device, or browser, or utilize other data collection and tracking technologies, to collect information such as your IP address, browser type, server being used, area code and zip code associated with your server, and whether you respond to particular ads.
Advertisers may use this information to provide interest-based advertising or other targeted content.
In general, the information collected and generated by third parties is processed and stored by the third parties and will be subject to their respective privacy practices (which we do not control and for which we are not responsible).
Our Services may include interactive features (such as community forums) that allow you to disclose personal information directly to others.
Your participation in any such forum is completely voluntary and should correlate with the degree of interaction you want to have with other users.
Please note that any personal information you disclose on such forums will generally be publicly accessible.
6.
PRIVACY CHOICES.
There are a number of ways to opt out of having your online activity and device data collected by third parties, which we have summarized in here.
We hope you find this information to be a helpful reference.
One more point, some Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit.
We currently do not respond to “Do Not Track” or similar signals.
7.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR USERS IN CALIFORNIA AND NEVADA.
This section applies only to California residents.
This link California Residents describes how we collect, use and share Personal Information of California residents in operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information.
For purposes of this section, “Personal Information” has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) but does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA.
This section applies only to Nevada residents.
We collect personal information from you in the course of providing the Services.
Unless otherwise stated, we do not sell any Covered Information, as defined under Nevada law (S.
B.
220).
If you are a California resident, please click here to exercise your rights.
If the data privacy laws of your jurisdiction entitled you the right to access and rectify and to request erasure of personal information.
To exercise these rights, please click this hyperlink Exercise Your Rights and proceed as explained.
9.
USERS IN THE EEA AND SWITZERLAND.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland, the following information applies with respect to personal data collected through your use of our Services.
Purposes of processing and legal basis for processing.
We process personal data consistent with our disclosures in this Privacy Policy.
We process personal data on the following legal bases.
(1) with your consent.
(2) as necessary to perform our agreement to provide Services (such as when you become a subscriber to our newsletter).
and (3) as necessary for our legitimate interests in providing the Services where our internal privacy practices demonstrate that those interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedoms related to data privacy.
Transfers.
Personal data we collect may be processed in any country in which ST maintain facilities.
We will ensure that transfers of personal data to a third country are subject to appropriate safeguards.
Your Rights.
You are entitled to the rights under Chapter III of the EU General Data Protection Regulation or Section 2 of the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection with respect to the processing of your personal data, which include the right to access and rectify and to request erasure of personal data.
To exercise your rights please revert to the terms in section 8 above.
The Services are not intended for children under 13 years of age.
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 16 and we do not target the Services to children under the age of 16.
If you are under 16 years of age, do not provide personal information to ST without providing us with consent from your parents.
If we discover that a child under the age of 16 has provided us with personal information and we do not have parental consent, we will delete that child’s information as soon as reasonably practicable.
If you believe that company has been provided with the personal information of a child under the age of 16 without parental consent, please notify us immediately at .
11.
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION.
How Your Information Is Secured.
The security of your personal information is important to us.
We employ a number of organizational, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information we collect.
However, security risk is inherent in all internet and information technologies and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.
You need to help protect the privacy of your own information.
You must take precautions to protect the security of any personal information that you may transmit over any home networks, wireless routers, wireless (WiFi) networks or similar devices by using encryption and other techniques to prevent unauthorized persons from intercepting or receiving any of your personal information.
You are responsible for the security of your information when using unencrypted, open access or otherwise unsecured networks (such as the internet).
How Long Your Information Is Stored.
The time period for which we keep your information varies according to the purpose for which it is used for.
In some cases, there are legal requirements to keep data for a minimum period.
Unless there is a specific legal requirement for us to keep the information, we will retain it for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the data was collected or for which it is to be further processed.
Emails and Newsletters.
You may always opt-out of receiving future e-mail marketing messages and newsletters from ST by following the instructions contained within the emails and newsletters, or by e-mailing, or writing us at the addresses in Section 12 below, or via your account setting.
Entities Collecting Information.
STMicroelectronics International N.
V.
is the data controller.
STMicroelectronics N.
V.
located at WTC Schiphol Airport Schiphol Boulevard 265 1118 BH Schiphol, The Netherlands is our data protection representative for the European Economic Area and Switzerland.
12.
CONTACT US.
If you have questions about our Privacy Statement, please contact us.
Via email at .
Via regular mailATTN.
Head of Global PrivacySTMicroelectronics39, Chemin du Champ des Filles1228 Plan-Les-Ouates – Geneva – Switzerland.
NAVIGATION.
Testimonial.
Product.
Dev Zone.
Download NanoEdge.
About us.
Pricing.
Contact.
FOLLOW US.
stmICROELECTRONICS.
CONTACT.
Contact.
.
NAVIGATION.
Testimonial.
Product.
Dev Zone.
Download NanoEdge.
About us.
Pricing.
Contact.
FOLLOW US.
CARTESIAM.
stmICROELECTRONICS.
CONTACT.
Contact.
.
All rights reserved © 2016 – 2021 STMicroelectronics  |    Terms of use  |  Trademarks  |  Privacy Portal.
