Home.
About.
Pricing.
Testimonials.
Contact.
Cirra Systems Privacy Policy.
We at Cirra Systems know you value your privacy.
That is why we are committed to the confidentiality and security of your personal information.
Because we endeavor to earn and keep your trust, we have long- standing privacy policies, robust training, and are dedicated to protecting privacy.
We also maintain physical, administrative, and technical safeguards to protect your personal information from unauthorized access.
Even if you are no longer a Cirra Systems customer, we protect the confidentiality of your personal information as if you were.
Marketing.
While other companies may sell or rent your contact information, Cirra Systems never sells or rents your personal information for marketing purposes.
If you want Cirra Systems to share your personal information with a nonaffiliated third party so the third party can market to you, you must give us your express permission.
Your Personal Information.
We collect personal information such as your name, contact information and the names and contact information of your employees.
We use this information to provide access to our restaurant management services and to conduct restaurant transactions.
You may receive a copy of your personal information by contacting us at the phone number or address below.
We will not disclose your personal information unless we are permitted or required by law or you give your permission.
As permitted or required by law, we may provide personal information to our affiliates, consultants, or regulatory and governmental authorities.
We obligate entities receiving this information on our behalf to protect it in the same way that we protect it.
Changes to Our Practices.
This page will always reflect the most up to date privacy policy.
You may want to check it often.
We may make periodic changes to this policy, with or without notice to You.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions about our privacy program, you may contact us at our listed phone number or writing to us at our published address.
