What China’s new data privacy law means for US tech firms.
China enacted a sweeping new data privacy law on August 20 that will dramatically impact how tech companies can operate in the country.
Officially called the Personal Information Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (PIPL), the law is the first national data privacy statute passed in China.
Modeled after the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation, the PIPL imposes protections and restrictions on data collection and transfer that companies both inside and outside of China will need to address.
It is particularly focused on apps using personal information to target consumers or offer them different prices on products and services, and preventing the transfer of personal information to other countries with fewer protections for security.
The PIPL, slated to take effect on November 1, 2021, does not give companies a lot of time to prepare.
Those that already follow GDPR practices, particularly if they’ve implemented it globally, will have an easier time complying with China’s new requirements.
But firms that have not implemented GDPR practices will need to consider adopting a similar approach.
In addition, U.
S.
companies will need to consider the new restrictions on the transfer of personal information from China to the U.
S.
Here’s a deep dive into the PIPL and what it means for tech firms.
New data handling requirements.
The PIPL introduces perhaps the most stringent set of requirements and protections for data privacy in the world (this includes special requirements relating to processing personal information by governmental agencies that will not be addressed here).
The law broadly relates to all kinds of information, recorded by electronic or other means, related to identified or identifiable natural persons, but excludes anonymized information.
The following are some of the key new requirements for handling people’s personal information in China that will affect tech businesses.
Extra-territorial application of the China law.
Historically, China regulations have only been applied to activities inside the country.
The PIPL is similar in applying the law to personal information handling activities within Chinese borders.
However, similar to GDPR, it also expands its application to the handling of personal information outside China if the following conditions are met.
Where the purpose is to provide products or services to people inside China.
Where analyzing or assessing activities of people inside China.
Other circumstances provided in laws or administrative regulations.
For example, if you are a U.
S.
-based company selling products to consumers in China, you may be subject to the China data privacy law even if you do not have a facility or operations there.
Data handling principles.
The PIPL introduces principles of transparency, purpose and data minimization.
Companies can only collect personal information for a clear, reasonable and disclosed purpose, and to the smallest scope for realizing the purpose, and retain the data only for the period necessary to fulfill that purpose.
Any information handler is also required to ensure the accuracy and completeness of the data it handles to avoid any negative impact on personal rights and interests.
