Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers the information we collect about you when you use our products or services.
This policy also explains your choices about how we use information about you.
Your choices include how you can object to certain uses of information about you and how you can access and update certain information about you.
If you do not agree with this policy, do not access or use our Services or interact with any other aspect of our business.
When we refer to "Circuit Routing Limited," "we," or "us" in this policy, we mean Circuit Routing Limited Solutions Inc.
, which controls the information Circuit Routing Limited collects when you use the Services.
We refer to all of products and services offered by Circuit Routing Limited as "Services" in this policy.
What information we collect about you.
We collect information about you when you provide it to us, when you use our Services, and when other sources provide it to us, as further described below.
Information you provide to us.
We collect information about you when you input it into the Services or otherwise provide it directly to us.
Account Information.
We collect information about you when you register for an account through the Service.
For example, you provide your contact and information when registering an account.
Information about your customers and drivers.
When using our Services you also provide information about your customer and drivers, such as their contact information and where they are located.
For example, when you are planning routes you tell us who your customers are and where you deliver to them.
You also provide contact and location information on your drivers making the deliveries.
Payment Information.
We collect certain payment and billing information when you register for certain paid Services.
For example, we may ask you to designate a billing representative, including name and contact information.
You might also provide payment information, such as payment card details, which we collect via secure payment processing services.
Information we collect automatically when you use the Services.
We collect information about you when you use our Services, including browsing our websites and taking certain actions within the Services.
Your use of the Services.
We keep track of certain information about you when you visit and interact with any of our Services.
This information includes the features you use and how you interact with our Services.
Device and Connection Information.
We collect information about your computer, phone, tablet, or other devices you use to access the Services.
This device information includes your connection type and settings when you install, access, update, or use our Services.
We also collect information through your device about your operating system, browser type, IP address, URLs of referring/exit pages, device identifiers, and crash data.
We use your IP address and/or country preference in order to approximate your location to provide you with a better Service experience.
How much of this information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access the Services.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
Circuit Routing Limited may use cookies and other tracking technologies (e.
g.
, web beacons, device identifiers and pixels) to provide functionality and to recognize you across different Services and devices.
You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
Note that if you do so some parts of our Services may not function properly.
How we use information we collect.
How we use the information we collect depends in part on which Services you use, how you use them, and any preferences you have communicated to us.
Below are the specific purposes for which we use the information we collect about you.
To provide the Services.
We use information about your customers and drivers to provide the Services to you.
For example, when planning routes we use this information to identify specific customers on a route or which driver may be driving the route.
Other examples include sending the route information to your drivers so they know where to go.
To improve the Services.
We use information you provide us to improve our Services.
For example, we look at the way you use our services and the feedback you provide us to design and build new features.
To communicate with you about the Services.
We use your contact information to send transactional communications via email and within the Services, including confirming your purchases, reminding you of subscription expirations, providing customer support, and sending you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and administrative messages.
To market, promote, and drive engagement with the Services.
We use your contact information and information about how you use the Services to send promotional communications that may be of specific interest to you.
These communications are aimed at driving engagement and maximizing what you get out of the Services, including information about new features, survey requests, and newsletters.
We also communicate with you about new product offers and promotions.
You can control whether you receive these communications at any time using the unsubscribe links in the communications.
Customer support.
We use your information to resolve technical issues you encounter, to respond to your requests for assistance, to analyze crash information, and to repair and improve the Services.
For safety and security.
We use information about you and your Service use to verify accounts and activity, to monitor suspicious or fraudulent activity and to identify violations of Service policies.
To protect our legitimate business interests and legal rights.
Where required by law or where we believe it is necessary to protect our legal rights, interests and the interests of others, we use information about you in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory, and audit functions, and disclosures in connection with the acquisition, merger or sale of a business.
With your consent.
We use information about you where you have given us consent to do so for a specific purpose not listed above.
For example, we may publish testimonials or featured customer stories to promote the Services, with your permission.
Legal bases for processing (for EEA users).
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (EEA), we collect and process information about you only where we have legal bases for doing so under applicable EU laws.
The legal bases depend on the Services you use and how you use them.
This means we collect and use your information only where.
We need it to provide you the Services, including to operate the Services, provide customer support and personalized features and to protect the safety and security of the Services.
It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as for research and development, to market and promote the Services and to protect our legal rights and interests.
You give us consent to do so for a specific purpose.
or.
We need to process your data to comply with a legal obligation.
If you have consented to our use of information about you for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your mind at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place.
Where we are using your information because we or a third party (e.
g.
your employer) have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the Services.
Who has access to the collected data.
Only our personnel, the services in charge of control (especially.
external auditor) and trusted third-party applications may have access to your personal data.
Government agencies may also be recipients of your personal data, exclusively to meet legal obligations, or representatives of the law, ministerial officers and organizations responsible for the collection of debts.
How we share the information we collect.
We do not sell, trade, or rent any of the information we collect with others.
How we store and secure information we collect.
Information storage and security.
We use data hosting service providers in the EU to host the information we collect, and we use technical measures to secure your data.
While we implement safeguards designed to protect your information, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that data, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is absolutely safe from intrusion by others.
We will respond to requests about this within a reasonable timeframe.
Sensitive and private data exchange for our Services happen over an SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
We never store passwords in our database.
they are always encrypted and hashed with individual salts.
How long we keep information.
How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information, as described in further detail below.
After such time, we will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not possible (for example, because the information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible.
Account and Payment information.
We retain your account and payment information until you delete your account.
We also retain some of your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce our agreements, to support business operations and to continue to develop and improve our Services.
Where we retain information for Service improvement and development, we take steps to eliminate information that directly identifies you, and we only use the information to uncover collective insights about the use of our Services, not to specifically analyze personal characteristics about you.
Information about your customers and drivers.
This information is retained until either your account is deleted or directly deleted from within the Services.
For example, from within the app you can delete information about your customers and drivers.
Marketing information.
If you have elected to receive marketing emails from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences unless you specifically ask us to delete such information.
We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created.
Your right to delete your information.
At any point you have the right to request that we delete all the information we hold about you.
You can do so using the chat widget in the bottom right of any of our pages, and letting us know that you want all data to be deleted.
Changes to this privacy policy.
Circuit Routing Limited has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time.
When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page.
We encourage you to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.
You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms.
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy.
If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site.
Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us.
If you have any questions about Circuit Routing Limited, or this Privacy Policy please contact us at.
.
Fixing the broken last-mile of delivery to make it easy for everyone.
Products.
Circuit Route Planner.
Circuit for Teams.
Circuit Package Tracker.
Features.
Driver Tracking.
Local Delivery.
Route Planning.
Proof of Delivery.
Courier Management.
Blog.
Dispatcher blog.
Driver blog.
Delivery customer blog.
Company.
About us.
JobsWe're hiring.
Support.
Legal.
Privacy.
Terms.
© 2022 Circuit Routing Limited.
All rights reserved.
