SolutionsSolutionsDigital WorkspacesDaaS and VDI Secure Access Zero Trust Network Access (ZTNA)Application DeliveryAnalyticsContent CollaborationCollaborative Work ManagementUnified Endpoint ManagementSD-WANBY USE CASE Modernize ITDeploy DaaSSimplify hybrid cloud Accelerate employee onboardingSecure Distributed WorkModernize your IT securityGet a VPN alternativeProtect apps and APIsBoost ProductivityEnable remote workCollaborate securelyDigitize workflowsSee all use casesBY INDUSTRYHealthcareEducationGovernmentFinancial ServicesManufacturingRetailBY BUSINESS SIZESmall business and departments.
Digital Workspaces.
DaaS and VDI.
Secure Access.
Zero Trust Network Access (ZTNA).
Application Delivery.
Analytics.
Content Collaboration.
Collaborative Work Management.
Unified Endpoint Management.
SD-WAN.
BY USE CASE.
Modernize IT.
Deploy DaaS.
Simplify hybrid cloud.
Accelerate employee onboarding.
Secure Distributed Work.
Modernize your IT security.
Get a VPN alternative.
Protect apps and APIs.
Boost Productivity.
Enable remote work.
Collaborate securely.
Digitize workflows.
See all use cases.
BY INDUSTRY.
Healthcare.
Education.
Government.
Financial Services.
Manufacturing.
Retail.
BY BUSINESS SIZE.
Small business and departments.
ProductsProductsBuild your own digital workspaceDAAS AND VDICitrix DaaSCitrix Virtual Apps and DesktopsCitrix Analytics for PerformanceCitrix WorkspaceCONTENT COLLABORATION AND WORK MANAGEMENTCitrix Content CollaborationCitrix ShareFileCitrix PodioCitrix RightSignatureWrikeAPP DELIVERY AND SECURITYCitrix App Delivery and Security Service Citrix ADCCitrix Analytics for SecurityCitrix Secure Private AccessCitrix Web App and API ProtectionView all productsCitrix online storeBuy Citrix products, request a quote, or learn more about our products and subscriptions.
Download Citrix Workspace appCitrix Workspace app is the easy-to-install client software that provides seamless secure access to everything you need to get work done.
Build your own digital workspace.
DAAS AND VDI.
Citrix DaaSCitrix Virtual Apps and DesktopsCitrix Analytics for PerformanceCitrix Workspace.
CONTENT COLLABORATION AND WORK MANAGEMENT.
Citrix Content CollaborationCitrix ShareFileCitrix PodioCitrix RightSignatureWrike.
APP DELIVERY AND SECURITY.
Citrix App Delivery and Security Service Citrix ADCCitrix Analytics for SecurityCitrix Secure Private AccessCitrix Web App and API Protection.
View all products.
Citrix online store.
Buy Citrix products, request a quote, or learn more about our products and subscriptions.
Download Citrix Workspace app.
Citrix Workspace app is the easy-to-install client software that provides seamless secure access to everything you need to get work done.
ResourcesResourcesBlogsFieldworkTrust CenterEvents & WebinarsTech ZoneCustomer StoriesCitrix DiscussionsView all resourcesThe crucial role of DaaS and VDI in accelerating hybrid workGet the white paperGigaOm Radar for ZTNAGet the report.
Blogs.
Fieldwork.
Trust Center.
Events & Webinars.
Tech Zone.
Customer Stories.
Citrix Discussions.
View all resources.
The crucial role of DaaS and VDI in accelerating hybrid work.
Get the white paper.
GigaOm Radar for ZTNA.
Get the report.
CustomersCustomersGET HELPSupportDownloadsCommunityCUSTOMER SUCCESSSuccess ProgramsConsulting ServicesPremium TrainingOnboarding & AdoptionCustomer StoriesSuccess CenterGet expert guidance, resources, and step-by-step instructions to navigate your path to the cloud.
Fundamental TrainingLearn about planning, deployment, and management of Citrix solutions, so you can maximize the value of your investment.
GET HELP.
Support.
Downloads.
Community.
CUSTOMER SUCCESS.
Success Programs.
Consulting Services.
Premium Training.
Onboarding & Adoption.
Customer Stories.
Success Center.
Get expert guidance, resources, and step-by-step instructions to navigate your path to the cloud.
Fundamental Training.
Learn about planning, deployment, and management of Citrix solutions, so you can maximize the value of your investment.
CompanyCompanyCOMPANYAbout UsCorporate CitizenshipDiversity & InclusionSustainabilityNewsPARTNERSStrategic AlliancesPartner with CitrixPartner CentralCitrix Ready MarketplaceFind a Local PartnerWork rebalanced.
The Citrix hybrid work reportSee how global opinion research from Fieldwork by Citrix can help business leaders, IT leaders, and employees build the new world of work.
Read the report.
COMPANY.
About Us.
Corporate Citizenship.
Diversity & Inclusion.
Sustainability.
News.
PARTNERS.
Strategic Alliances.
Partner with Citrix.
Partner Central.
Citrix Ready Marketplace.
Find a Local Partner.
Work rebalanced.
The Citrix hybrid work report.
See how global opinion research from Fieldwork by Citrix can help business leaders, IT leaders, and employees build the new world of work.
Read the report.
Contact usContact us1 800 424 8749 Request a call Locate a Citrix Partner Contact.
1 800 424 8749.
 Request a call.
 Locate a Citrix Partner.
 Contact.
AMERICASBrasil (Português)México (Español)United States (English)EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST & AFRICADanmark (English)Deutschland (Deutsch)España (Español)France (Français)Italia (Italiano)Nederland (Nederlands)Norge (Norsk)Polska (Polski)Россия (Русский)Suomi (English)Sverige (English)Türkiye (Türkçe)United Kingdom (English)ASIA PACIFICAustralia (English)Hong Kong (English)India (English)Indonesia (English)Malaysia (English)New Zealand (English)Philippines (English)Singapore (English)대한민국 (한국어)中国 (简体中文)日本 (日本語).
AMERICAS.
Brasil (Português)México (Español)United States (English).
EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA.
Danmark (English)Deutschland (Deutsch)España (Español)France (Français)Italia (Italiano)Nederland (Nederlands)Norge (Norsk)Polska (Polski)Россия (Русский)Suomi (English)Sverige (English)Türkiye (Türkçe)United Kingdom (English).
ASIA PACIFIC.
Australia (English)Hong Kong (English)India (English)Indonesia (English)Malaysia (English)New Zealand (English)Philippines (English)Singapore (English)대한민국 (한국어)中国 (简体中文)日本 (日本語).
Sign inSIGN INMy Citrix accountCitrix CloudCitrix Cloud GovernmentManage licensesRenew maintenanceSign Out.
SIGN IN.
My Citrix accountCitrix CloudCitrix Cloud Government.
Manage licensesRenew maintenance.
Leadership.
Governance.
Culture Diversity and Inclusion Sponsorships.
Diversity and Inclusion.
Sponsorships.
Citizenship Employee Programs Community Impact.
Employee Programs.
Community Impact.
Sustainability Overview Sustainability  Report Health and Safety.
Overview.
Sustainability  Report.
Health and Safety.
More.
Citrix Privacy Policy.
Last updated.
May 25, 2022.
Citrix Systems, Inc.
and its subsidiaries (“Citrix”), respect your concerns about privacy.
References in this Privacy Policy to “Citrix”, “we”, “us”, and “our” are references to the Citrix entity responsible for the processing of your personal information, which generally is the Citrix entity that collects your personal information.
This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we obtain, how we may use that personal information, with whom we may share it and how you may exercise your rights regarding our processing of that information.
The Privacy Policy also describes the measures we take to safeguard the personal information we obtain and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
This Privacy Policy applies to the personal information we obtain through Citrix properties, including websites, products, services, desktop and mobile apps, and other tools offered by Citrix that reference this Privacy Policy (“Online Channels”).
offline collection, including Citrix events, surveys, questionnaires, customer user research and evaluations (“Offline Channels”).
and third-party sources, including business partners, ad networks and vendors (collectively, the “Offerings”).
The Online Channels may provide links to other third-party websites and features.
Some of these third-party websites may be co-branded with a Citrix logo even though they are not owned, controlled, operated or maintained by Citrix.
Citrix does not share your personal information with those websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices.
These websites are subject to their respective privacy policies.
In some cases, we may provide the Offerings jointly with other businesses.
For these co-branded offerings in which a third party is involved in your transactions, we will sometimes share or jointly collect customer data related to those transactions with that third party.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the personal information.
an individual makes available to Citrix in connection with the recruiting process addressed by the Citrix Recruitment Policy Notice.
collected as part of a business conduct investigation which described in the Citrix Business Conduct Reporting Privacy Policy.
processed on behalf of our customers when providing Cloud, technical support and consulting services, which is described in the Citrix Data Processing Addendum.
Customer end-users should direct any questions about our customer’s privacy practices to our customer who collected their information.
On this page.
Personal Information We Obtain.
How We Use Personal Information.
Cookies and Other TechnologiesInterest-Based Advertising.
Interest-Based Advertising.
How We Share Your Personal Information.
International Data Transfers.
Your Rights and Choices.
How We Protect Personal Information.
Retention of Personal Information.
Notice to California Residents.
Children’s Personal Information.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy.
How to Contact Us.
Personal Information We Obtain.
The data we obtain varies based on the Offerings you use.
We obtain personal information through your interaction with the Offerings, such as when you.
create an account in an Online Channel.
register or apply to a Citrix Partner or Referral program.
request access or visit our offices or facilities.
sign up for an online program, event, seminar, promotion or sweepstakes.
request products (including product evaluations, trials, tech preview and beta downloads), services or information.
participate in Citrix events including conferences, webinars, surveys, questionnaires, research or evaluations.
or.
correspond with us or request information from us.
The types of personal information we obtain include.
contact information (such as name email address, telephone number, postal or other physical address) for you or for others (e.
g.
, principals in your business or billing contacts).
information used to create your online account (such as username and password).
business profile and practices information used to evaluate you as a partner.
photographs, video images, voice recordings or transcripts.
billing and financial information (such as name, billing address, payment card details and bank account information and purchase history).
IP address and location data (such as data derived from your IP address, country and zip code).
the precise geolocation of your mobile device.
clickstream data and other information about your online activities (such as information about your devices, browsing actions and usage patterns), including across the Online Channels and third-party websites, that we obtain through the use of cookies, web beacons and similar technologies (see our description of Cookies and Similar Technologies below).
time and date related access to events, offices or facilities.
information collected in forms that may be required on-site to access Citrix facilities.
personal information contained in forums, blogs, and testimonials you provide or that we obtain from publicly available sources (such as social media channels).
information related to participation in classroom or online training, including programs completed and certifications achieved.
information necessary to provide support or other paid consulting services (such as contact details, chat services, support details, and event history).
personal information contained in content you submit to us (such as through our “Contact” feature or other in-product or in-service messaging).
and.
other personal information we obtain through our Offerings.
Please note that providing personal information to us is voluntary on your part.
If you choose not to provide us certain information, we may not be able to offer you certain products and services, and you may not be able to access certain features of the Online Channels.
How We Use Personal Information.
We use the information we obtain to.
provide and administer our products and services (including websites and apps for which you have registered).
process and fulfill orders in connection with our products and services and keep you informed about the status of your order.
help you complete a transaction or order and provide customer support.
bill you for products and services you purchased.
provide training, support and consulting services.
create and manage your account with Citrix.
operate, evaluate and improve our business (such as by administering, developing, enhancing and improving our products and services.
managing our communications and customer relationships.
and performing accounting, auditing, billing, reconciliation and collection activities).
perform data analytics (such as research, trend analysis, financial analysis and customer segmentation).
communicate with you about your account and orders (including sending emails relating to your registration, account status, order confirmations, renewal or expiration notices and other important information).
conduct advertising, marketing and sales activities (including sending you promotional materials, generating leads, pursuing marketing prospects, performing market research, determining and managing the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns and managing our brand).
communicate with you about, and administer your participation in, events, programs, promotions and surveys.
connect employees with their enterprise account administrator.
verify your identity and protect your account against unauthorized use or abuse of our services.
protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other unlawful activity, claims and other liabilities.
protect the health, safety and security of our employees.
comply with and enforce relevant industry standards, contractual obligations and our policies.
maintain and enhance the security of our Online Channels, products, services, network services, information resources and employees.
and.
respond to your inquiries.
Depending on the purposes for which personal information is used, and the context in which the data is obtained, we may rely on one or more of the following legal bases.
performance of a contract with you or a relevant party.
our legitimate business interests.
compliance with a legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise or defend legal claims.
or.
your consent to the processing, which you can revoke at any time.
We may combine data collected from you with other sources to help us improve the accuracy of our marketing and communications as well as to help expand or tailor our interactions with you.
This includes combining personal information we obtain through Online Channels with information we obtain through Offline Channels, as well as other information (such as referral programs), for the purposes described above.
We may anonymize or aggregate personal information and use it for the purposes described above and for other purposes to the extent permitted by applicable law.
We also may use personal information for additional purposes that we specify at the time of collection.
We will obtain your consent for these additional uses to the extent required by applicable law.
Where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent for the processing of your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
Cookies and Other Technologies.
Citrix uses cookies, web beacons (including pixels and tags), and similar technologies on our Online Channels which may read or write information on your device in order to collect certain information about you by automated means.
A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser.
A “web beacon,” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, links web pages to web servers and their cookies and may be used to transmit information collected through cookies back to a web server.
We use these automated technologies to collect information about your equipment, browsing actions, and usage patterns.
The information we obtain in this manner includes IP address and other identifiers associated with your devices including Apple Advertising Identifier or Android Advertising ID, types of devices connected to our Offerings, device characteristics (such as operating system), language preferences, referring/exit pages, navigation paths, access times, browser preferences and characteristics, installed plugins, local time zones, local storage preferences, clickstream data and other information about your online activities.
We use on our Online Channels both first-party cookies (served directly by our website domain when you visit our Online Channels) and third-party cookies (served by a third-party website when you visit our Online Channels and certain third-party websites with whom we have partnered).
Some of these cookies are session cookies (which are automatically deleted when you close your browser) and others are persistent cookies (which remain on your computer or other Internet-connected device for a period of time after you end your browsing session, unless you delete them).
The cookies we use on our Online Channels include (1) essential and functional cookies.
(2) analytics cookies.
and (3) targeting/advertising cookies, as described below.
Essential and Functional CookiesWe use cookies on our Online Channels that are necessary for us to provide you with our products and services.
This includes essential cookies (such as those used to authenticate you to our website and identify you after you have logged in), functional cookies (such as those that remember what you added to your shopping cart or the language preference you selected), and user-centric security cookies used to increase the security of the products and services we provide to you (such as to detect authentication abuses).
Given the necessary functionality of these cookies, they typically may not be disabled on our Online Services.
Analytics CookiesWe use analytics cookies to collect information on how users navigate and use our Online Channels, such as how the users traverse our Online Channels, the pages they view, how long they stay on a page and whether the page is displayed correctly or whether errors occur.
Such cookies help us to improve the performance of our Online Channels and make the Online Channels more user-friendly.
These cookies are provided by third-party analytics providers, including Google Analytics and Marketo.
To learn more about Google Analytics and how to opt out, please visit Google Analytics.
To learn more about these analytics services and how to opt out, please view our Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the relevant website (Podio.
com, RightSignature.
com, ShareFile.
com, or Citrix.
com).
Advertising CookiesAdvertising cookies are used to control and manage advertisements.
These Cookies may collect information on whether a user has reacted to an advertisement and visited another website.
Such cookies help us to offer you content and provide targeted information that is more relevant to your interests.
They also help us to measure the effectiveness of our advertisements and communications.
In the EU, we deploy analytics and advertising cookies on our websites only when users have opted-in as required by applicable law.
Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies or how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies.
Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our Online Channels.
For mobile devices, you can manage how your device and browser share certain device data by adjusting the privacy and security settings on your mobile device.
Additional information about our cookie practices and how to manage your cookie preferences is available in the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the relevant website (Podio.
com, RightSignature.
com, ShareFile.
com, or Citrix.
com).
To the extent required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent before using cookies or similar tools.
The providers of third-party apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins on our Online Channels (such as Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook) also may use automated means to collect information regarding your interactions with these features.
This information is collected directly by the providers of the features and is subject to the privacy policies or notices of these providers.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, Citrix is not responsible for these providers’ information practices.
Interest-Based Advertising.
When you use our Online Channels, both we and certain third parties (such as our advertising networks, digital advertising partners and social media platforms) collect information about your online activities, over time and across third-party websites (such as on websites that serve our ads).
We may use such information to provide you with advertising about products and services tailored to your individual interests.
We also may obtain information for this purpose from third-party websites on which our ads are served.
You may see certain ads on other websites because we engage third-party ad buying networks.
Through such buying networks, we can target our messaging to users through demographic, interest-based and contextual means.
The information our ad networks may collect on our behalf includes data about your visits to websites that serve Citrix advertisements, such as the pages or advertisements you view and the actions you take on the websites.
This data collection takes place both on our websites and on third-party websites that participate in these ad networks.
This process helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
To learn how to opt out of this ad network interest-based advertising, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the relevant website (Podio.
com, RightSignature.
com, ShareFile.
com, or Citrix.
com).
To the extent required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent before using your information for interest-based advertising.
Our Cookie Preferences link in the footer of each website (Podio.
com, RightSignature.
com, ShareFile.
com, or Citrix.
com) provides details about how to exercise your choices (such as changing your cookie preferences).
How We Share Your Personal Information.
We do not sell or otherwise disclose personal information about you except as described here or at the time of collection.
Citrix may share personal data in the following ways.
if sharing your data is necessary to provide a product, service or information you have requested.
as part of a joint sales promotion or to pass sales leads to our business partners.
to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers or other information we think you would like to hear from our business partners.
within Citrix (including among affiliates and subsidiaries) for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
to connect employees with their company administrator(s).
with our customers to report and help manage issues requiring support or as part of consulting services.
with our customers and partners to inform them about their users’ use of our services (such as when a user has obtained credentials or completed a course).
with service providers we have engaged to perform services on our behalf (such as payment processing, order fulfillment, customer support, customer relations management and data analytics).
These service providers are contractually required to safeguard the information provided to them and are restricted from using or disclosing such information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements.
with approved Citrix Partners, to offer and provide our products and services to you.
and.
with our joint marketing and sales partners and other business partners who help us with our business operations or other aspects of our business and for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
We also may disclose personal information about you.
(1) if we are required or permitted to do so by applicable law, regulation or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena),.
(2) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials to comply with a legitimate legal request,.
(3) when we believe disclosure is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss to Citrix, its users or the public as required or permitted by law,.
(4) to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights, and.
(5) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraud, illegal activity, security or technical issues.
In addition, we reserve the right to transfer to relevant third parties information we have about you in the event of a potential or actual sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a merger, acquisition, joint venture, reorganization, divestiture, dissolution or liquidation) or other business transaction.
We also may share the information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection and obtain your consent to the extent required by applicable law.
International Data Transfers.
We transfer the personal information we collect through the Channels to, and store such data in, other countries in which Citrix and its service providers operate, including the U.
S.
, which may have different data protection laws than the country in which the information was provided.
If we do so, we will transfer the personal information only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
To the extent required by applicable law, when we transfer your personal information to recipients in other countries, we will take measures to protect that information including, as appropriate, by executing data transfer agreements based on the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses pursuant to article 46 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), or by selecting data recipients that are certified to the EU-U.
S.
and Swiss-U.
S.
Privacy Shield frameworks described below.
EU-U.
S.
and Swiss-U.
S.
Privacy Shield.
With respect to transfers of personal information from the EU, United Kingdom and Switzerland to the U.
S.
, Citrix is certified under the EU-U.
S.
Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.
S.
Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.
S.
Department of Commerce and the European Commission regarding the transfer of personal information from the EU to the U.
S.
, pursuant to article 45 of the GDPR (each a “Privacy Shield Framework” and collectively the “Privacy Shield Principles”).
If there is any conflict between the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit .
Citrix is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives, under each Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.
Citrix complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant to a Privacy Shield Framework, Citrix is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.
S.
Federal Trade Commission.
In certain situations, Citrix may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to satisfy national security or law enforcement requirements.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Citrix commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.
If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices, please contact us here.
EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Citrix here.
If you have an unresolved compliant that has not been addressed to your satisfaction, please contact or visit  (a U.
S.
-based alternative dispute resolution provider) for more information or to file a complaint.
The services are provided at no cost to you.
To learn more about our Privacy Shield Verification click here.
Your Rights and Choices.
We offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we obtain about you, such as how we use the information and how we communicate with you.
To update your preferences, limit the communications you receive from us or submit a request, please contact us as specified in the How to Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy.
You can also unsubscribe from our mailing lists by following the “Unsubscribe” link in our emails.
To exercise any rights relating to personal information processed on behalf of our customers in connection with the use of our products and services, end users should contact the relevant administrator for the Offering associated with the information, not Citrix.
If you are a customer account administrator or customer account owner and require assistance with this process, such as if you want to make a request with respect to your own user data, you may contact us as described below.
To the extent provided by the law of your jurisdiction, you may request access to the personal information we maintain about you or request that we correct, update, amend or delete your information, or that we restrict the processing of such information by contacting us as indicated below or by accessing MyAccount.
To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we may take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to the information.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, a charge may apply before we provide you with a copy of any of your personal information that we maintain.
Depending on your location, you may have the right to file a complaint with a government regulator if you are not satisfied with our response.
We support the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising ("Principles") of the Digital Advertising Alliance in the U.
S.
, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada, and the European Digital Advertising Alliance in the EU.
If you live in the United States, Canada, or the European Union, you can visit Ad Choices, Ad Choices Canada or Your Online Choices to find a convenient place to indicate your preferences, including the option to make one "universal" opt-out of interest-based advertising with participating entities.
These websites also provide detailed information about interest-based advertising and tips for managing your privacy online and in applications.
Opting out of interest-based advertising does not mean you will no longer see advertisements from us or on the Online Channels.
rather, opting out means that the online ads that you do see will not be based on your interests.
When you opt-out of receiving interest-based advertisements through the links above, cookies and other technologies on the Online Channels may still collect information about your use of the Online Channels, including for analytics, fraud prevention and any other purpose permitted under the Self- Regulatory Principles.
When you use our Online Channels, both we and certain third parties (such as our advertising networks, digital advertising partners and social media platforms) may collect personal information about your online activities, over time and across third-party websites.
Certain web browsers allow you to instruct your browser to send Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals to websites you visit, informing those sites that you do not want your online activities to be tracked.
Our Online Channels are not designed to respond to “do not track” signals received from web browsers.
However, you can manage your cookie preferences on each of our websites (Podio.
com, RightSignature.
com, ShareFile.
com, or Citrix.
com) in connection with the personal information we collect about you by clicking on the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the relevant website.
Where provided by law, you may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us or object at any time on legitimate grounds to the processing of your personal information, and we will apply your preferences going forward.
This will not affect the lawfulness of our use of your information based on your consent before its withdrawal.
You may also have a right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in your jurisdiction.
Some of the rights described above may be subject to limitations under applicable law.
How We Protect Personal Information.
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards, consistent with legal requirements where the personal information was obtained, designed to protect against unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, use or disclosure of, or access to, the personal information provided to us through the Channels.
Retention of Personal Information.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we typically retain personal information we obtain about you for as long as it is needed (1) for the purposes for which we obtained it, in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, which generally means that we will keep your personal information for the duration of our relationship or as long as you keep your account open with us.
or (2) to take into account applicable statute of limitation periods and comply with applicable laws, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
As described in the “Your Rights and Choices” section above, to the extent provided by the law of your jurisdiction, you may request that we delete your information or restrict the processing of such information by contacting us as indicated below.
Notice to California Residents.
A California Consumer Privacy Statement supplements this Citrix.
com Privacy Policy.
The Statement applies solely to California consumers and is available for review here.
The following is a summary of selected portions of the Statement, although you should refer to the Statement itself for any questions you may have about applicable rights and obligations.
You may have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period, the following information about the personal information we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
the categories of sources from which we collected the personal information.
the business or commercial purpose for which we collected or sold the personal information.
the categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal information.
and.
the categories of personal information about you that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom we sold or disclosed that information for a business purpose.
You also may have the right to request that we provide you with (1) a list of certain categories of personal information we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year and (2) the identity of those third parties.
In addition, you have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you.
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your information.
To opt out, click Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the relevant website (Podio.
com, RightSignature.
com, ShareFile.
com, or Citrix.
com)or email .
To submit a request related to other rights, you or an authorized agent may contact us as specified in the How To Contact Us section of the Citrix.
com Privacy Policy below.
To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your or your agent’s identity before granting access to your personal information or complying with a request.
In order to verify a request, we may require authentication information from you that is reasonable in light of the nature of the personal information requested.
This may include personal information previously collected in order to associate you with the information provided.
Under the CCPA, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf.
The agent will need to complete a verification process, including the submission of proof that it has been designated to act on your behalf, and we also may require you to verify your own identity directly with us.
We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights.
Children’s Personal Information.
The Online Channels are designed for a general audience and are not directed to children under the age of 13.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 13 through the Online Channels.
If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will promptly delete the information from our records.
If you believe that a child under the age of 13 may have provided us with personal information, please contact us as specified in the How To Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our information practices.
We will indicate at the top of this Privacy Policy when it was most recently updated.
However, if we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective.
We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy for the latest information on our privacy practices.
How to Contact Us.
If you have questions, requests or concerns relating to our customer’s handling of your information, please contact the relevant customer.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us here or by email at or write to us at.
Citrix Systems, Inc.
Attn.
Chief Privacy Officer15 Network DriveBurlington, MA 01803United States.
Citrix Systems, Inc.
’s EU representative is.
Citrix Systems Ireland Ltd.
Attn.
Chief Privacy OfficerEastpoint Business ParkAlfie Byrne Rd, East WallDublin, Ireland.
Glossary.
Citrix Experience Centers.
Subscribe to newsletters.
Investor Relations.
Careers.
FOLLOW CITRIX.
Privacy and legal terms.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
Cookie preferences.
Employee login.
Site map.
XenApp, XenDesktop, XenMobile and XenServer are part of the Xen® family of products.
© 1999-2022 Citrix Systems, Inc.
All rights reserved.
