CODESYS Group DE.
CODESYS China.
CODESYS Italia.
CODESYS North America.
LinkedIn.
Youtube.
RSS.
Downloads.
Customer Portal.
CODESYS Store.
CODESYS Group DE.
CODESYS China.
CODESYS Italia.
CODESYS North America.
The SystemWhy CODESYS.
Versions / ModularizationLicensingIIoT / Industry 4.
0Download CODESYSCODESYS SecurityResearch ProjectsCODESYS Inside.
Why CODESYS.
Versions / Modularization.
Licensing.
IIoT / Industry 4.
0.
Download CODESYS.
CODESYS Security.
Research Projects.
CODESYS Inside.
ProductsCODESYS EngineeringCODESYS RuntimeCODESYS Automation ServerCODESYS VisualizationCODESYS FieldbusCODESYS CommunicationCODESYS Motion CNC RoboticsCODESYS SafetyCODESYS Services.
CODESYS Engineering.
CODESYS Runtime.
CODESYS Automation Server.
CODESYS Visualization.
CODESYS Fieldbus.
CODESYS Communication.
CODESYS Motion CNC Robotics.
CODESYS Safety.
CODESYS Services.
IndustriesFactory AutomationMobile AutomationEnergy AutomationEmbedded AutomationProcess AutomationBuilding Automation.
Factory Automation.
Mobile Automation.
Energy Automation.
Embedded Automation.
Process Automation.
Building Automation.
Support & TrainingCODESYS SupportCODESYS Academy TrainingCODESYS User ServicesCODESYS in EducationCODESYS TalkCODESYS ForgeOnline HelpDownloads & UpdatesTechnical Literature on CODESYS (Wikipedia).
CODESYS Support.
CODESYS Academy Training.
CODESYS User Services.
CODESYS in Education.
CODESYS Talk.
CODESYS Forge.
Online Help.
Downloads & Updates.
Technical Literature on CODESYS (Wikipedia).
SecurityCODESYS SecuritySecurity Reports.
CODESYS Security.
Security Reports.
News & EventsExhibitions & EventsNewsTrainingsPress releasesPublications.
Exhibitions & Events.
News.
Trainings.
Press releases.
Publications.
CompanyLocationsSales TeamDistributorsSystem PartnersPartnershipsMission StatementFacts & Figures.
Locations.
Sales Team.
Distributors.
System Partners.
Partnerships.
Mission Statement.
Facts & Figures.
Jobs & Career.
CODESYS Group.
Privacy Policy.
Data protection declaration.
Data privacy.
We, CODESYS GmbH, are responsible for this website and, as the provider of a teleservice, must inform you at the beginning of your visit to our website about the nature, scope and purposes of the collection and use of personal data in a precise, transparent, understandable, The content of the information must be available to you at all times.
We are therefore obliged to inform you which personal data is collected or used.
Personal data are all information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
We attach great importance to the security of your data and compliance with data protection regulations.
The collection, processing and use of personal data is subject to the provisions of the currently applicable European and national laws.
With the following data protection declaration we would like to show you how we handle your personal data and how you can contact us.
CODESYS GmbH A member of the CODESYS Group Memminger Str.
151 87439 Kempten, Deutschland Commercial Register HRB 6186 Managing Directors.
Dieter Hess, Manfred Werner Telephone.
+49 831 64031-0 E-Mail.
info .
Our data protection officer You can contact our external data protection officer as follows.
PCK IT Consulting GmbH Johannes Landerer Edisonstr.
1 87437 Kempten, Germany E-mail.
datenschutz Web.
.
A.
General information.
Article 4 of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) sets out what the terms used, such as "personal data" or their" processing", mean.
The personal user data processed in the context of this online offer include inventory data (e.
g.
names and addresses of customers), contract data (e.
g.
services used, names of clerks, payment information), usage data (e.
g.
websites visited on our online offer, interest in our products), and content data (e.
g.
entries in the contact form).
"Users" includes all categories of persons affected by data processing.
This includes, for example, our business partners, customers, interested parties and other visitors to our online offering.
B.
Specific information.
Data protection declaration.
We guarantee that we will only collect, process, store and use your data in connection with the processing of your inquiries, as well as for internal purposes, and to provide services or content requested by you.
Principles of data processing.
We process personal data of users only in compliance with the relevant data protection regulations.
User data will only be processed if the following legal provisions exis.
To provide our contractual services (e.
g.
processing of orders) and online services.
Processing is required by law.
If you have given your consent.
Due to our legitimate interests (i.
e.
optimization, economic operation and security of our online offer within the meaning of Art.
6/1 lit.
f.
DSGVO (General Data Protection Regulation), especially when creating profiles for advertising and marketing purposes).
We would like to show you where the above legal bases are laid down in the GDPR.
Consent.
Art.
6/1 sub-par.
a.
and Art.
7 DSGVO (GDPR).
Processing for the performance of our services and implementation of contractual measures.
Art.
6 Par.
1 sub-par.
b, GDPR.
Processing for compliance with our legal obligations.
Art.
6 Par.
1 sub-par.
c, GDPR.
Processing for the purposes of our legitimate interests_ Art.
6 Par.
1 sub-par.
f, GDPR.
Data transfer to third parties.
Data will only be passed on to third parties within the framework of legal requirements.
We only pass on user data to third parties if this is necessary, for example, for contractual purposes or on the basis of justified interests in the economic and effective operation of our business operations.
If we use subcontractors to provide our services, we take appropriate legal precautions as well as appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure the protection of personal data in accordance with the relevant legal regulations.
For CODESYS Store customers.
All contact data, including e-mail address, surname and first name, are forwarded to Mellissa Data GmbH, Cäcilienstr.
42-44, 80667 Köln, Germany, for verification before activation.
We would like to point out that due to the use of Google Analytics a data transfer takes place when using our online offer.
Transfer of data to a third country or international organization.
Third countries are countries in which the GDPO is not directly applicable law.
In principle, this includes all countries outside the EU and the European Economic Area.
Data is transmitted to a third country or an international organization.
It is taken into account here that appropriate/adequate guarantees are available and that enforceable rights and effective remedies are available to you.
Privacy-Shield.
.
Standard contractual clauses.
.
Duration of storage of your personal data.
We adhere to the principles of data economy and data avoidance.
This means that we only store the data provided to us for as long as necessary to fulfil the aforementioned purposes or as long as the various storage periods provided for by the legislator stipulate.
If the re-spective purpose does not apply any more, or after the expiry of the corresponding periods, your data will be blocked or deleted as a matter of routine and in accordance with the statutory provisions.
To ensure this procedure, we have developed an internal company concept.
Contact.
If you contact us via e-mail or contact form, you agree to electronic communication.
In the context of contacting us, personal data is collected.
Which data is collected in the case of a contact form can be seen from the respective contact form.
Your data will be transmitted SSL-encrypted.
The information you provide will only be stored for the purpose of processing your inquiry and for possible follow-up questions.
Processing for the performance of our services and implementation of contractual measures.
Art.
6 Par.
1 sub-par.
b GDPR.
Processing for the protection of our legitimate interests.
Art.
6 Par.
1 sub-par.
f GDPR.
We use software for the maintenance of customer data (ERP system) or comparable software based on our legitimate interests (efficient and fast processing of user inquiries).
The system is operated by us inhouse.
No data is therefore passed on to third parties.
We would like to point out that e-mails can be read or changed during transmission without authorization and unnoticed.
Furthermore, we would like to draw your attention to the fact that we use a software for filtering unsolicited e-mails (spam filter).
The spam filter can reject emails that have been falsely identified as spam by certain features.
What are your rights.
a) Right to information You have the right to obtain information about your stored data free of charge.
Upon request, we will inform you in writing what personal data we have stored about you in accordance with applicable law.
This also includes the origin and recipients of your data as well as the purpose of data processing.
b) Right to correction You have the right to have your data stored with us corrected if it is incorrect.
In this case, you can request a restriction of the processing, e.
g.
in the event that the accuracy of your personal data is contested.
c) Right to block You can also have your data blocked.
To ensure that your data can be blocked at any time, this data must be kept in a lock file for control purposes.
d) Right to cancellation You can also request the deletion of your personal data, as far as no legal storage obligations exist.
If such an obligation exists, we will block your data on request.
If the corresponding legal requirements are met, we will delete your personal data even if you do not request it.
e) Right to data transferability You are entitled to require us to provide the personal data transmitted to us in a format that permits the transmission to another party.
f) Right of appeal to a supervisory authority You can complain to one of the data protection supervisory authorities.
Bayerisches Landesamt für Datenschutzaufsicht (BayLDA)  [Bavarian Data Protection Authority] Promenade 27, 91522 Ansbach, Germany Telefon.
+49 981 53-1300 Telefax.
+49 981 53-981300  You can follow this link to open the complaint form of the Bavarian Data Protection Authority.
g) Right of objection You have the possibility to revoke the use of your data for internal purposes at any time with effect for the future.
All you need to do is send an e-mail to datenschutz However, such revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing procedures carried out by us up to that point.
This does not affect data processing with regard to all other legal bases, such as the initiation of a contract (see above).
Protection of your personal data.
We take contractual, organizational, and technical security measures in accordance with the state of the art to ensure that the provisions of data protection laws are observed and thus to protect the data processed by us against accidental or intentional manipulation, loss, destruction, or against access by unauthorized persons.
The security measures include in particular the encrypted transmission of data between your browser and our server.
A 256-bit SSL (AES 256) encryption technique is used for this purpose.
Your personal data will be protected in the following ways (excerpt).
a) In order to protect the confidentiality of your personal data stored with us, we have taken various measures for physical and virtual access control.
b) Protecting the integrity of your personal data In order to maintain the integrity of your personal data stored with us, we have taken various measures for transfer and input control.
c) Maintaining the availability of your personal data In order to maintain the availability of your personal data stored with us, we have taken various measures for order and availability control.
The security measures in use are continuously improved in line with technological developments.
Despite these precautions, due to the insecure nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmission to our online offer.
Therefore, any data transmission from you to our online offer is at your own risk.
Protection of minors.
Persons under 16 years of age may not transmit any personal data to us without the consent of their legal guardians.
Personal information may only be made available to us by persons under the age of 16 with the express consent of their parents or legal guardians, or if the persons have reached the age of 16 or are older.
These data will be processed in accordance with this data protection declaration.
Cookies.
We use cookies.
Cookies are small text files that are stored locally in the cache of your Internet browser.
Cookies enable the recognition of the Internet browser.
The files are used to help the browser navigate through the online offer and to be able to use the full range of functions.
Our online offer uses browser cookies.
Control of cookies by the user.
Browser cookies.
You can set all browsers to accept cookies only on request.
Also, only cookies whose pages are currently being visited can be accepted.
All browsers offer functions that enable the selective deletion of cookies.
The acceptance of cookies can also be generally switched off, however, restrictions in the user-friendliness of this online offer may have to be accepted.
Use of first-party cookies (Google Analytics cookie).
What Google Analytics cookies log.
Unique users – Google Analytics cookies collect and group your data.
All activities during a visit are summarized.
By setting Google Analytics cookies, a distinction is made between users and unique users.
Activities of users – Google Analytics cookies also store data about the start and end time of a visit to the website and how many pages you have viewed.
When the browser is closed or the user is inactive for a longer period of time (default 30 minutes), the user session is terminated and the cookie records the visit as terminated.
The date and time of the first visit are also recorded.
The total number of visits per unique user is also logged.
.
You can prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to the use of the online offer (including your IP address) and from processing this data by downloading and installing the following link in the browser plug-in.
Further information can be found under "Web analysis service Google Analytics / Universal Analytics".
Durability of the cookies used Cookies are managed by the web server of our online offer.
This online offer uses transient cookies/session cookies (one-time usage).
Durability.
Until this online offer is closed.
Disable or remove cookies (opt-out).
Every web browser offers possibilities to restrict and delete cookies.
For more information, please visit the following website.
Internet Explorer.
.
Firefox.
.
Google Chrome.
.
Safari.
.
Web analysis service Google Analytics / Universal Analytics.
We use Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc.
"("Google").
Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site.
The information generated by the cookie about the use of this online offer is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
Data is therefore transferred to a third country.
It is taken into account that appropriate/adequate guarantees are available and that enforceable rights and effective remedies are available to yo.
Privacy-Shield.
.
Standard contractual clauses.
.
However, if IP anonymization is activated in our online offer, Google will truncate your IP address in member states of the European Union or in other signatory states to the Agree-ment on the European Economic Area beforehand.
Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and truncated there.
On our behalf, Google will use this information to evaluate the use of the online offer, to compile reports on the activities of the online offer and to provide us with further services associated with the use of the online offer and the use of the Internet.
The IP address transmitted by your browser during the Google Analytics process will not be merged with other Google data.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser.
However, we would like to point out the possibility that in this case not all functions of this online offer may be used in full.
We point out that this online offer uses Google Analytics with the extension "anonymizeIp()", and that therefore IP addresses are only processed further in truncated form in order to exclude the establishment of a direct link between IP address and person.
The data sent by us and linked with cookies, user IDs or advertising IDs are automatically deleted after 14 months.
Data whose retention period has been reached is automatically deleted once a month.
For further information on terms of use and data protection, please visit  or policies.
google.
com.
You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to the use of the online offer (including your IP address) and from processing this data by downloading and installing a browser plug-in via the following link.
tools.
google.
com/dlpage/gaoptout.
As an alternative to the browser plug-in or within browsers on mobile devices, the following link applies to set an opt-out cookie that will prevent Google Analytics from collecting data within this online offer in the future.
This opt-out cookie only works in this browser and only for this domain.
To delete the cookies in this browser, click the link again.
Opt-out from Google Analytics for this site.
Use of the Google Tag Manager.
We use the Google Tag Manager.
This service allows website tags to be managed through an interface.
The Google Tag Manager only implements tags.
No cookies are set and no personal data is collected.
The Google Tool Manager triggers other tags that may collect data.
The Google Tag Manager does not access this data.
If deactivation has been carried out at domain or cookie level, it remains valid for all tracking tags, provided that they are implemented with the Google Tag Manager.
More information about the Google Tag Manager can be found under the following link.
You have the option to disable the sending of all tags of the Google Tag Manager.
To do this, click on the opt-out link below to place the Google Tag Manager opt-out cookie in your browser.
Opt-out from Google Tag Manager for this site.
Use of Hotjar.
We use the tool Hotjar.
Our goal is to better understand the needs of our site visitors, e.
g.
how much time they spend on which pages or which links they click on, and to use this knowledge as a guideline for the design and content of our website.
Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect information about the behavior of website users on their end devices.
The following data is collected.
IP address of the device in anonymous form.
Screen size.
Device type (Unique Device Identifiers).
Used browser.
Location (country only).
Preferred language for viewing our website.
Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile.
The information is used neither by Hotjar nor by the CODESYS Group to identify individual users, and it is not merged with other data about these users.
The legal basis is Art.
6 Paragraph 1 p.
1 lit.
f GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation for EU countries).
More information on the privacy policy at Hotjar.
.
You can object to the storage of your user profile and the storage of information about your visit to our website by Hotjar, as well as to the setting of Hotjar tracking cookies on other websites.
To do so, click on this link.
.
Use of Google Maps.
We use Google Maps to display maps and to create route maps.
Google Maps is operated by Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
By using this website, you consent to the collection, processing and use of the data collected automatically and the data entered by you (including the IP address) by Google, one of its representatives or third-party providers.
The terms of use for Google Maps can be found under the following link.
For more details on transparency and options as well as the data protection regulations, please visit the Google data protection center.
.
Use of YouTube.
Our online offer includes functions of the YouTube service for displaying and playing videos.
These features are offered through YouTube, LLC 901 Cherry Ave.
San Bruno, CA 94066 USA.
Further information can be found in YouTube's privacy policy.
The extended data protection mode is used here, which, according to the provider, does not initiate the storage of user information until the video(s) are played.
When starting embedded YouTube videos, YouTube uses cookies to collect information about user behavior.
According to YouTube, these serve, among other things, to collect video statistics, to improve user-friendliness, and to prevent abusive practices.
Irrespective of the playback of the embedded videos, a connection to the Google network "DoubleClick" is established each time our website is accessed, which can trigger further data processing activities without our influence.
Further details about the use of cookies on YouTube can be found in YouTube's privacy policy at.
.
Newsletter.
When you register for our e-mail newsletter, personal data is collected.
We use this data for our own advertising purposes in the form of an e-mail newsletter, provided you have expressly consented to this.
You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time via the link provided in the newsletter or by sending an e-mail to datenschutz After cancellation, your e-mail address will be immediately deleted from our newsletter distribution list and included in a file to ensure revocation.
Newsletter tracking.
If you have expressly consented before, a newsletter tracking tool (also called web beacons or tracking pixels) is used.
When the newsletter is delivered, the external server can record certain recipient data, e.
g.
the time of retrieval, the IP address or information on the e-mail program (client) used.
The name of the image file is individualized for each mail recipient by appending a unique ID.
The mail sender remembers which ID belongs to which e-mail address and can thus determine which newsletter recipient has just opened the e-mail when retrieving the image.
We use the newsletter tool CleverReach®.
Use of RSS-Feeds.
We use RSS feeds to keep you up to date on current topics.
RSS stands for "Really Simple Syndication".
This is an electronic message format.
In order to use the feed, you need a socalled "RSS reader".
Different RSS readers are available for all operating systems.
Some browsers allow the use of RSS feeds without the need to install another program.
Changes to our privacy policy.
We reserve the right to amend our privacy policy from time to time to ensure that it always complies with current legal requirements or to implement changes to our services in the privacy policy.
This could concern, for example, the introduction of new services.
Each time you visit our website, the data protection provisions that are available online on this website at that time apply.
Trademark protection.
Each trademark or logo mentioned here is the property of the respective company.
Trademarks and names are mentioned here purely for informational purposes.
C.
Provisions specific to Russia.
For users residing in the Russian Federation, the following applies.
The foregoing services of our online offer are not intended for citizens of the Russian Federation residing in Russia.
If you are a Russian citizen resident in Russia, you are expressly informed that any personal data that you provide to us through this website is entirely at your own risk and responsibility.
You further agree that you will not hold us responsible for any failure to comply with Russian Federation laws.
This data protection declaration (version.
GDPR 1.
0 of 11.
05.
2018) was created by.
German Data Protection Office Data Protection Office Munich .
CODESYS Group | We software Automation.
to software  [ˈsɒftwɛər]  transitive verb  __softwared/softwaring  .
to develop software  // to software automation.
to develop software for automation purposes.
The CODESYS Group is the manufacturer of CODESYS, the leading hardware-independent IEC 61131-3 automation software for developing and engineering controller applications.
CODESYS® is a registered trademark.
Legal Notice.
Sales.
General Terms.
Distributors.
Privacy Policy.
System Partners.
Privacy Policy Information.
Memberships.
Search.
Contact.
Company Location.
