ServicesCustom DevelopmentDedicated TeamsWeb DevelopmentMobile DevelopmentAndroidIOSCross-platformDevOpsQuality AssuranceBusiness AnalysisDigital Marketing.
Custom Development.
Dedicated Teams.
Web Development.
Mobile DevelopmentAndroidIOSCross-platform.
Android.
IOS.
Cross-platform.
DevOps.
Quality Assurance.
Business Analysis.
Digital Marketing.
ExpertiseCRM developmentDigital TransformationSaaS DevelopmentMachine Learning.
CRM development.
Digital Transformation.
SaaS Development.
Machine Learning.
IndustriesHealthcareFinteche-LearningE-commerceLogistics.
Healthcare.
Fintech.
e-Learning.
E-commerce.
Logistics.
Our work.
CompanyAbout UsOur teamWhy usCareers.
About Us.
Our team.
Why us.
Careers.
Contacts.
Blog.
Home.
Privacy Policy.
privacy policy.
INTRODUCTION AND ACCEPTANCE.
When you are asked for personal information at codeit.
us, or other website owned by CODEIT, you are sharing this information with CODEIT LLC (“we”, “us”, “CODEIT”).
CODEIT will take necessary steps to treat any personal data supplied by you as confidential and will process such information as permitted by applicable legislation.
By using any of our websites, you confirm your acceptance of our Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use our website and leave it immediately.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT.
CODEIT collects information in three ways.
information you provided to us in the affirmative and directly when sending us filled out forms or e-mail messages (such as your name, e-mail address, phone number, company name, title, country, information relating to the messages).
information we get when you browse our websites, such as the IP address, browser software, ISP, referring/exit pages, platform type, number of clicks, location information, domain name and visitor’s country/state.
information we receive from other sources, such as advertising and market research partners, from our related companies, and from our business and channel partners.
COOKIES AND WEB BEACONS.
Cookies are pieces of data that a website transfers to a user’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes.
Web beacons are transparent pixel images that are used in collecting information about website usage, e-mail response and tracking.
By using any of our websites, including entering the website via a browser which technical settings allow the use of cookies is equal to your consent for using cookies by us.
This consent may be withdrawn at any time, but it doesn’t affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser.
Google Analytics.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
(“Google”).
Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files stored on your computer to enable analysis of website usage by you.
The information about your website usage generated by the cookie (including your IP address) will be transferred to a Google server.
Visitors’ cookies.
This cookie collects personal information including a user’s name, pages visited, how the website is accessed, “remember me” option, a user’s purchases from the website, etc.
You can configure your browser to disable these cookies.
HOW IS THE COLLECTED INFORMATION USED.
We process personal information for the following business-related purposes.
Business relations and Marketing.
We use information about you to authenticate you, provide the services to you, to respond to your requests to develop and/or maintain business relations and communications with CODEIT, to engage a new business with the company you represent, to provide you with the details about our works and services, to organize the approval, processing and signing of contracts, acts, invoices and other contractual documentation, to promote our new products, works and services, to confirm the high level of our works and services, to invite you to the meetings, events.
If you are a representative of our current/potential client, vendor, business partner or investor, we may process your.
full name, contact details, current and previous positions, current and previous companies you represent.
activities in relation to sales process.
data on our communications with you, content and results of such communications, our internal notes about you.
data on your position and publicly available professional information about you.
Statistics.
We use your IP address and/or country preference in order to approximate your location to provide you with a better service experience.
How much of this information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access any of our websites.
The information about web pages visited, number of clicks, location information to improve the usability of our website.
If you are a visitor of this website, we may process the personal data you uploaded, data automatically collected about you or your device, for example by way of cookies, web beacons, to keep this website secure, prevent fraud, protect rights and interests of CODEIT and third parties.
FOR EEA USERS.
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (EEA), we collect and process information about you only where we have legal bases for doing so under applicable EU laws.
The legal bases depend on the Services you use and how you use them.
HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE SHARED.
We may share your information with.
Service Providers.
We may disclose the information we collect from you to third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf.
Affiliates.
We may disclose your information to our affiliates or subsidiaries, which may use your information to market their own products and services to you.
Advertising.
We may share aggregate or de-identified information about users with third parties for our and the third party’s own marketing, advertising, research or similar purposes.
We do not control how the third parties will use the data.
Legal Process.
We also may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, other legal processes, in response to a applicable court orders.
By using any of our websites, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information in the manner provided in this Privacy Policy.
WHAT RIGHTS DO YOU HAVE.
Your personal data is stored by CODEIT on its servers, and on the servers of the cloud-based database management services CODEIT uses.
Personal data that we are processing based on your consent will be kept for the unlimited period of time (or until the consent is revoked).
If you didn’t provide us with your consent onto data processing or revoked the consent, we will store only minimum data about you (full name, contact details, our references and notes) for the statistic and reporting purposes or to justify our legitimate interest.
The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation provide following rights for data subjects.
You have a right to access and correct (rectify if it is wrong) the record of your personal data.
You may request that CODEIT erase that data or cease processing it, subject to certain exceptions.
You may request that CODEIT cease using your data for direct marketing purposes.
You have a right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority if you have concerns about how we process your personal data.
You may request information about the purpose of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned, recipients of the data from CODEIT.
source of the information.
If you wish to execute any of these rights, or if you have any questions or concerns about our personal data policies or practices please contact our Legal Department at [email protected].
DATA PROCESSING IN OTHER COUNTRIES.
When you choose to submit information through our website, CODEIT may transfer, process and store the information in the countries where CODEIT’s offices are located.
In this case, data protection laws of the corresponding countries apply.
REVISIONS.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time for any reason, without notice to you by publishing a new version on this website, which shall be effective when posted here.
We recognize that information privacy is an ongoing process, and so we will from time to time update this Privacy Policy.
In relation to consent-based data processing, we will notify you of any changes and request your further consent.
By using any of our websites, you confirm your understanding and acceptance of the terms of the policies posted at the time of use.
This Privacy Policy is effective from May 24, 2018.
services.
Web Development.
Mobile Development.
Custom Software Development.
SaaS Development.
Business Analysis.
DevOps.
Marketing Services.
Cross-platform Development.
expertise.
Healthcare.
E-commerce.
Custom CRM.
Fintech.
eLearning.
Machine Learning.
company.
Our Work.
Blog.
About.
Why Us.
Our Team.
Careers.
contact us.
[email protected].
Kaupmehe 7-120,Tallinn, Estonia, 10114.
Vitosha Blvd.
48,Sofia, Bulgaria, 1000.
Otakara Yarosha Ln, 18, Kharkiv, Ukraine, 61000.
+1 (716) 342 11 33.
+38 (099) 925 68 85.
More Contacts.
FOLLOW US ON SOCIAL MEDIA.
