How We HelpResidential ServicesAdult Day ServicesAdult Life Skills (ALS)TECH Work CenterTECH Art ProgramTECHnology LabHealth HomesService Coordination.
Residential Services.
Adult Day Services.
Adult Life Skills (ALS).
TECH Work Center.
TECH Art Program.
TECHnology Lab.
Health Homes.
Service Coordination.
News & EventsNewsroomEvents.
Newsroom.
Events.
Who We AreAbout UsOur HistoryOur PeopleBoard of DirectorsTECH Foundation.
About Us.
Our History.
Our People.
Board of Directors.
TECH Foundation.
Join Our TeamCareersApply Now.
Careers.
Apply Now.
TECH Art Gallery.
Contact.
Support Us.
Privacy Policy.
Protecting your private information is our priority.
This Statement of Privacy applies to the techinc.
org and TECH, Inc company and governs data collection and usage.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to TECH, Inc include techinc.
org.
The TECH, Inc website is a company information site.
By using the TECH, Inc website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information.
TECH, Inc may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name.
TECH, Inc may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your location.
We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by TECH, Inc.
This information can include.
your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses.
This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the TECH, Inc website.
TECH, Inc encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from TECH, Inc so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information.
TECH, Inc is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the TECH, Inc website.
Use of your Personal Information.
TECH, Inc collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
TECH, Inc may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from TECH, Inc and its affiliates.
TECH, Inc may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
TECH, Inc does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
TECH, Inc may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries.
All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to TECH, Inc, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
TECH, Inc may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within TECH, Inc, in order to determine what TECH, Inc services are the most popular.
This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within TECH, Inc to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
TECH, Inc will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to.
(a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on TECH, Inc or the site.
(b) protect and defend the rights or property of TECH, Inc.
and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of TECH, Inc, or the public.
Security of your Personal Information.
TECH, Inc secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Children Under Thirteen.
TECH, Inc does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen.
If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe.
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information.
Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from TECH, Inc by contacting us here.
– Web page.
.
Changes to this Statement.
TECH, Inc will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback.
TECH, Inc encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how TECH, Inc is protecting your information.
Contact Information.
TECH, Inc welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that TECH, Inc has not adhered to this Statement, please contact TECH, Inc at.
TECH, Inc.
10 East 1st Avenue Hutchinson KSPhone.
(620) 663-1596.
Effective as of January 1, 2022.
Need Help Getting Started.
If you’re not sure what service or program to choose and where to start, we would love to help.
Contact us at (620) 663-1596 to speak with a friendly member of our team.
(620) 663-1596																				Main Phone for all TECH Services.
Corporate Office										10 East 1st Avenue | Hutchinson, KS 67501.
Support TECH.
Title VI.
Join Our Team.
Contact Us.
© 2022 TECH Inc.
, All Rights Reserved.
Website by Cassandra Bryan Design.
Website Privacy Policy.
Employee Portal.
