研究開発研究開発                            BIND Battery®HYPER BatteryTMSHUTTLE BatteryTMSilicon-Carbon Composite.
BIND Battery®.
HYPER BatteryTM.
SHUTTLE BatteryTM.
Silicon-Carbon Composite.
製品情報製品情報産業用蓄電システム非常用小型蓄電システム家庭用蓄電システム急速充電･急速放電専用電池販売代理店・施工店カタログダウンロード.
産業用蓄電システム.
非常用小型蓄電システム.
家庭用蓄電システム.
急速充電･急速放電専用電池.
販売代理店・施工店.
カタログダウンロード.
会社情報会社情報私たちの理念会社概要沿革役員一覧.
私たちの理念.
会社概要.
沿革.
役員一覧.
採用情報採用情報担当者からのメッセージキャリア採用新卒採用履歴書・職務経歴書送信フォーム.
担当者からのメッセージ.
キャリア採用.
新卒採用.
履歴書・職務経歴書送信フォーム.
ニュースニュース2022202120202019201820172016201520142013.
2022.
2021.
2020.
2019.
2018.
2017.
2016.
2015.
2014.
2013.
ダウンロード.
お問い合わせ.
HOME > Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy.
CONNEXX SYSTEMS (hereinafter “we”) sets the Privacy Policy as follows, establishes systems for protecting personal information, and ensures that all employees recognize the importance of protecting personal information and following the policy.
We thereby promote the protection of personal information.
Management of personal information.
We keep the personal information of our clients up to date.
We also implement the necessary measures to prevent unauthorized access, loss, damage, falsification, or leakage of the personal information, by maintaining security systems, constructing management systems, and providing employee education.
We thereby implement safety measures to protect personal information under thorough management.
Uses of personal information.
We use personal information received from our clients to send emails and documents to get in touch with them and to notify them of our businesses, or to answer received questions.
Prohibition of disclosure or provision of personal information to third parties.
CONNEXX SYSTEMS is committed to properly managing the personal information received from our clients and not disclosing it to third parties, except in the following circumstances.
・When the applicable client agrees to the disclosure.
・When we disclose the information to a contractor to carry out a service desired by the client.
・When the disclosure is required by law.
Safety measures to protect personal information.
CONNEXX SYSTEMS is implementing thorough security measures to ensure the accuracy and safety of personal information.
Personal identity confirmation.
When a client requests the confirmation, revision, or deletion of his/her personal information, we respond to the request only after confirming the identity of the person who made the request.
Compliance with laws, regulations, standards, and revisions.
CONNEXX SYSTEMS is committed to complying with Japanese laws, regulations, and standards applicable to personal information we own.
We also revise our policy to make the necessary improvements.
Contact.
Please contact below for inquiries related to the handling of personal information at CONNEXX SYSTEMS.
CONNEXX SYSTEMS Corporation                    Keihanna Open Innovation Center (KICK), 7-5-1 Seikadai, Seika-cho, Soraku-gun, Kyoto, 619-0294 Japan                    TEL：+81-774-66-6886.
CONNEXX SYSTEMS.
研究開発.
BIND Battery®.
HYPER BatteryTM.
SHUTTLE BatteryTM.
SCC.
製品情報.
産業用蓄電システム.
非常用小型蓄電システム（可搬型）.
家庭用蓄電システム.
産業用急速充電･急速放電専用電池.
ご契約店様･施工店様.
カタログダウンロード.
会社情報.
私たちの理念.
会社概要.
沿革.
役員一覧.
採用情報.
担当者からのメッセージ.
キャリア採用.
新卒採用.
履歴書・職務経歴書送信フォーム.
ニュース.
お問い合わせ.
個人情報保護方針サイトマップ.
当ウェブサイトでは、お客様のニーズに合ったより良いサービスを提供するために、クッキーを使用しています。個人情報保護方針.
