Solutions.
Platform.
Pricing.
Partners.
News & Events.
Company.
Solutions.
Platform.
Pricing.
Partners.
News & Events.
Company.
Login.
Connio's Internet of Things Privacy Policy.
Overview.
Connio Inc.
, 4426 Starlight Way, North Vancouver, BC, V7N3N9, CANADA ("Connio"), is the responsible entity and has created the following Privacy Policy to describe how Connio uses information it collects when people visit Connio's website located at  (the "Connio Site") or sign up to use Connio's services (the "Services").
Connio may periodically make changes to this Privacy Policy that will be posted on this webpage.
If Connio makes any material changes to this Privacy Policy, Connio will provide notice of such changes through a posting on the Connio Site or through another reasonable means of communication.
What information does Connio collect.
When you use the Connio Site or sign up for the Services, Connio may collect certain contact information from you, including without limitation.
first and last name, organization name, city, state and zip code, email address, and phone number (collectively, "Contact Information").
When purchasing Services, you will be required to provide additional information that may include a credit card number or other banking or payment information ("Billing Information").
To improve the navigation experience on the Connio site, Connio also automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including the pages you request ("Site Information").
Certain Site Information is collected through Connio's use of cookies.
Cookies are sets of data which are stored by your web browser and which contain data.
In as far as your consent is necessary in this respect, this will only take place if you have granted the required consent.
The same applies to web beacons and other standard collection tools.
These tools help provide additional functionality to the Connio Site and help us analyze use of the Connio Site more accurately.
We may also use cookies to help track the level of interest in different features of the Connio Site and to compile data that can help us improve our Services.
You can choose not to use cookies but then you will not be able to take advantage of certain features of the Connio Site.
In addition to the collection of Site Information, in connection with your use of the Services, Connio may collect information that is created or provided by you for such purposes (collectively, "Service Information").
The Contact Information, Billing Information, Site Information and Service Information may be referred to below, collectively, as the "Data".
"Personally Identifiable Data" means that data which directly, or used in conjunction with other provided information, enables the identification of a specific individual.
How is Data used.
Connio may use the Site Information to monitor the use of the Connio Site and to improve the user experience associated with the Connio Site.
Connio uses the Site Information internally and only as described in this Privacy Policy.
If you are not a customer of Connio (i.
e.
, if you have not signed up to receive the Services), Connio will use your Contact Information only for the purpose for which such information was provided.
For example, if you have signed up to receive product information from Connio, we will use your Contact Information only to send you that information.
You may always opt-out of the receipt of any of those communications.
Email opt out instructions are contained in each email.
Connio uses and stores Service Information only for the purpose of conducting business with you.
For example, we will use your Contact Information to provide you with access to the Services you have ordered, as well as support services, technical updates or updates on changes in Connio's usage policies.
Connio may also use your Contact Information to send you company updates and marketing offers and information as long as you have expressly consented to receiving these or in case we have received your Contact Information in the course of a purchase of our Products and Services and we limit such marketing communication to similar Connio products and services.
You may opt-out at any time from receiving marketing information from Connio by clicking the link in the respective electronic marketing communication and, as described in the preceding paragraph.
You may not opt out from non-marketing communications, including service notifications and other operational updates.
To note, Connio's use of the Service Information is also governed by the agreement you enter into with Connio in connection with the Services (the "Services Agreement").
Please refer to the Services Agreement for specific provisions concerning confidentiality and data protection.
In the event of any conflict between this Privacy Policy and the Services Agreement, the Services Agreement will control.
Also, for clarification, this Privacy Policy applies if you are a visitor to the Connio Site or if you purchase the Services.
If you use a third party application or service that is integrated with Connio, then such third party's privacy policy will govern the use, storage and disclosure of your data in connection with such application or service.
Connio may receive orders, subpoenas or other legal demands for Personally Identifiable Data that has been collected on behalf of such third party providers through the use of their applications or services.
In such cases, Connio refers the party requesting the Personally Identifiable Data to the applicable third party provider.
That provider will respond in accordance with its own policies and may disclose your Personally Identifiable Data in response to such subpoena or other demand for information.
Please remember that Connio is not responsible for the policies and practices of such third party providers.
If you have questions about any such disclosures, you should contact the applicable provider directly.
Connio will have no liability in connection with any act or omission of any such provider with respect to your data or information or otherwise.
Connio takes reasonable precautions such as policy-based access control to protect Data in our possession from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access.
Connio follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the Data, both during transmission and once received by Connio.
However, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
While Connio strives to protect your Data, Connio does not guarantee its security.
CalOPPA Disclosures.
Connio does not collect Personally Identifiable Data about a consumer's online activities over time and across different Web sites when consumers use the Connio Site or Services.
However, Connio does allow certain third party services to track its users on the Connio Site and other third party sites over time.
Such third party services are used to support more effective marketing and advertising programs.
Connio does not provide any Personally Identifiable Data to those parties.
You can find more information about tracking and opting-out at .
Does Connio disclose Personally Identifiable Data to third parties.
Connio does not share or disclose any of your Personally Identifiable Data except as described in this Section.
Agents, consultants and related third parties.
Connio uses third party vendors to perform certain business-related functions.
Examples of such functions include data storage services, database maintenance services and payment processing.
When Connio employs such third party vendors to perform services on its behalf, Connio will only provide them with the Personally Identifiable Data that they need to perform their specific function.
Each third party vendor is required to keep such Personally Identifiable Data confidential and not to use such Personally Identifiable Data for any purpose other than providing services to Connio.
Affiliates.
Connio may share Personally Identifiable Data with entities that are control, are controlled by or under common control with Connio (each, an "Affiliate") for the purpose of assisting Connio in providing its Services to you.
In that event, any such Affiliate will use Personally Identifiable Data solely as permitted under this Privacy Policy.
Business transfers.
Connio reserves the right to sell or buy businesses or assets.
In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personally Identifiable Data may be part of the transferred assets.
You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer or successor of Connio may continue to use your Personally Identifiable Data as set forth in this policy.
Legal requirements and other circumstances.
Connio may disclose Personally Identifiable Data if required by law or if it believes in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to.
(a) comply with a legal obligation, (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Connio, or (c) to protect the property or safety of users of the Connio Site or Services or any third party.
If Connio is required by law to disclose any of your Personally Identifiable Data, then we will use reasonable efforts to provide you with notice of that disclosure requirement, unless we are prohibited from doing so by statute, subpoena or court or administrative order.
In addition, if Connio does not believe the disclosure request has been properly issued, then Connio will object to such request.
You can request information about all personal information we have stored about you by contacting us at [email protected].
The same applies to your request to have all these personal information deleted.
In the event that you have volunteered Contact Information and/or provided Billing Information, you may correct or amend that information by editing your account profile or email us at [email protected].
Last Updated.
May 2015.
Product.
Platform.
Pricing.
Solutions.
Company.
About Us.
Jobs.
Partners.
News & Events.
Support.
Request Demo.
Contact Us.
Terms of Service.
Privacy Policy.
Develop.
API Documentation.
Stay Connected.
Thank You.
We've received your application.
