Blog.
Jobs & Career.
Customer portal.
Partner network.
Deutsch.
English.
Try for free.
Deutsch.
English.
ProductsPLMIoTProject managementCollaborationIntegration platformCONTACT Cloud.
PLM.
IoT.
Project management.
Collaboration.
Integration platform.
CONTACT Cloud.
ServicesOverviewManagement consultingTechnical & method consultingSoftware evaluationSystem changeProject managementTrainings.
Overview.
Management consulting.
Technical & method consulting.
Software evaluation.
System change.
Project management.
Trainings.
IndustriesOverviewAutomotive & MobilityMachinery & PlantsMedical EngineeringHigh-tech & ElectronicsConsumer ProductsLogistics & Infrastructure.
Overview.
Automotive & Mobility.
Machinery & Plants.
Medical Engineering.
High-tech & Electronics.
Consumer Products.
Logistics & Infrastructure.
Industry InsightsOverviewAgilityArtificial intelligenceDigital twinPLM-ALM integrationResearch roadmap.
Overview.
Agility.
Artificial intelligence.
Digital twin.
PLM-ALM integration.
Research roadmap.
About UsWho is CONTACTValuesManagementCareerEngagementContact & Locations.
Who is CONTACT.
Values.
Management.
Career.
Engagement.
Contact & Locations.
Newsroom.
Blog.
Jobs & Career.
Customer portal.
Partner network.
Try for free.
Privacy Statement.
We take the protection of your personal data very seriously.
We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this data protection declaration.
Within the framework of our data protection declaration, we explain to you how and to what extent we use your personal data.
Name and address of the responsible.
The responsible is.
CONTACT Software GmbH Wiener Str.
1-3 28359 Bremen, Germany T.
+49 421 20153-0 F.
+49 421 20153-41 E.
.
Name and address of the data protection officer.
The company data protection officer of CONTACT Software GmbH can be contacted at the above address, Mr.
Alexander Zachries, or at .
Server data For technical reasons, the following data, which your Internet browser transmits to us or to our web space provider, are collected (so-called server log files).
Browser type and version.
operating system used.
Website from which you visit us (referrer URL).
Web page you are visiting.
Date and time of your access.
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address.
This anonymous data is stored separately from any personal data you may have provided and thus does not allow any conclusions to be drawn about a specific person.
The legal basis for the data processing is Art.
6 para.
1 p.
1 lit.
f GDPR.
Our legitimate interest lies in evaluating the listed data for statistical purposes in order to be able to optimize our online presence and our offers.
We reserve the right to check this data retrospectively if we become aware of specific indications of unlawful use.
In addition, we use cookies and tracking and analysis services when you visit our website.
You can find more detailed explanations in the section "Cookies".
SSL encoding This site uses SSL encryption for security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as requests you send to us as a site operator.
You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from " to " and by the lock symbol in your browser line.
If SSL encryption is activated, the data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.
Registration function in the customer portal We offer certain persons and companies the possibility to register for the CONTACT customer portal.
The following personal data must be entered in the registration form.
E-mail address.
Last name, first name.
Organization name.
Function.
Phone.
With your registration on our site, we will also store your IP address and the date and time of your registration.
This serves as a safeguard for us in the event that a third party misuses your data and registers on our site with this data without your knowledge.
The data entered in the course of this registration, will be collected and stored exclusively for the use of our offer, until we receive a request for deletion of your address or a deletion is required for other reasons The data collection and data processing of the registration data is based on your express consent, Art.
6 para 1 lit.
a GDPR.
This data will not be passed on to third parties without your express consent.
The consent given to store your data can be revoked at any time, for example by sending an informal e-mail to.
.
Marketing email On our site we offer you the possibility to subscribe to marketing emails from CONTACT Software.
With these e-mails, we inform you at regular intervals about our offers (newsletter), send you information about our events or send campaign-related emails.
In order to receive our marketing emails, you must provide us with the requested personal data and your express consent (Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a) GDPR).
We use the so-called double opt-in procedure.
We will only send you marketing emails if you have previously expressly confirmed that you want us to activate this service.
We will then send you a notification email and ask you to confirm that you wish to receive our marketing emails by clicking on a link contained in this email.
The data collected will only be used to receive our marketing emails.
This data will not be shared with third parties.
The mailing software used is Sendinblue (formerly Newsletter2Go), a tool of Sendinblue GmbH based in Berlin.
Sendinblue processes the data you provide when registering for the newsletter in accordance with the order processing agreement concluded with us.
Further information on data protection at Sendinblue can be found here.
Privacy Policy - Personal Data Protection - Sendinblue.
If you do not wish to receive any more marketing emails from us at a later date, you can object to this at any time without incurring any costs.
A message in text form to the above contact details (e.
g.
email, fax, letter) is sufficient for this.
You will also find an unsubscribe link in every marketing email.
Contact opportunity If you contact us by email or telephone, we store the information you provide (e.
g.
email address, name, telephone number) in order to process your request.
Comment function in the blog In our CONTACT blog, we offer you the opportunity to leave comments on the individual contributions.
Here the IP address and the e-mail address of the author/connection owner are stored.
This storage is for our security in the event that the author's comments interfere with the rights of third parties and/or unlawful content is posted.
Thus, there is a self-interest on our part in the stored data of the author, especially as we can be prosecuted under certain circumstances because of such violations of rights.
This data will not be passed on to third parties without your express consent.
Online events via Cvent In order to offer you online events, we use the Virtual Attendee Hub® and Event Management™ tools of the provider Cvent Inc.
When inviting to and participating in online events via the infrastructure of Cvent Inc.
the following personal data is collected and passed on to Cvent Inc.
for the use of the service.
User details.
first name, last name, email address, personal participation link.
Event metadata.
Topic, description (optional), attendee IP addresses, device/hardware information.
Text/audio/video data if you use the chat, question or poll features, "share screen" feature or unlock the microphone or camera during the event.
Cvent processes this personal data for the provision of its services to customers, including for disclosure to its subsidiaries and affiliates.
In addition, disclosure is made to contractors, service providers and other third parties as necessary or reasonable for the provision, administration and support of its applications.
As part of providing the Tools Virtual Attendee Hub® and Event Management™ applications, Cvent will use your email address to send you information and communications related to the Event.
Cvent does not disclose, sell or trade information to third parties for promotional purposes.
However, disclosure may occur in the case of transactions in which Customer Data is one of Cvent's assets.
To the extent necessary and appropriate, Cvent will disclose personal information when required by applicable laws (including foreign laws), to respond to requests from public and government authorities (including foreign authorities), and to protect against or detect fraudulent transactions.
For other purposes, disclosure is made only with express consent.
In addition, Cvent aggregates and anonymizes information about customers and users of the Applications and uses it to improve its Applications and to create benchmarks and other business intelligence products.
None of the aggregated and anonymized information contains personal data (i.
e.
, it does not identify individuals).
The legal basis for the aforementioned data processing is, in the case of invitations to online events, Art.
6 (1) lit.
f) DS-GVO or, after registration has taken place, Art.
6 (1) lit.
f) DS-GVO with regard to the implementation of the online event.
The personal data will not be passed on to third parties in any other way.
Deletion takes place in accordance with the statutory retention periods.
The processing of the data by Cvent Inc.
takes place as an order processor of CONTACT on the basis of Art.
28 DS-GVO.
The data is processed to the extent permitted by law in Germany, the European Union and the USA.
For data processing in the USA, an appropriate level of protection has been established by agreement of the EU standard contractual clauses.
Further information can be found in the data protection regulations of Cvent Inc.
.
You can access, correct or delete your data by making a request on the website  Cvent will process this request within the time required by applicable regulation or law.
Webcasts via GoToWebinar In order to offer you webcasts, we use the GoToWebinar tool, a service provided by LogMeIn, Inc.
based in the USA.
When you participate in webcasts via the infrastructure of LogMeIn Inc.
, the following personal data is collected and passed on to LogMeIn Inc.
for the use of the service.
User details.
first name, last name, email address, personal participation link.
Webcast metadata.
Topic, description (optional), participant IP addresses, device/hardware information.
Text/audio/video data if you use the chat, question or poll features, "share screen" feature, or unlock the microphone or camera in the webcast.
The legal basis for the data processing is Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f) GDPR.
The personal data will not be passed on to third parties in any other way.
Deletion takes place in accordance with the statutory retention periods.
The processing of the data by LogMeIn Inc.
takes place as an order processor of CONTACT on the basis of Art.
28 GDPR.
The data is processed to the extent permitted by law in Germany, the European Union and the USA.
For data processing in the USA, an appropriate level of protection has been established by agreement of the EU standard contractual clauses.
Further information can be found in the privacy policy of LogMeIn Inc.
.
Cookies.
We use so-called "cookies" on our site to recognize multiple use of our offer, by the same user/internet connection owner.
Cookies are small text files that your internet browser stores on your computer.
They serve to make our website and our offers more user-friendly, effective and secure.
The use of cookies is based on your express consent, Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a) GDPR.
You can configure the cookie settings yourself.
By default, all cookies are disabled when you first visit our website.
You can configure the cookie settings yourself.
You can then either agree to all cookies, select or deselect specific cookies, or reject all cookies.
Tracking will only become active once a selection has been made.
We distinguish between (i) cookies necessary for the function ("function"), e.
g.
to simplify dialogs on a subsequent visit, (ii) analytical cookies ("measurement") e.
g.
to create statistics about the use of this website and (iii) advertising cookies ("marketing") to offer you interest-based advertising and content.
Details of how the cookies work are described below.
Cookie consent with Consent Manager Provider  We use the cookie consent tool Consent Manager Provider (CMP) of Jaohawi AB, Håltegelvägen 1b, 72348 Västerås, Sweden to manage the cookie settings you set.
CMP's tool is used to obtain and document your consent to the storage of certain cookies on your terminal device.
When you visit our website, a connection is established to CMP's servers in order to obtain your consent to cookie use.
In doing so, CMP stores a cookie in your browser in order to be able to personally assign the consent given or its revocation to you.
The use of CMP is based on Art.
6 para.
1 p.
1 lit.
c) GDPR to obtain the legally required consent for cookie use.
Google Analytics with anonymization function We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
on our site.
Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies".
The information generated by these cookies, for example time, place and frequency of your website visit including your IP address, is transmitted to Google in the USA and stored there.
We use Google Analytics with an IP anonymization function on our website.
In this case, your IP address will already be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area and thus anonymized.
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.
Google will, according to its own information, in no case associate your IP address with other Google data.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
You can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) to Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link.
.
You can prevent the collection of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link.
An opt-out cookie will be set that prevents the collection of your data during future visits to this website.
Deactivate Google Analytics For more information on how Google Analytics handles user data, please see Google's privacy policy.
.
This website uses the "demographic characteristics" function of Google Analytics.
This allows reports to be generated that contain statements about the age, gender and interests of site visitors.
This data comes from interest-based advertising from Google as well as visitor data from third-party providers.
This data cannot be assigned to a specific person.
You can deactivate this function at any time via the ad settings in your Google account or generally prohibit the collection of your data by Google Analytics as shown in the item "Objection to data collection".
Google Ads We use Google Ads, an advertising system of Google LLC, on our website in order to advertise our services and products on external websites with the help of ads (Google Ads).
Based on the data of the advertising campaigns placed via Google Ads, we can determine the success of the individual measures and show you interest-based advertising in the future.
Google Ads includes the following functions.
Conversion tracking features 	The Google Ads are delivered via the so-called Ads server of Google.
In the process, ad server cookies are set for conversion tracking, which enable measurement of the frequency with which the ads are displayed or the click behavior of users on the ads.
These cookies are deleted after 30 days.
If, during the validity of the cookie, you click on ads placed with Google and are thereby redirected to our website, both Google and we receive the aforementioned information.
The information obtained via the cookies is used, among other things, to create conversion statistics for Google Ads customers who, like us, have opted for conversion tracking.
In doing so, we only receive statistical information from Google and learn the total number of users who clicked on our ad and were redirected to our website.
However, we do not receive any information that can be used to identify users personally.
Campaign Manager features 	Within Google Ads, the Campaign Manager feature uses cookies to enable the serving of user-specific ads, to improve ad campaign reporting, or to present users with different ads for different views.
Cookie IDs can be used to establish links between ads served and subsequent actions on our website when done through the same browser.
Campaign Manager cookies use this information to show you targeted ads later.
Campaign Manager features 	Within Google Ads, the Campaign Manager feature uses cookies to enable the serving of user-specific ads, to improve ad campaign reporting, or to present users with different ads for different views.
Cookie IDs can be used to establish links between ads served and subsequent actions on our website when done through the same browser.
Campaign Manager cookies use this information to show you targeted ads later.
Disable tracking 	The cookies set enable Google to recognize your internet browser.
Through the use of cookies, a direct connection is automatically established between your browser and Google's servers.
We have no influence on the extent of the data transfer to Google and the further use by Google.
According to our knowledge, Google in any case receives the information that you have called up the relevant part of our web pages or clicked on an advertisement from us.
If you have a Google account, Google can assign the visit to your account.
Even if you are not logged into your Google account or do not have a Google account, Google may collect and store your IP address.
You can prevent the tracking described above by suppressing third-party cookies in your browser settings.
In addition, you can specifically disable conversion tracking cookies by blocking the domain " in your browser settings (see  Finally, you can disable user-specific advertising by using the self-regulatory campaign "About Ads" (see  or via your browser settings (see  Please note that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of our website.
For more information about Google's marketing tools, see Advertising and Analytics Solutions for Large Businesses - the Google Marketing Platform, and Google's Privacy Policy.
.
Disable tracking 	The cookies set enable Google to recognize your internet browser.
Through the use of cookies, a direct connection is automatically established between your browser and Google's servers.
We have no influence on the extent of the data transfer to Google and the further use by Google.
According to our knowledge, Google in any case receives the information that you have called up the relevant part of our web pages or clicked on an advertisement from us.
If you have a Google account, Google can assign the visit to your account.
Even if you are not logged into your Google account or do not have a Google account, Google may collect and store your IP address.
You can prevent the tracking described above by suppressing third-party cookies in your browser settings.
In addition, you can specifically disable conversion tracking cookies by blocking the domain " in your browser settings (see  Finally, you can disable user-specific advertising by using the self-regulatory campaign "About Ads" (see  or via your browser settings (see  Please note that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of our website.
For more information about Google's marketing tools, see Advertising and Analytics Solutions for Large Businesses - the Google Marketing Platform, and Google's Privacy Policy.
.
Google Tag Manager This website uses Google Tag Manager.
Google Tag Manager is a solution that allows marketers to manage website tags through one interface.
The Tag Manager tool itself (which implements the tags) is a cookie-less domain and does not collect any personal data.
The tool takes care of triggering other tags, which in turn may collect data.
Google Tag Manager does not access this data.
If a deactivation has been made at the domain or cookie level, it remains in place for all tracking tags implemented with Google Tag Manager.
Whoisvisiting.
com For continuous optimization and analysis of the website, data is collected and processed on this website in anonymous form using an analysis tool.
Whois Data Ltd determine details of your organization, including contact number, web address, email, business description and where possible, the SIC Code.
Whois Data Ltd show your journey while visiting this site, including all pages visited by you and how long you have spent on each page.
The data used cannot identify an individual visitor’s identity.
As far as IP addresses are collected, they will be made anonymous immediately after collection.
If you do not agree with this, you can object to the collection, processing or storage of your IP address at any time with effect for the future by clicking on the link below.
.
YouTube We use the option to embed YouTube videos on our website, whereby the videos are stored on YouTube.
com, but can be played directly from our website.
YouTube is a service of Google Inc.
YouTube sets cookies when you click on the embedded videos, which give YouTube the information that you have called up the sub-page with the video.
In addition, the server data collected each time you call up our website is transmitted to YouTube.
This occurs even if you do not have a YouTube account or are not logged in with your YouTube account.
If you are logged in with your YouTube account, the transmitted data will be directly assigned to your user account.
If you do not wish this, you must log out of your YouTube account before using our website.
YouTube creates user profiles from the transmitted data and uses the data for advertising purposes, as well as for the improvement and further development of YouTube services.
For more information on the purpose and scope of data collection and its processing by YouTube, please refer to the privacy policy.
There you will also find further information on your rights and setting options to protect your privacy.
.
Vimeo For our customer portal, we use the option of embedding videos from the video portal Vimeo, whereby the videos are stored on vimeo.
com, but can be played directly from our website.
Vimeo is a service of Vimeo LLC.
Vimeo sets cookies when you click on a video embedded on our website via this service, which give Vimeo the information that you have accessed the subpage with the video.
In addition, the server data collected each time you visit our website is transmitted to Vimeo.
This occurs even if you do not have a Vimeo account or are not logged in with your Vimeo account.
If you are logged in with your Vimeo account, the transmitted data is directly assigned to your user account.
If you do not wish this, you must log out of your Vimeo account before using our website.
Vimeo creates user profiles from the transmitted data and uses the data for advertising purposes, as well as for the improvement and further development of the Vimeo services.
For more information on the purpose and scope of data collection and its processing by Vimeo, please refer to the privacy policy.
There you will also find further information about your rights and setting options to protect your privacy.
.
Rights concerned.
You have the right.
in accordance with Art.
15 GDPR to request information about your personal data processed by us.
In particular, you can request information about the processing purposes, the category of personal data, the categories of recipients to whom your data has been or will be disclosed, the planned storage period, the existence of a right to rectification, erasure, restriction of processing or objection, the existence of a right of complaint, the origin of your data if it has not been collected by us, as well as the existence of automated decision-making including profiling and, if applicable, meaningful information about its details.
in accordance with Art.
16 of the GDPR, to demand the immediate correction of inaccurate or incomplete personal data stored by us.
pursuant to Art.
17 GDPR, to request the erasure of your personal data stored by us, unless the processing is necessary for the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and information, for compliance with a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest, or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
in accordance with Art.
18 GDPR, to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data, insofar as the accuracy of the data is disputed by you, the processing is unlawful, but you object to its erasure and we no longer need the data, but you need it for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims or you have objected to the processing in accordance with Art.
21 GDPR.
pursuant to Art.
20 GDPR, to receive your personal data that you have provided to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format or to request that it be transferred to another controller.
in accordance with Art.
7 (3) of the GDPR, to revoke your consent once given to us at any time.
This has the consequence that we may no longer continue the data processing, which was based on this consent, for the future.
and.
complain to a supervisory authority in accordance with Article 77 of the GDPR.
As a rule, you can contact the supervisory authority of your usual place of residence or workplace or our registered office for this purpose.
Right of objection.
If your personal data is processed on the basis of legitimate interests, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in accordance with Article 21 of the GDPR, provided that there are grounds for doing so that arise from your particular situation or the objection is directed against direct marketing.
In the latter case, you have a general right of objection, which is implemented by us without specifying a particular situation.
If you would like to exercise your right of revocation or objection, an e-mail to is sufficient.
Actuality and change of this privacy policy.
This privacy policy is currently valid and has the status July 2021.
Due to the further development of our website and our services or due to changes in legal or regulatory requirements, it may become necessary to amend this data protection declaration.
You can access and print out the current data protection statement at any time on the website at .
Imprint.
Privacy.
Security.
Sitemap.
CompanyWho is CONTACTManagementNewsEventsCustomer ReferencesJob Offers.
Who is CONTACT.
Management.
News.
Events.
Customer References.
Job Offers.
ProductsCIM DatabaseElements for IoTProject OfficeCollaboration Hub.
CIM Database.
Elements for IoT.
Project Office.
Collaboration Hub.
InformationContact & LocationsService hotline.
Contact & Locations.
Service hotline.
Customer & Partner Portal.
Blog.
Thank You.
We received your request.
Please check your inbox within the next 5 minutes.
You should receive                    a confirmation mail with a link to complete the signup.
Error.
There was a technical problem processing your request.
Please try again.
If this keeps happening                    please contact us by mail directly.
We apologize for the inconvenience.
We are here to help.
Talk with our team.
