0.
DONATE                                                         Buffalo Relief Fund                                                                                                       View giving opportunities                                                                                                       Missionaries                                                                                                       Launch Offering                                                                                                       Church planting                                                                                                       Church strengthening                                                                                                       Global missions                                                                                                       Biblical Diversity                                                                                                       World Relief                                                                                                       Ways to give.
Buffalo Relief Fund.
View giving opportunities.
Missionaries.
Launch Offering.
Church planting.
Church strengthening.
Global missions.
Biblical Diversity.
World Relief.
Ways to give.
Privacy policy.
To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
READ MORE.
Introduction.
This Privacy Notice explains in detail the types of personal data we may collect about you when you interact with us.
It also explains how we will store and handle that data.
We know there’s a lot of information here, but we want you to be fully informed about your rights.
For example, we will explain things such as how we share data across the Converge family, including, but not limited to, the Converge Cornerstone Fund, Converge Retirement Plan, Converge Foundation and Converge Districts, to better serve you.
It’s likely that we will need to update this Privacy Notice from time to time.
If you are subscribed to our mailing list, we’ll notify you of any significant changes, but you’re welcome to come back and check it whenever you wish.
Personal information we collect.
Personal information is data relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
An identifiable natural person is someone who can be distinguished, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number,        location data, an online identifier, or to one or more factors specific to that natural person.
We do not consider personal information to include information that has been anonymized or aggregated so that it can no longer be used to identify a specific natural person, whether in combination with other information or otherwise.
We collect personal information from you when you subscribe to newsletters or engage with other services we may provide.
We collect personal information from you and any devices (including mobile devices) you use when you.
subscribe to communication from us, register for an account on a website, provide us with information on a web form, update or add information to        your profile or preferences, or when you otherwise correspond with us.
Some of this personal information, such as a way to identify you, is necessary for us to be able to communicate with you.
The provision of all other personal information is voluntary.
We may also collect personal information from other sources, as described below.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Personal information you give us when you register with us or use our services.
Identifying information such as your name, postal address or email address when you subscribe to communications from us.
Information you provide in the course of making a financial donation, though we do not store bank account or credit card numbers.
We collect passwords and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
In some instances, if you respond to a survey you may voluntarily provide us with your age, title, gender or interests.
You may also provide us with other information.
through a web form.
by updating or adding information concerning your communication preferences.
through your participation on social media.
through personal communications, or when you otherwise            communicate with us regarding our work and services.
Personal information we collect automatically when you register for an account with us or use any services we offer.
Information about your communications with us and your interaction with our services.
This is information we receive from the devices (including mobile) you use when you access our services or visit our website.
This information could include.
device ID or unique identifier and device type.
Location information, including location information from your mobile device.
Keep in mind that most mobile devices allow you to control or disable the use of location services by any application on your mobile device in the device’s settings            menu.
Computer and connection information such as statistics on your web page views, traffic to and from the sites, referral URL, ad data, your IP address, your browsing history and your web log information.
Personal information we collect using cookies and similar technologies.
We use cookies, web beacons, unique identifiers, and similar technologies to collect information about the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take when using our services within our communication or email content.
Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default.
If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies.
If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or            services of our Services.
To opt-out of interest-based advertising by advertisers on our Services visit .
Personal information collected from other sources.
We may supplement the personal information we collect with information collected from third parties.
For example, we may collect and use demographic and other information that is publicly available as allowed by applicable national laws.
We allow you to share information with social media sites.
Those social media sites may give us automatic access to certain personal information retained by them about you (e.
g.
content viewed by you, content liked by you and information about the advertisements you have viewed or clicked).
If you provide us with access to any site with video content, then you agree that we can share your video viewing with, or obtain information about your video viewing from, third-party social media sites until you withdraw authorization or connection to the social media site.
You control the personal information you allow us to have access to through the privacy settings on the applicable social media site and the permissions you give us when you grant us access to the personal information retained by the respective social media site about you.
By associating an account managed by a social media site with your account and authorizing us to have access to this information, you agree that we can collect, use and retain the information provided by these social media sites in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
We may also use plug-ins or other technologies from various social media sites.
If you click on a link provided via a social media plug in, you are voluntarily establishing a connection with that respective social media site.
If you give us personal information about someone else, you must do so only with that person’s authorization.
You should inform them how we collect, use, disclose, and retain their personal information according to our Privacy Notice.
How we use your personal information.
We use your personal information to improve our services, provide you with personalized communications, communicate with you about your engagement with us and our services, and to detect, prevent, mitigate and investigate fraudulent or illegal activities.
We use the personal information we collect from you for a range of different purposes and according to different legal bases of processing.
The following is a summary of how and according to which legal bases we use your personal information.
We use your personal information to provide you with our communications and services, to comply with our legal obligation, protect your vital interest, or as may be required for the public good.
This includes.
To provide donation processing and account preference management, operate, measure and improve our services, keep our services safe, secure and operational and customize site content that includes communications and services that you may value            in response to actions that you take.
To contact you regarding your record, to troubleshoot problems with your record, to resolve any dispute or to provide you service.
When contacting you for such purposes as outlined above, we may contact you via email, telephone, SMS/text messages,            postal mail and via mobile push notifications.
To provide other services requested by you as described when we collect the information.
We use general location information to provide you with location-based services (such as search results, appropriate giving information and other personalized content).
To prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate fraud, security breaches or other potentially prohibited or illegal activities.
To enforce this Privacy Notice or other policies.
We use your personal information to pursue our legitimate interests where your rights and freedoms do not outweigh these interests.
We have implemented controls to balance our interests with your rights.
This includes.
To improve our services, for example by reviewing information associated with stalled or crashed pages experienced by users, allowing us to identify and fix problems and give you a better experience.
To personalize, measure, and improve our communication based on your communication customization preferences.
To contact you via email or postal mail in order to poll your opinions through surveys or questionnaires and inform you about our services, as authorized by applicable law.
To contact you about public policy matters, or other current events, related to your ability to use our services.
To deliver targeted communication, service updates, and other communications based on your communication preferences and site activities.
To measure the performance of our email campaigns (e.
g.
by analyzing open and click rates).
To monitor and improve the information security of our site and mobile applications.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Will your information be shared with anyone.
We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We may process or share data based on the following legal basis.
Consent.
We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests.
We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract.
Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations.
We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response            to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests.
We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats            to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations.
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers.
We may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such            information to do that work.
Examples include.
payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts.
We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Services,            which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Services over time.
This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand            online activity.
Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
We have contracts in place with our data processors.
This means that they cannot            do anything with your personal information unless we have instructed them to do it.
They will not share your personal information with any organization apart from us.
They will hold it securely and retain it for the period we instruct.
How do we keep your information safe.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process.
However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure.
Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk.
You should only access the services within a secure environment.
How can I exercise my Data Subject rights.
If you would like to access, review, update, rectify, and delete any Personal Information we hold about you, or exercise any other data subject right available to you under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you can email us        directly.
Our team will examine your request and respond to you as quickly as possible.
Please note that we may still use any aggregated and anonymized Personal Information that does not identify any individual, and may also retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce        our agreements.
Converge.
A movement of churches working to help people meet, know and follow Jesus.
We do this by starting and strengthening churches together worldwide.
For 170 years we’ve helped churches bring life change to communities in the U.
S.
and around    the world through church planting and multiplication, leadership training and coaching and global missions.
800.
323.
4215 // Contact.
Ministries.
Church planting.
Church strengthening.
Global missions.
Biblical Diversity.
Events.
Resources.
Retirement Plan.
Investments & loans.
Find a church.
Africa.
Asia.
Australia.
Canada.
Converge National.
Europe.
Japan.
Latin America.
Mexico.
Middle East.
New Zealand.
Converge districts.
Great Lakes.
Heartland.
MidAmerica.
MidAtlantic.
North Central.
Northeast.
Northwest.
PacWest.
Rocky Mountain.
Southeast.
Southwest.
Support Converge.
Copyright © 2022 Converge.
All rights reserved.
Privacy policy // Site map.
Select a location.
Selecting your location helps us connect you to your local Converge team.
Great Lakes.
Heartland.
MidAmerica.
MidAtlantic.
National.
North Central.
Northeast.
Northwest.
PacWest.
Southeast.
Southwest.
Rocky Mountain.
Caribbean.
United States.
Alabama.
Alaska.
Arizona.
Arkansas.
California (Northern).
California (Southern).
Colorado.
Connecticut.
Delaware.
Florida.
Georgia.
Hawaii.
Idaho.
Illinois.
Indiana.
Iowa.
Kansas.
Kentucky.
Louisiana.
Maine.
Maryland.
Massachusetts.
Michigan.
Michigan (Upper peninsula).
Minnesota.
Mississippi.
Missouri.
Montana.
Nebraska.
Nevada (Northern).
Nevada (Southern).
New Hampshire.
New Jersey (Northern).
New Jersey (Southern).
New Mexico (Northern).
New Mexico (Southern).
New York (East).
New York (West).
North Carolina.
North Dakota.
Ohio.
Oklahoma.
Oregon.
Pennsylvania.
Rhode Island.
South Carolina.
South Dakota.
Tennessee.
Texas.
Utah.
Vermont.
Virginia.
Washington.
West Virginia.
Wisconsin.
Wyoming.
Hi .
Logout.
Welcome back.
Church plantingOverviewBecome a church planterChurch multiplicationAssessmentResidency programResidencies for churchesTraining & partnershipsFunding & supportUnleash ConferenceChurch Planting Weekend.
Overview.
Become a church planter.
Church multiplication.
Assessment.
Residency program.
Residencies for churches.
Training & partnerships.
Funding & support.
Unleash Conference.
Church Planting Weekend.
Strengthen your churchOverviewPastorsChurchesMinistry AssessmentWomen's Bridge NetworkChaplainsUnleash Conference.
Overview.
Pastors.
Churches.
Ministry Assessment.
Women's Bridge Network.
Chaplains.
Unleash Conference.
MissionsOverview & regionsBecome a missionaryChurchesSupport a missionaryInternshipsServing opportunitiesMissionary AssessmentLeadership teamWorld ReliefReach ConferenceSummit for the Nations.
Overview & regions.
Become a missionary.
Churches.
Support a missionary.
Internships.
Serving opportunities.
Missionary Assessment.
Leadership team.
World Relief.
Reach Conference.
Summit for the Nations.
Biblical Diversity.
Stories of impact.
ResourcesSearch resourcesPoint MagazineUnleash ConferenceReach ConferenceFind a church.
Search resources.
Point Magazine.
Unleash Conference.
Reach Conference.
Find a church.
ServicesInvestments & LoansRetirement PlanMinistry career opportunitiesConverge FoundationLicensing & Ordination.
Investments & Loans.
Retirement Plan.
Ministry career opportunities.
Converge Foundation.
Licensing & Ordination.
Events.
AboutAbout ConvergeLeadership & staffVision & missionOur beliefsJoin ConvergeFind a churchCareersContactBright Ministry Center.
About Converge.
Leadership & staff.
Vision & mission.
Our beliefs.
Join Converge.
Find a church.
Careers.
Contact.
Bright Ministry Center.
GiveGiving opportunitiesSupport a missionaryWorld ReliefWays to giveContact.
Giving opportunities.
Support a missionary.
World Relief.
Ways to give.
Contact.
Converge.
800.
323.
4215.
Email.
11002 Lake Hart DrOrlando, FL 32832.
