ProductOverviewTrust Platform.
Overview.
Trust Platform.
Pricing.
Solutions.
ResourcesBlogDocumentation.
Blog.
Documentation.
companyAbout UsContact Us.
About Us.
Contact Us.
login.
get started.
ProductOverviewTrust Platform.
Overview.
Trust Platform.
Pricing.
Solutions.
ResourcesBlogDocumentation.
Blog.
Documentation.
companyAbout UsContact Us.
About Us.
Contact Us.
login.
get started.
Corlina Privacy Policy.
Last updated.
February 26, 2018.
Corlina, Inc (“Corlina” ,”We”, “Us”) is committed to protecting your privacy.
We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the Application Data and Personal Data (each as defined below) that we collect from users of our website (located at  the Corlina Systems and Corlina Module (the “Services“), or related services.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and considered a part of, the Corlina Terms of Service, currently located at Terms.
This Privacy Policy covers our collection, use and disclosure of information we collect through our website  and our Services, including the Corlina Module and on dashboard.
corlina.
com.
The use of information collected through our Services shall be limited to the purpose of providing the service for which the Client has engaged Corlina.
User Consent.
By submitting or making available Application Data or Personal Data through our website, Services, or related services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the processing of your Application Data and Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Your Personal Data may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of Personal Data may be less stringent than the laws in your country.
Information We Collect About You.
A Note About Children.
We do not intentionally gather Personal Data about visitors who are under the age of 13.
Types of Data We Collect.
Corlina collects Personal Data and Anonymous Data from you when you visit our site, when you send us information or communications, and/or when you download and use our Services.
“Personal Data” means data that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, phone number, zip code, and email address.
“Anonymous Data” means data about you that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data (but does not include Application Data, which is covered later in this Privacy Policy).
Anonymous Data does not permit the identification of individual persons.
We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data, as described below.
Personal Data You Provide to Us.
We collect Personal Data from you, such as first and last name, phone number, zip code, email, professional title, company name, and password, when you purchase Services or register to receive information.
In addition, we (or our third-party credit card or payment processor on our behalf) will collect Personal Data including your credit card number or account information when you purchase Services on our website.
We also retain information on your behalf, such as the Personal Data described above and any correspondence.
If you provide us feedback or contact us via email (e.
g.
, regarding a question you may have about our Services before purchase), we will collect your name and email address, as well as any other content included in the email, in order to send you a reply, and any information that you submit to us.
We also collect other types of Personal Data that you provide to us voluntarily, such as operating system and version, information about your application and operating environment, and other requested information if you contact us via email regarding support for the Services).
Personal Data Collected via Technology.
To make our website, Services, and related services more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third-party service provider) collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data from you, such as browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.
We may also use certain technologies such as Cookies (as defined below), web beacons, JavaScript, and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators (URL) to.
gather information about the date and time of your visit and about the solutions and information for which you searched or which you may have viewed.
analyze trends.
administer the website.
gather information about users’ movements around the website.
and.
gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
Like most Internet services, we automatically gather data about you or your device and store it in log files each time you visit our website or access your account on our network.
Cookies We Use.
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored on your hard drive or in device memory.
We link the information we store in Cookies to the personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.
We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our website.
Your Web browser may allow you to delete, block or otherwise disable the use of Cookies or HTML5.
If you choose to disable Cookies, some areas of our website may not work properly.
Most web pages contain elements from multiple web domains so when you visit  your browser may receive cookies from several sources.
This includes third parties that we have hired to provide services on our behalf, such as site analytics or content hosting.
By continuing to visit our site, you are agreeing to use of the cookies and similar technologies for the purposes we describe in this policy.
Our partners, affiliates, and other service providers may use Cookies and other technologies to improve the quality of your experience when you interact with our website, Services, and related services.
We may receive reports based on the use of certain technologies by these companies on an individual and aggregated basis.
We may use Cookies, clear gifs, and other technologies in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients.
This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
Managing and Deleting Cookies.
Cookies can be monitored and deleted from your browser.
Since browsers create and store cookies, they are also the most direct way to access, manage, and delete cookies.
Please keep in mind that if you disable all cookies, certain portions of our website may not work properly since certain necessary cookies and functionality cookies will be disabled.
Tools offered by third parties can help you see and manage the types of cookies and trackers that you encounter.
More information about cookies and cookie management can be found on  and .
Third Parties.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Privacy Policy, only Corlina collects Personal Data through our website, Services, or the related services provided solely by Corlina.
This Privacy Policy applies only to the use and disclosure of Personal Data that we collect while you use our website, Services, or related services.
Our provision of a link to any other website or location is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other website or location or its contents.
When you click on such a link, you will leave our site and go to another site.
During this process, a third party may collect Personal Data or Anonymous Data from you.
We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content.
Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of data after you click on a link to a third party.
We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit.
Use of Your Personal Data.
In general, Personal Data you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make, or to aid us in serving you better.
Corlina uses your Personal Data in the following ways.
to facilitate the creation of and secure your account on our network.
identify you as a user in our system.
provide improved administration of our website, Services, and related services.
improve the quality of experience when you interact with our website, Services, and related services.
send you a welcome email to verify ownership of the email address provided when your account was created.
send you administrative email notifications, such as security or support and maintenance advisories.
respond to your inquiries related to requests for information.
send promotional communications.
provide you with hardcopy or electronic newsletters, or surveys.
send upgrades and special offers related to our Services and related services and for other marketing purposes of Corlina should you request to receive such communications from us.
make telephone calls to you, from time to time, as a part of secondary fraud protection or to solicit your feedback.
If you provide feedback on our Services or related services to us, we may use such feedback for any purpose, provided we will not associate such feedback with your Application Data or your Personal Data.
Corlina will collect any information contained in such communication and will treat the Application Data and Personal Data in such communication in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data.
We may share your Personal Data with third parties to provide technical support or to provide specific services, such as hosting of your applications, communicating with you via live chat software or payment processing for purchases.
Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data (as described below), Corlina may disclose Personal Data if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Corlina.
or (b) protect or defend the rights or property of Corlina or users of the Services or related services.
If Corlina is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Except as otherwise stated in this policy, we do not sell, trade, share, or rent the Personal Data collected from our services to third parties other than as outlined in this policy.
You expressly consent to the sharing of your Personal Data as described in this policy.
Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Data.
We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Data.
We will periodically send you free newsletters and emails that directly promote the use of our site or the purchase of our Services or services.
When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the email you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below).
Despite your indicated email preferences, we may send you notices of any updates to our Terms of Service or Privacy Policy.
You may change any of your Personal Data in your account by editing your profile within the registration portion of our website or by sending an email to us at the email address set forth below.
You may request deletion of your account information by us by sending an email to but please note that we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements).
We will respond to access to Personal Data within 30 days.
When we delete account information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.
We will otherwise retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services as well as is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Social Media Features and Widgets.
Our web site includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets, such as the “Share this” button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site.
These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website.
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Types of Application Data We Collect.
Corlina collects Application Data when our Services are deployed in your environment.
“Application Data” means data about the performance of your devices and network, telemetry data, connectivity and traffic data, and system data such as applications deployed.
Use of Your Application Data.
Application Data we collect is primarily used to display system performance information back to the account user.
It is also used by Corlina personnel to answer questions that customers may have about their account and to develop and improve our products.
Corlina may also aggregate Application Data across multiple accounts and use this data to create and publish industry benchmarks or comparative system performance metrics.
Individual Transaction Data collected by Corlina is obfuscated by default.
Users have the option of changing the configuration of Corlina’s products so that individual Transaction Data is not obfuscated.
Security of Your Application and Personal Data.
Corlina is committed to protecting the security of your Application Data and Personal Data.
We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Application Data and Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
We also require you to enter a password to access your account information.
Please do not disclose your account password to unauthorized people.
Despite these measures, you should know that Corlina cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with Application Data and Personal Data and mistakes and security breaches may happen.
If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at the address provided below.
Contact Information.
Corlina welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy.
Please email us at or contact us at the following address.
Corlina, Inc.
Attn.
Legal Department623 Woodland Ave, Suite 100Menlo Park, CA USA 94025.
Changes to This Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your Application Data and Personal Data, we will notify you by sending you an email to the last email address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our website.
Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an email notice to you of the changes, thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our site, or the date that you accept the changes (e.
g.
, by clicking an “I Accept” button or similar means).
These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our website, Services, or related services.
Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your Personal Data to provide us with your most current email address.
In the event that the last email address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the email containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice.
In any event, changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of Application Data or Personal Data that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes.
If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Application Data or Personal Data, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us.
Continued use of our website, Services, or related services, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
Overview.
Solutions.
Documentation.
Blog.
company.
Contact Us.
