SolutionsData LakePredictive QualityPredictive MaintenanceVisual InspectionAnomaly DetectionSoftware SolutionsSuccess Stories.
Solutions.
Data Lake.
Predictive Quality.
Predictive Maintenance.
Visual Inspection.
Anomaly Detection.
Software Solutions.
Success Stories.
Productsnavio.
Products.
navio.
ServicesConsultancyResearch.
Services.
Consultancy.
Research.
About UsCompanyTeam & Know-How.
About Us.
Company.
Team & Know-How.
Careers.
Careers.
NewsBlogTech Talks.
News.
Blog.
Tech Talks.
More.
More.
Data Protection / Cookie Policy.
craftworks GmbH is a software and artificial intelligence company that develops customized solutions in the areas of predictive maintenance, big data, data analytics and more.
In order to continue to successfully master our challenges with this outstanding and professional team, we also process personal data, among other things.
What is personal data.
By personal data, we refer to information about your identity such as your name, e-mail address or postal address.
Directly as craftworks GmbH we process personal data as part of our applicant management (CVs and contact details such as name, address, telephone number, email address, social media profile photos) as well as customer data generated by stating the contact details (email address, name) on our website.
As a contractor to our clients, we sometimes manage and process personal information.
For this, we keep a register of processing activities according to the Data Protection Act 2018.
Transfer to third parties.
Of course, all data you have provided to us will be treated confidentially.
In principle, we do not make your data available to others for use unless you have given your consent to this or we are obliged to disclose this data, for example, due to a court order.
What happens to your data.
We collect, store and process information in order to better understand you and better serve you.
For this purpose, we conduct internal investigations regarding demography, user interests, and behavior.
If you have consented to this by submitting a declaration of consent, we also collect, store and process personal information for the purpose of individual information and support.
These include personalized services, in particular the provision of targeted, user-specific content as well as the possibility of interactive communication (sending e-mails, pop-up windows and product offerings), for example in the context of communication with interested parties and customers of craftworks GmbH, who work in craftworks GmbH customer area of ​​the website (hereinafter referred to as "customer area").
This allows us to provide our users with tailored content and services and increase their personal value in our online services.
Furthermore, we store your IP address for a maximum of 4 weeks after usage.
The purpose is to provide the required identification in the event of interference by users in our websites or in the event of other legal violations by the participants.
After the four-week retention of data, they will be deleted immediately.
Use of cookies.
To make our offer as pleasant as possible, we use so-called "cookies", like many well-known companies.
Cookies are small text files that allow the user to be recognized so that users do not have to log in each time.
In addition, cookies can help to tailor the offers to your interests.
Among other things, we use our own cookies to analyze the use of the offer and to give you interesting information.
Of course, you can also use our offers without cookies.
WWW browsers can be set so that cookies are generally rejected.
We also use cookies from suppliers who provide analytical services for us.
These third-party cookies are used to analyze the usage behavior and to optimize it accordingly or to submit content to the users in a user-specific manner.
We may place a unique cookie on the user's browser or read one there.
When visiting the site, information about your visit, such as about how often you have visited which areas of the page.
The details of use are described below.
Google Analytics.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
(“Google”).
Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA.
On behalf of the website provider, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider.
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser.
However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Furthermore, you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under .
IP anonymization is activated on this website.
Data Security.
We strive to keep your privacy secure under applicable data protection laws, yet no electronic communication is completely secure.
We would like to point out that despite our high standards, information that you voluntarily share over the internet can be shared by others.
Therefore, the craftworks GmbH is neither responsible nor liable for the disclosure of information due to errors in data transmission and/or unauthorized access by third parties.
No liability for linked affiliate online offers.
We also work with various partners, who in turn offer internet sites and services accessible through our sites.
These partners typically have their own privacy policies and/or guidelines.
We also assume no responsibility or liability for these statements and guidelines not related to craftworks GmbH.
Changes to this privacy policy.
craftworks GmbH reserves the right to change this privacy policy at any time in compliance with the applicable data protection regulations.
Your rights.
You have the right at any time to revoke your consent to the use of your personal data by sending an e-mail to and asking to delete your specified data.
On the basis of Art.
13 and 14 DSRL - you have the right to receive information about.
by whom,.
by whom,.
on what legal basis, and.
on what legal basis, and.
for what purpose your data is processed and.
for what purpose your data is processed and.
to whom they are transmitted.
to whom they are transmitted.
In addition to the previously known rights to information (Article 15), rectification (Article 16), deletion (Article 17, extended to the "right to be forgotten") and opposition (Article 21) 10, new rights are introduced.
According to Article 18 “right to a restriction of the processing” you have the right of the person responsible to demand the restriction of the processing if for example the correctness of the data is denied.
Article 20 also grants you the right to data portability.
This is to ensure that the personal data provided by you, which are stored by a (private) provider in a specific technical environment, can in certain cases be transferred to a new technical environment without technical barriers for those affected by a change of provider.
Please inform us of this right, stating your full name, address and telephone number (for queries on our part) at Your request will only be processed if your identity can be clearly identified.
Therefore please provide us with a copy of an official photo ID with your request.
In order to bridge the duration of the general claim period, these data are stored 3 years after the information has been provided.
All other personal information described will only be stored for as long as necessary and as required by law.
If you have further questions regarding the processing of your personal data, please contact.
craftworks GmbH.
Schotttenfeldgasse 20/6A.
1070 Vienna.
You can also file a complaint, especially with the Data Protection Authority (.
Solutions.
Services.
News.
Contact.
Data Lake.
Predictive Quality.
Predictive Maintenance.
Visual Inspection.
Anomaly Detection.
Software Solutions.
Success Stories.
Consultancy.
Research.
About Us.
Company.
Team  & Know-How.
Careers.
Blog.
Tech Talks.
Others.
craftworks GmbHSchottenfeldgasse 20/6A1070 Vienna.
​.
+43 660 101 30 92.
Terms and Conditions.
Imprint.
Data Protection / Cookie Policy.
Products.
navio.
Copyright © __YEAR__ craftworks | All Rights Reserved.
