English.
French.
German.
Chinese (中文).
Products.
Pages.
Products.
How to Buy                      Find a Dealer or Partner                       Find a Crestron Representative                       Showrooms & Experience Centers.
Find a Dealer or Partner.
Find a Crestron Representative.
Showrooms & Experience Centers.
Support.
Partners.
Training & Events                      Training                       Events                       Webinars.
Training.
Events.
Webinars.
Contact Us                      Our Locations                       Have A Question.
Careers.
Our Locations.
Have A Question.
Careers.
News.
Register.
Sign In.
Back.
Featured Solutions.
Digital Workplace.
Crestron Flex Video Conferencing.
Intelligent Video.
Crestron Room Scheduling.
AirMedia®.
DigitalMedia NVX Series.
Crestron and Microsoft Teams Panels.
LED Light Fixtures.
Crestron Flex Mini Tabletop.
Crestron Flex Phones.
Crestron Flex Soundbars.
Crestron Flex Tabletop.
Horizon Thermostat.
TSW 70 Series.
Crestron Flex Care.
Crestron One.
Home Conferencing.
Designer Keypads.
Cameo Keypads.
Residential Audio Solutions.
Current Promotions.
DigitalMedia™.
4-Series™ Control Systems.
DMPS/DM Lite.
DMPS3 Series.
XiO Cloud.
Crestron Home.
Horizon Keypads.
Residential Lighting Solution.
Shading Solutions.
Crestron Fliptops.
Crestron Amps.
Web-Based Configuration Platform.
DM NVX D80.
DigitalMedia Matrix Switchers.
Exploring Avia Audio DSP.
Commercial Lighting.
Crestron Next Road Trip.
Crestron Next Road Trip Europe.
Shure Partnership.
Market Solutions.
Enterprise Solutions.
Crestron Home.
Education Solutions.
Government Solutions.
Hospitality Solutions.
Commercial Lighting Solutions.
Marine Solutions.
MDU Solutions.
Accessories.
Connectors.
Compression Connectors.
Mounting Hardware.
Plastic Boxes.
Pole Mounting Hardware.
Rack Mounting Hardware.
Trim Rings.
Power Supplies.
Battery Packs.
Cresnet Power Supplies.
PoE Injectors.
Power Conditioners.
Power Over Ethernet.
Power Packs.
Uninterruptible Power Supplies.
Crestron Mercury™.
The only UC and AV all-in-one tabletop solution.
Read More.
Audio.
Amplifiers.
Commercial Amplifiers.
Audio Extenders.
Audio over CAT5 Extenders.
Audio Processors.
Digital Signal Processors.
Volume/EQ Control.
Microphones.
Microphone Mixer.
Wired Microphones.
Multiroom Audio.
Multiroom Audio Accessories.
Multiroom Audio Systems.
Speakers - Commercial.
In-Ceiling Speakers.
Pendant Speakers.
Sound Bars.
Surface Mount Speakers.
Commercial Speaker Accessories.
Speakers - Residential.
In-Ceiling Speakers.
In-Wall Speakers.
Landscape Speakers.
Residential Speaker Accessories.
Surround Sound.
HD Surround Sound Processors.
Avia™ Digital Signal Processors.
Best-in-class audio solutions for commercial and institutional spaceRead More.
Control Hardware & Software.
Hardware.
Accessories.
Building & Enterprise Management Hardware.
Control Cards.
Control Modules.
Control Systems.
Distribution Devices.
Interfaces.
Interface Modules.
Software.
Apps.
Building & Enterprise Management Software.
Control System Software.
XiO Cloud®.
Development Software.
Licensing.
Software for Lighting Systems.
Virtual Control Surfaces.
Wireless Communications.
Wireless Expanders.
Wireless Gateways.
Crestron Fusion.
Monitoring & Scheduling SoftwareRead More.
Control Surfaces.
Accessories.
Docking Stations.
Interface Cables.
Interface Modules.
IR & RF Devices.
Keypad Buttons.
Keypad Faceplate Color Samples.
Keypad Faceplates & Covers.
Mounting Hardware.
Niko Connectivity Accessories.
Presentation Controller Labels.
Remote Buttons.
Touch Screen Buttons & Bezels.
Touch Screen Light Bars.
Touch Screen Faceplates.
Room Availability Signs & Accessories.
Room Availability Signs.
Room Availability Sign Accessories.
Keypads.
Cameo Keypads.
Horizon™ Keypads.
LCD Keypads.
Lighting System Companion Keypads.
Niko Keypads.
Presentation Controllers.
Table Top Keypads.
AirMedia Keypads.
Remotes.
Lighting System Companion Remotes.
Programmable Remotes.
Touch Screens.
Extra-Large Touch Screens.
Large Touch Screens.
Medium Touch Screens.
Wireless Touch Screens.
Crestron 70 Series Touch Screens.
Touch screens that expand your reachRead More.
Interconnects, Interfaces & Infrastructure.
Control & Connectivity Solutions.
Connection Compartment Accessories.
Connection Compartments.
Infrastructure.
CresFiber Cables.
CresFiber Connectors.
Cresnet Cables.
DigitalMedia Cables.
DigitalMedia Connector Accessories.
DigitalMedia Connectors.
Ethernet Jacks & Patch Panels.
Structured Cabling.
Interconnects.
Audio Cables.
Audio Interface Cables.
CAT5 Cables.
Serial Cables.
USB Cables.
Video Interface Cables.
Interfaces.
Wall Plate Connectors.
Horizon™ Keystone Plates & Receptacles.
Crestron Connectivity Solutions.
Read More.
Lighting & Environment.
Climate Control.
Thermostat Accessories.
Thermostats.
STEINEL Products.
Occupancy & Presence Detectors.
Wall Switches with Sensors.
Wall Switches.
Accessories.
Integrated Lighting Systems.
Accessories.
Cabinets & Enclosures.
Controllers.
Dimming Modules.
Power Metering.
Switching Modules.
Terminal Blocks.
SpaceBuilder.
Lighting Fixture Accessories.
Interfaces.
Lamp Switch Control.
LED Controllers.
LED Drivers.
Locks.
Door Lock Accessories.
Door Locks.
Sensors.
Occupancy Sensors.
Combination Occupancy & Photosensors.
Partition Sensors.
Photosensors.
Door Sensors.
Sensor Accessories.
Single-Room Lighting Controls.
Accessories.
In-Ceiling Solutions.
In-Wall Solutions.
Stand-Alone Lighting Controls.
Dimmer/Switch Combo.
Dimmers.
Remote Dimmers.
Switches.
Wireless Networked Lighting Solutions.
Accessories.
Control & Communications.
Pre-Configured Integrated Enclosures.
In-Ceiling Load Controllers.
In-Wall Load Controllers.
Keypads.
Sensors.
Wired Networked Lighting Solutions.
Accessories.
Control & Communications.
In-Ceiling Load Controllers.
Keypads.
Keypad Buttons.
Horizon Keypads.
Inviting to the touch, appealing to the eyeRead More.
Shades.
Accessories.
Hardware Samples.
Power Supplies.
Power Supply Accessories.
Template Kits.
Textile Samples.
Third-Party Shade & Drapery Controllers.
Drapery Systems.
Hardware.
Motors.
Roller Shade Systems.
Hardware.
Optional Hardware Add-Ons.
Motors.
Shading Solutions.
Our new brushless motor provides greater reliability, much longer life, and ultra-quiet operation.
Read More.
Video.
Accessories.
Faceplates.
Home Conferencing.
Crestron HomeTime™.
All-In-One Solutions.
AV System Package.
DigitalMedia Presentation Switchers.
Multi-Format Presentation Switchers.
DigitalMedia 4K Fiber Solutions.
Accessories.
Card Chassis.
DigitalMedia Endpoints.
Accessories.
Receivers.
Transmitters.
USB Extenders.
DigitalMedia Modular Matrix.
Input Cards & Blades.
Output Cards & Blades.
Switcher Chassis.
Switcher Chassis Accessories.
DigitalMedia Streaming Solutions.
Management Tools.
Encoder/Decoders.
Receivers.
DigitalMedia Switchers.
Fixed Switchers.
HDMI® Solutions.
HDMI Distribution Amplifiers.
HDMI Extenders.
HDMI Switchers.
Scalers.
USB Converter.
Video Processors.
Digital Graphics Engines.
Multi-Window Video Processors.
DigitalMedia NVX Series.
4K60 4.
4.
4 HDR over standard 1Gb network AV solutionRead More.
Workspace Solutions.
Unified Communications.
Crestron Mercury Accessories.
Crestron Flex Phones.
Crestron Flex Tabletop Conferencing Systems.
Crestron Flex Wall-Mount Conferencing Systems.
Crestron Flex Integrator Kits.
Crestron Flex R-Series.
Crestron Flex Accessories.
Crestron Flex Support Services.
Smart Soundbars.
Crestron RL 2.
Wireless Presentation Solutions.
AirMedia Presentation System Accessories.
Crestron AirMedia Presentation Systems.
Intelligent Video.
1 Beyond Intelligent Video.
Crestron Mercury™.
The only UC and AV all-in-one tabletop solution.
Read More.
General Privacy Policy.
General Privacy Policy.
Last Updated.
04 February 2022.
Download the Exercise of the Rights of the Data Subject Form.
English.
Deutsch.
Français.
Español.
Italiano.
Pусский.
1.
Crestron Respects Your Privacy.
1.
1    Crestron Electronics Inc.
and its subsidiaries  and affiliates (collectively “Crestron”, “we” or “us”)  respect your privacy and understand that the processing and security of your  personal data is important to you.
Please  review the full Privacy Policy below for more complete details on how we  collect, use, share, and protect your personal data, as well as the choices you  have regarding our use and sharing of your personal data, along with other  important considerations.
1.
2    This Privacy Policy explains Crestron’s  practices regarding the processing (such as the collection, use, storage, copy  or disclosure) of your personal data received.
(i) through our website   (“Website”), email, and other written or in  person communications.
(ii) in the context of all our commercial relations with  customers, end-users, dealers, distributors, suppliers, contractors, agents or  representatives.
and (iii) in the normal course of any other potential  business relationship.
We commit to comply with our obligations  under all applicable Privacy and Data Protection Laws, as described below,  including but not limited to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR),  and to respect your rights whenever we are processing your personal data.
2.
Privacy and Data Protection.
2.
1    “Personal Data” means any  information that identifies, or can be used to identify, an individual.
2.
2    “Privacy and Data Protection Laws”  means any and/or all laws, rules, directives and regulations, on any local,  provincial, state, federal or national level, pertaining to data privacy, data  security and/or the protection of Personal Data including, but not limited to.
(a) the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and each European Union  Member States’ national implementation thereof.
(b) the Australian Privacy Act  1988 (Cth) and the Australian Privacy Amendment (Enhancing Privacy Protection  Act) (2012).
(c) the Belgian Privacy Law of 8 December 1992.
(d) the Canadian  Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, SC 2000, c 5  (PIPEDA).
(e) the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 of Singapore (PDPA).
(f)  additional privacy and data protection laws applicable to a data subject’s  location.
and (g) any successor legislation or regulations applicable thereto.
3.
When Do We Collect Your Personal Data.
3.
1    Crestron may collect your personal data when  you communicate with us by phone, e-mail, the Website or otherwise, in the context  of.
(a)    Browsing our Website or visiting our social media sites.
(b)    Corresponding with Crestron.
(c)    Visiting one of our offices, events or facilities.
(d)    Registering for and/or participating in our conferences, events, training  or other activities.
(e)    Requesting information, support, service, materials, assistance or other  inquiries.
(f)    Subscribing to a newsletter or other mailing list.
(g)    Exchanging business cards.
(h)    Completing Website contact forms, questionnaires, surveys, or contest  entry forms or otherwise participating in these activities.
(i)    Engaging in commercial relationships or other collaboration.
(j)    Ordering  or registering Crestron products.
(k)    Creating  or registering an account.
(l)    Uploading  or downloading files.
(m)    Verification of your identity as a data subject.
or.
(n)    Using Crestron products that are connected to the Internet, including  mobile apps, cloudware, and certain hardware devices.
3.
2    The use of the Website is also governed by  the Website Terms of Use, posted at.
.
3.
3    For further details regarding Crestron  products that collect, process, and transmit information directly to Crestron  via the Internet, please refer to the Crestron Privacy Statement Regarding  Internet Data Collection, located at .
4.
Which Types of Personal Data are Processed by Us.
4.
1    Crestron may process the following personal  data.
(a)    Name, surname, title, company, email address, phone number (mobile and  landline), address, signature and other contact information.
(b)    IP  addresses.
(c)    Location  data.
(d)    Cookie  ID.
(e)    Language.
(f)    Personal preferences regarding communications and/or products and  services.
(g)    Financial details (e.
g.
payment  information, bank account number, and credit information).
(h)    Personal data regarding projects using Crestron products and services.
(i)    Personal data provided in your submissions, responses and feedback.
(j)    Personal data regarding your interactions with Crestron, including your  use of the Website and of Crestron’s products or services.
(k)    Social media data, images, photos, and camera footage.
and.
(l)    Any  other personal data provided by you or by your authorized Crestron dealer or  service provider.
4.
2    For the avoidance of doubt, Crestron does  not collect any sensitive personal data, such as racial or ethnic origin.
political opinions.
religious or philosophical beliefs.
genetic  characteristics.
health information.
sexual preferences.
information about  children.
criminal convictions.
or biometric data, and we explicitly ask that you  not to provide us with such data in your responses or feedback to us.
5.
How Do We Use Your Personal Data.
In  order to better manage our own business needs and to better communicate with  you, we may collect, analyze, use and otherwise process your personal data for  the following purposes.
(a)    To  respond to your inquiries, questions and other requests.
(b)    To optimize and manage the quality and  content of our Website, including the ability to personalize and secure your  Website experience.
(c)    To  create and maintain your website, customer and product accounts and  registrations.
(d)    To  provide you with marketing, advertising, promotions, programs, offers and other  opportunities.
including newsletters, information on products and services,  subscriptions, training, updates and direct marketing, which may be targeted,  based on your communication preferences.
(e)    To  conduct customer satisfaction studies, surveys and other market research.
(f)    To  manage our events and activities, and invite you to events.
(g)     To register visitors to our offices,  facilities and events.
(h)    To  create promotional materials, including videos, photos, articles, case studies,  newsletters and other materials regarding projects or events.
(i)    To  provide products, services, training, technical support, customer service and  other assistance.
(j)    To manage  and perform our agreements and obligations.
(k)    To  respond to and follow up on business leads, opportunities, and contacts.
(l)    To  process payments, orders, invoicing, returns, collection and other requests.
(m)    To  provide pricing, quotations and custom configurations of our products and  services.
(n)    To  grant you access to our software, training, technical information and other  proprietary content.
(o)    To evaluate,  troubleshoot, analyze and improve the use, functionality, features, and  performance of our products, services, training, technical support and customer  service.
(p)    To  gather, analyze and maintain configuration and backup data regarding our  products and services.
(q)    To facilitate  planning, analytics, forecasting and reporting regarding our products and  services.
(r)    To use  for our internal business operations and processes, including business and  financial recordkeeping, data management and business continuity.
and.
(s)    To  meet our legal and regulatory obligations.
6.
Which Legal Basis Applies To Our Processing Of Your Personal Data.
The  following legal grounds might apply to the processing of your personal data for  the purposes mentioned above.
(a)    Processing  is necessary for the performance of your agreement with us or in order to take  all pre-contractual steps.
(b)    Processing  takes place based upon our legitimate interest (comply with obligations,  maintain business records, fraud prevention, network and information security,  etc.
).
When carrying out this type of  processing, we strive to strike a balance between this legitimate interest and  respect for your privacy.
(c)    You  have given your consent to the processing (e.
g.
in case of direct marketing, for the processing of analytic cookies and  for data transfers to third parties).
(d)    In  order for us to comply with our legal obligations (such as tax administration  and record retention).
or.
(e)    In  very exceptional circumstances to protect your vital interest or that of  someone else.
7.
To Whom Do We Disclose Your Personal Data.
7.
1    Crestron may disclose your personal data to  yourself, to Crestron’s affiliates or to third parties, such as payment  providers, software providers, cloud partners, transport partners, financial  institutions, insurance companies, legal services, or certain other service  providers or partners that Crestron has a strategic relationship with, in order  to fulfill our relationship with you in the most effective way.
7.
2    Crestron will not disclose to third parties  any personal data you submit for purposes other than those described in this  Privacy Policy.
If, in the future, we intend  to disclose your personal data to third parties for any purpose other than  those described in this Privacy Policy we shall inform you thereof in advance  and ask your consent if required.
7.
3    Notwithstanding the foregoing, Crestron will  disclose your personal data to a third party (such as competent authorities) if  required to do so by law, during a legal proceeding, or if, in good faith, Crestron  believes that such action is necessary to comply with certain laws, rules or  regulations.
8.
Which Guarantees Do We Provide in Case of International Data Transfers.
8.
1    Crestron is a global company, and we may  transfer your information to Crestron subsidiaries, affiliates,  representatives, or third party contractors acting on our behalf worldwide.
Each Crestron subsidiary and affiliate  collaborates closely with Crestron and any transfer of personal data between  these affiliated entities will be compliant with the applicable Privacy and  Data Protection Laws.
8.
2    If any transfer of the personal data of  residents of the European Economic Area (EEA) is made to a person or entity  located in a country outside of the EEA, that is not recognized as providing an  adequate level of protection, we will provide for increased information  security and appropriate contractual provisions to strengthen data protection.
To ensure that any such transfers of the  personal data of EEA residents are compliant with the applicable Privacy and  Data Protection Laws, we will either (i) conclude a data transfer agreement,  based upon the EU model agreements, (ii) adopt binding corporate rules, (iii)  rely on legally determined exceptions (such as requesting your explicit  consent) or (iv) adopt other mechanisms which have been deemed to provide for  the adequate protection of your personal data.
9.
How Do We Secure Your Personal Data.
9.
1    We use a variety of security technologies  and precautions, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol (encryption),  to help protect your personal data from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized  access, in accordance with industry standards.
To protect any personal data stored on Crestron servers or cloud-based  storage, we regularly monitor our systems for vulnerabilities or attacks, and  implement up to date information security measures.
9.
2    Access to personal data that is processed  by Crestron is limited only to those of its employees, contractors and  affiliated organizations that need to know that information in order to process  it on Crestron’s behalf, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and that have  agreed not to disclose it to others.
10.
How Long Do We Retain Your Personal Data.
Unless  a longer retention period is required by law, Crestron will retain your  personal data for as long as needed to fulfil the relevant purposes described  in this Privacy Policy.
11.
Use of Cookies.
11.
1    Crestron uses cookies on our Website, both  to enable the site to work properly, and to enhance your experience while  visiting our Website.
Cookie file(s),  which are stored on the hard drive of your computer, enable us to obtain  information about your usage of our Website, and to measure and improve the  performance of our Website.
Cookies  enable you to store your preferences, in order to enable our Website to  recognize these preferences when you browse our Website.
11.
2    You may refuse to accept cookies by  activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse cookies.
However, if you select this setting you may  not be able to access certain sections or features of our Website.
Unless you have adjusted your browser setting  so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies to your computer  whenever you log on to our Website.
11.
3    When you visit our Website for the first  time you will be provided with a link to this cookie policy and will have the  opportunity to change your browser settings to refuse cookies.
By continuing to browse our website without  changing your settings, you agree to our use of cookies as explained in this  policy.
11.
4    Google Analytics.
We use industry standard web analytics to  track visits to our sites, namely those provided by Google Analytics.
The information generated by the cookies  about your use of our Website (including your IP address) will be transmitted  to and stored by Google Analytics on their servers and is handled in accordance  with Google’s Privacy Policy which can be accessed at the following link.
.
12.
Third Party Links on our Website.
The  Website contains links to other websites.
Crestron is not responsible for the privacy policy of other websites, or  the manner in which they store, use or distribute information.
Crestron encourages you to review the privacy  policy of any website you may visit.
13.
Children’s Information.
Crestron’s  Website is not intended for use by children, and its products and services are  not sold to children.
In accordance with  the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, we do not collect or maintain  information from persons we know are under 18, and no part of the Website is  designed to attract anyone under age 18.
14.
What Are Your Rights and How Can You Exercise Them.
14.
1    If you are a natural person, you have the  right at all times to be informed about the personal data we process about you,  and to the extent authorized under the applicable Privacy and Data Protection  Laws, to request access, modification, limitation of processing, transfer or  deletion of personal data, or to object to the processing of your personal  data, subject to the exceptions within the applicable Privacy and Data  Protection Laws.
14.
2    If processing is based solely on your  consent, you also have the right to revoke your consent at any time, without  prejudice to the lawfulness of processing prior to revocation.
14.
3    Through the contact options listed below,  you can exercise the above rights regarding the processing of your personal  data by Crestron, except in cases where this would require a disproportionate  effort on the part of Crestron.
You may simply  submit the “Exercise of the Rights of the Data Subject Form”.
This form is available for download at the  following link.
.
14.
4    Please feel free to use the contact  information listed below if you have any additional concerns regarding your  personal data or your exercise of the above rights, and we will do our best to  assist you.
14.
5    If you contact us to exercise one of your  rights under the applicable Privacy and Data Protection Laws, we will reply  within one (1) month.
In certain  exceptional circumstances, we may take up to three (3) months to fully respond  to you, but in such case we shall inform you why we require additional time to  respond in our initial reply.
14.
6    If we are unable to resolve an inquiry or  request, where applicable, you may have the right to lodge a complaint with the  local data protection authority.
15.
Stay Informed of Changes in Our Privacy Policy.
In a  world in which technology and legislation is constantly changing, this Privacy  Policy may also change.
We invite you to  always consult the latest version of this policy, posted at   and we will inform you of any changes via our Website or other common  communication channels.
16.
Contact Crestron.
If you  have questions and/or comments about this Privacy Policy or the manner in which  Crestron collects, uses and/or processes your personal data, please contact us.
Via  e-mail.
.
Via  post.
The Americas.
Crestron  Electronics, Inc.
15 Volvo Dr.
Rockleigh, NJ  07647 USA.
Europe,  Middle East, and Africa (EMEA).
Crestron Europe BV  Oude Keerbergsebaan 2,  2820 Rijmenam, Belgium  VAT No.
BE0699.
717.
121.
Australia  and New Zealand.
Crestron ANZ  Pty.
Ltd.
Level 5, 15  Help Street,   Chatswood NSW  2067, Australia.
Asia.
Crestron  Singapore Pte.
Ltd.
30  Cecil Street  #21-05,  Prudential Tower  Singapore  049712.
Via  phone.
Please  visit  to find the phone number for Crestron support in your region.
Systems Owners.
1-855-791-5322.
Send Us a Message.
Dealers & Partners.
1-888-273-7876.
Send Us a Message.
Products.
Accessories.
Audio.
Control Hardware & Software.
Control Surfaces.
Interconnects, Interfaces & Infrastructure.
Lighting & Environment.
Shades.
Video.
Workspace Solutions.
Market Solutions.
Enterprise Solutions.
Crestron Home.
Education Solutions.
Government Solutions.
Hospitality Solutions.
Commercial Lighting Solutions.
Marine Solutions.
MDU Solutions.
Support.
Partners.
Training & Events.
About.
Company Overview.
Awards.
Quality Commitment.
Social Responsibility.
Environmental Sustainability.
Commitment to Security.
Careers.
Press Releases.
Contact Us.
Feedback.
Register.
Login.
All brand names, product names and trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Certain trademarks, registered trademarks, and trade names may be used to refer to either the entities claiming the marks and names or their products.
Crestron disclaims any proprietary interest in the marks and names of others.
Crestron is not responsible for errors in typography or photography.
Specifications are subject to change without notice.
Crestron, like many companies, uses cookies to enable our Website to work properly and to improve your user experience.
Please review our Privacy Policy and Website Terms of Use to learn more about our use of cookies.
By continuing to browse our website without changing your browser settings, you agree to our use of cookies as explained in these policies.
