About Us.
News.
Blog.
Support.
Careers.
Contact.
ProductsSystem on ModulesImaging Platforms.
System on Modules.
Imaging Platforms.
Engineering ServicesBoard Design ServicesCustom Imaging DesignEngineering Services & Product Development.
Board Design Services.
Custom Imaging Design.
Engineering Services & Product Development.
IndustriesManufacturing & WarehousingEnergy & UtilitiesMedical & ScientificSmart Cities / Buildings & InfrastructureFood & BeverageTransportationBroadcastUnmanned SystemsDefense.
Manufacturing & Warehousing.
Energy & Utilities.
Medical & Scientific.
Smart Cities / Buildings & Infrastructure.
Food & Beverage.
Transportation.
Broadcast.
Unmanned Systems.
Defense.
PartnersDistributionTechnology.
Distribution.
Technology.
The Critical DifferenceProduction-Ready SolutionsProduct LifespanCritical Link SOMs.
It’s About Time.
Production-Ready Solutions.
Product Lifespan.
Critical Link SOMs.
It’s About Time.
/Blog.
/News.
/Contact.
Privacy Policy.
Introduction.
This privacy policy sets out how Critical Link LLC uses and protects any information you provide when using this website.
Critical Link LLC is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Information Collection and Use.
We may collect the following information.
Name and job title.
Contact information including email address.
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests.
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons.
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
We may provide your information to our third party partners for marketing or promotional purposes.
We will never sell your information.
Cookies.
Cookies are files with small amounts of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier.
Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Like many sites, we use cookies to collect information which is used to improve your experience and tailor our products and services to your interests.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Log Files.
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”).
This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, pages of our Site that you visit, time and date of your visit, time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics to collect, monitor and analyze this data.
Third Party Links.
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily.
However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website.
Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Security.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure.
In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Communications.
On occasion, we may use your Personal information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that aligns with your interests.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law.
Changes to This Policy.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of 11/13/17.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this page periodically.
Your continued use of the site after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
© 2022 | Critical Link LLC | 6712 Brooklawn Parkway | Syracuse, NY 13211 | Phone.
(315) 425-4045 | Fax.
(315) 425-4048.
Definitions | Privacy Policy.
