Webshop Account.
Crodeon Dashboard.
Live demo.
Solutions.
Company.
Shop.
How it works.
Search.
Sign upWebshop AccountCrodeon Dashboard                          Live demo.
Webshop Account.
Crodeon Dashboard.
Live demo.
Cart.
Select language.
NL.
Frost Detection.
Cold Room Monitoring.
Irrigation Monitoring.
Irrigation Control.
Livestock Alarm.
Online Dewatering.
Versatile Monitoring.
Weather Station.
Poultry Monitoring.
HACCP Registration.
About us.
Partners.
Blog.
Jobs.
Contact.
Privacy policy.
Terms of service.
Shipping policy.
Refund policy.
Privacy policy.
This privacy policy (hereinafter referred to as the “Privacy Policy”) shall apply to all visits to and use of the website ( as well as on all (commercial) relationships (and the possible subsequent exchange of information) between Crodeon and its (potential) customers, suppliers and/or business partners.
IDENTITY OF THE CONTROLLER.
Crodeon Technologies BV (hereinafter referred to as “Crodeon”), with registered office at 9052 Gent, Technologiepark-Zwijnaarde 82, and with company number 0642.
754.
761 is responsible for the processing of your personal data.
The controller is the one who determines the objective and the means (the 'what', the 'how' and the 'why') of the processing of personal data.
Crodeon can be contacted by way of regular mail, or by e-mail .
WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT.
When you visit the website, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device.
Additionally, as you browse the website, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the website, and information about how you interact with the website.
We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information”.
We collect Device Information using the following technologies.
“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier.
“Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
“Web beacons”, “tags”, and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the website.
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the website, we collect certain information from you, including your name (or company  name), residential address, company address, billing address, shipping address, nationality, function and capacity, payment information (including credit card numbers, email address, and phone number).
We refer to this information as “Order Information”.
These data are collected with a view to prospects, customers, and supplier management, providing qualitative services, the processing of orders and deliveries, including the preparation of a quote, delivery or order form, and with a view to accountancy and invoicing.
This information may also be used for marketing purposes or for safety purposes.
The legal basis for the processing of this personal data is the (potential) performance of a contract.
Providing Crodeon with the abovementioned personal data is a necessary condition to contact Crodeon and, where appropriate, to conclude a contract.
When you do not provide this information, it is impossible for Crodeon to contact you and thus to enter into a contract.
When the data are used solely to communicate with the employees of Crodeon or an affiliated company, the legal basis for this process is the legitimate interest to create high quality customer service and product support.
When the personal data may also be used for marketing purposes the legal basis is either the legitimate interest of Crodeon to inform the existing customers of similar products, or consent given by you to receive marketing information.
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
COOKIES.
Crodeon uses cookies on its website.
This privacy policy informs you as a visitor of the website how to use it.
You are not obliged to accept all cookies.
The acceptance of cookies is not a condition for a visit to the website.
However, not all the applications of our website function optimally if not all the cookies are accepted.
Cookies are small (text) files.
When visiting the website of Crodeon, small (text) files are stored on, or access is obtained to previously placed (text) files by Crodeon on your peripheral equipment (computer, tablet, mobile phones etc).
In the future when you as a user surf on the same site, the data stored in the cookies can be retrieved by the website to notify the website of previous activities of the user.
Cookies work as a type of reminder for the website.
Cookies may be placed by both Crodeon itself as well as by third parties.
In addition, they can be temporary ("session" cookies, these cookies disappear when your browser session closes), or permanent ("permanent cookies", these cookies will be permanently placed on your device until they are manually removed).
For further information about cookies, visit .
HOW DO WE USE COOKIES.
Our Company uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including keeping you signed in and understanding how you use our website.
WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE.
There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses.
Functionality.
Crodeon uses these cookies so that we recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences.
These could include what language you prefer and location you are in.
A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are used.
Advertising.
Crodeon uses these cookies to collect information about your visit to our website, the content you viewed, the links you followed and information about your browser, device, and your IP address.
Crodeon might share limited aspects of this data in an anonymised way with third parties for advertising purposes.
We may also share online data collected through cookies with our advertising partners.
This means that when you visit another website, you may be shown advertising based on your browsing patterns on our website.
HOW TO MANAGE COOKIES.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies.
For information about how to remove cookies from your browser, please visit  However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
HOW DO WE COLLECT YOUR DATA.
You directly provide Crodeon with most of the data we collect.
We collect data and process data when you.
Register online or place an order for any of our products or services.
Voluntarily complete a customer survey or provide feedback on any of our message boards or via email.
Use or view our website via your browser’s cookies.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR DATA.
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the website (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations).
Additionally, we use this Order Information to.
Process your order and manage your account.
Communicate with you.
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud.
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
Create your personal account on the Crodeon Dashboard, where you have access to the sensor data from your Crodeon Reporter.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our website (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the website, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
MARKETING.
Crodeon would like to send you information about our products and services that we think you might like.
If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at a later date.
You have the right at any time to stop Crodeon from contacting you for marketing purposes.
If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please modify your account settings after logging in at .
RETENTION PERIOD.
Unless a longer retention period is required or justified (i) to comply with a term of limitation or expiry provided for by the law or (ii) to comply with another legal obligation, your data will not be stored longer than necessary for the purposes for which the data were collected, as described in this Privacy Policy.
CATEGORIES OF RECIPIENTS OF THE PERSONAL DATA.
The processed personal data are in accordance with this Privacy Policy only given to the following recipients.
Controller.
Data Subject.
Processors, who are appealed to, with a view to a specific mandate (e.
g.
a marketing campaign, IT service providers, transporters), or who act as commercial partners (commercial agent, distributor.
).
The above-mentioned Processors act exclusively under instructions from and on behalf of Crodeon.
Crodeon guarantees the following with regard to the processing of data by these Processors.
Crodeon shall close an agreement with these Processors in which provisions are stipulated concerning the quality of processing of the personal data in accordance with the obligations imposed by the relevant privacy legislation.
The processors can exclusively use the data for the purposes as determined by Crodeon and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is possible that Crodeon must make your personal information public.
to the competent authorities (i) when Crodeon is obliged to do so on the basis of the law or in the context of judicial proceedings and (ii) in order to protect and defend the rights of Crodeon.
When Crodeon or nearly all its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case your personal data will be one of the transferred assets.
WHAT ARE YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS.
Crodeon would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights.
If you are a European resident, you have the following rights.
The right to access.
You have the right to request Crodeon for copies of your personal data.
The right to rectification.
You have the right to request that Crodeon correct any information you believe is inaccurate.
You also have the right to request Crodeon to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure.
You have the right to request that Crodeon erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing.
You have the right to request that Crodeon restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing.
You have the right to object to Crodeon’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability.
You have the right to request that Crodeon transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to comply with contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.
Additionally, note that as this website is built on the Shopify platform, it is possible that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
For more information about this, please refer to the privacy documentation of Shopify Inc.
, a Canadian corporation with offices located at 150 Elgin Street, Suite 800, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
You can exercise these rights in principle free of charge.
For this you must send a request with a copy of your identity card to us, in order to prevent any unauthorized disclosure of your personal information.
When your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, we may charge a reasonable fee for the administrative costs associated with your request or we can refuse your request.
Furthermore, you can only exercise these rights once every six months.
In any case, we will always notify you at the latest within a period of one month of the action taken on your request.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us by email at or write to us on the address below.
TRANSFERS TO THIRD COUNTRIES.
Any transfer of personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA) to a recipient who has his domicile or registered office in a country which is not covered by an adequacy decision, issued by the European Commission, will be governed by the provisions of a transfer agreement, which (i) will contain standard contractual clauses as set out in the ‘Decision of the European Commission of 5 February 2010 (Decision 2010/87/EC)', or (ii) is based on any other mechanism on the basis of the privacy legislation or any other legislation concerning the processing of personal data.
In the case of Crodeon, it is possible that a transfer to third countries is done.
If you so desire, you can always get more information about the country to which the transfer of your personal data takes place and the appropriate measures that have been taken.
PRIVACY POLICIES OF OTHER WEBSITES.
The Crodeon website contains links to other websites.
Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
Crodeon keeps its Privacy Policy under regular review and places updates on its website.
It is thus recommended to regularly consult the website and this Privacy Policy.
As soon as a new cookie policy takes effect, your permission about the use of cookies will be asked again.
HOW TO CONTACT US.
If you have any questions about Crodeon’s Privacy Policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at or write to us at the following address.
Crodeon Technologies, Technologiepark-Zwijnaarde 82, 9052 Gent, Belgium.
CHILDREN.
We ask that individuals under the age of 16 years do not communicate personal information to Crodeon, unless they have the approval of parent(s) or guardian(s).
If we notice that we have collected the personal information of a person younger than 16 years, we will delete this information as soon as possible.
COMPLAINTS.
If you do not agree with the way Crodeon collects, uses and/or processes your personal data, you can of course contact us using the contact information described in this Privacy Policy under 'Identity of the controller’.
Crodeon will take all reasonable efforts to provide you with an answer.
In addition, you have the possibility to complain to the supervisory authority, which you can contact via the following address.
Data protection authority, Drukpersstraat 35, 1000 Brussels, tel.
+32 (0)2 274 48 00, fax.
+32 (0)2 274 48 35, email.
.
Questions.
Call us at.
Or use the contact form.
Leave your e-mail address to stay informed about news from Crodeon.
About us.
Partners.
Blog.
Jobs.
Contact.
Frost Detection.
Indoor Climate.
Cold Room Monitoring.
Irrigation Control.
Livestock Alarm.
Online Dewatering.
Versatile Monitoring.
Weather Station.
Poultry Monitoring.
HACCP Registration.
Technologiepark-Zwijnaarde 82                9052 Gent – BELGIUM.
BE 0642.
754.
761.
+32 474 09 77 05.
Terms of service.
Shipping policy.
Refund policy.
Privacy policy.
FacebookFollow us on Facebook.
TwitterFollow us on Twitter.
InstagramFollow us on Instagram.
YouTubeFollow us on Youtube.
LinkedInFollow us on LinkedIn.
This website is not optimized for your browser.
To enjoy the full experience of this site we advise you to visit    it on a recent version of Google Chrome, Firefox or Safari.
Reporters.
Sensors.
Kits.
Accessories.
Menu.
Shop.
How it works.
Crodeon Dashboard.
Webshop login.
Solutions.
Frost Detection.
Cold Room Monitoring.
Irrigation Monitoring.
Irrigation Control.
Livestock Alarm.
Online Dewatering.
Versatile Monitoring.
Weather Station.
Poultry Monitoring.
HACCP Registration.
Company.
About us.
Partners.
Blog.
Jobs.
Contact.
Policies.
Terms of service.
Shipping policy.
Refund policy.
Privacy policy.
NL.
Shopping Cart.
