Hate nonsense.
PRIVACY POLICY.
Last updated October 13, 2021.
YOUR PRIVACY IS CRITICALLY IMPORTANT TO US.
Crosscut is located at.
Crosscut1909 W.
Gardner Lane Tucson85705 - Arizona , United States8008600194.
It is Crosscut's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website.
This Privacy Policy applies to  (hereinafter, "us", "we", or " We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website.
We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties.
This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website.
Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
WEBSITE VISITORS.
Like most website operators, Crosscut collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request.
Crosscut's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Crosscut's visitors use its website.
From time to time, Crosscut may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.
g.
, by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Crosscut also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on  blog posts.
Crosscut only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
GATHERING OF PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION.
Certain visitors to Crosscut's websites choose to interact with Crosscut in ways that require Crosscut to gather personally-identifying information.
The amount and type of information that Crosscut gathers depends on the nature of the interaction.
For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at  to provide a username and email address.
SECURITY.
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
LINKS TO EXTERNAL SITES.
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us.
If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site.
We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
CROSSCUT USES GOOGLE ADWORDS FOR REMARKETING.
uses the remarketing services to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site.
It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven't completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry.
This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network.
Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone's past visits.
Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google's privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
PROTECTION OF CERTAIN PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION.
Crosscut discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Crosscut's behalf or to provide services available at Crosscut's website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others.
Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country.
by using Crosscut's website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them.
Crosscut will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone.
Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Crosscut discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Crosscut believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Crosscut, third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of  and have supplied your email address, Crosscut may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Crosscut and our products.
We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum.
If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users.
Crosscut takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
AGGREGATED STATISTICS.
Crosscut may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website.
Crosscut may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Crosscut does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
COOKIES.
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Crosscut uses "Cookies", similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns.
Crosscut uses cookies to help Crosscut identify and track visitors, their usage of  and their website access preferences.
Crosscut visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Crosscut's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Crosscut's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Crosscut's use of cookies.
E-COMMERCE.
Those who engage in transactions with Crosscut – by purchasing Crosscut's services or products, are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions.
In each case, Crosscut collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Crosscut.
Crosscut does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
DATA DELETION.
To have your data removed, please make a request to .
We will delete your data to the extent allowed by law.
(State law may require us to retain certain information from car purchasers).
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES.
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Crosscut may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Crosscut's sole discretion.
Crosscut encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.
Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Removing the nonsense from car buying since 2002 in Tucson, AZ.
800-860-0194.
Cars.
Browse Inventory.
Blog.
Company.
About Us.
How to Buy.
Contact.
Contact Us.
FAQ.
Legal.
Terms of Use.
Privacy Policy.
© Crosscut, 2022.
All rights reserved.
Sitemap.
