PlatformPlatform OverviewFlow StudioOrchestration & ManagementCrosser NodeWhy CrosserFeatures & Pricing.
Platform Overview.
Flow Studio.
Orchestration & Management.
Crosser Node.
Why Crosser.
Features & Pricing.
Connectors.
SolutionsIoT Edge AnalyticsIndustrial ConnectivityFactory Floor IntegrationIntelligent WorkflowsStreaming Analytics.
IoT Edge Analytics.
Industrial Connectivity.
Factory Floor Integration.
Intelligent Workflows.
Streaming Analytics.
Use CasesIndustrial IoT & Industry 4.
0Intelligent WorkflowsWebinarsCase Studies.
Industrial IoT & Industry 4.
0.
Intelligent Workflows.
Webinars.
Case Studies.
Partners.
CompanyAboutThe TeamCareersContact.
About.
The Team.
Careers.
Contact.
Blog.
Login.
Privacy Policy.
Privacy Notice.
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for  This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website.
It will notify you of the following.
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site.
We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contacts from you.
We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.
We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.
g.
to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information.
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time.
You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number is given on our website.
See what data we have about you if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have for you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security.
We take precautions to protect your information.
When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.
You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via email .
Cookie Policy.
What is a Cookie.
A Cookie is a standard feature of a website that allows us to store small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to our website.
Cookies help us learn which areas of our site are useful and which areas need improvement.
Cookies also improve your experience by, for example, remembering your preferences.
When you visit our site and actively click “Accept cookies” you store cookies and accept our privacy policy.
You also accept that we handle personal information in accordance with this policy.
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser or by clicking on the appropriate opt-out link.
However, if you disable this function, your experience on our site may be diminished and some features will not work as intended depending upon which cookies are disabled.
Why do we use Cookies.
Our site uses both 1st party cookies (which are set by the site being visited) and 3rd party cookies (which are set by a server located outside the domain of a site).
We use both 1st party and 3rd party cookies for several reasons.
Some cookies are strictly necessary cookies, required for technical reasons in order for the site to operate.
Some cookies are Functional Cookies which allow improve your experience and some cookies are Performance Cookies which count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.
Finally, some cookies enable us to serve targeted advertisements and we refer to these as “Targeting cookies”.
The specific cookies served through the site and the purposes they perform are described below.
What Cookies Do We Use.
Below we list the different types of cookies that may be used on the site.
Strictly necessary cookies.
These cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website.
The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Functional cookies.
These cookies are used to improve your experience using our website.
These cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region you are in.
This includes recording your acceptance of our Cookie Policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you use the site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Performance cookies.
These Cookies are used by us or third-party service providers to analyze how the site are used and how they are performing.
For example, these Cookies track what pages are most frequently visited, and from what locations or channels our visitors come from.
If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise fill in a form on our site, these Cookies may be correlated to you.
These Cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
Targeting Cookies.
These Cookies collect information about your activities on these and other site to provide you targeted advertising and deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests.
We may also allow our third-party service providers to use Cookies on the site for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites.
The third-party service providers that generate these Cookies have their own privacy policies, and may use their Cookies to target advertising to you on other websites, based on your visit to our site.
Our Cookies.
Web Beacons.
Cookies are not the only way to recognize or track visitors to a website.
We may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called "tracking pixels" or "clear gifs").
These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognize when someone has visited our site or opened an e-mail that we have sent them.
This allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our site to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our site from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party websites, to improve site performance, and to measure the success of email marketing campaigns.
In many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functioning.
Social Media Features.
Our site may use social media features, such as Facebook.
These features may collect your IP address and which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
You may be given the option by such Social Media Features to post information about your activities on our site to a profile page of yours that is provided by a third party social media network in order to share with others within your network.
Social Media Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site.
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the relevant Social Media Features.
How Do I Manage Cookies.
You have the right to refuse or accept cookies from the site at any time by activating settings on your browser.
Information about the procedure to follow in order to enable or disable cookies can be found on your Internet browser provider’s website via your help screen.
Please be aware that if cookies are disabled, not all the features of the site may operate as intended.
If you have any questions regarding this Cookie Policy, you should contact us immediately via email .
Try Crosser for Free.
Start Innovating Today.
Sign up for a free trial account.
Design and deploy your first Flows today.
Sign up.
Login and start designing your data flows.
Run the flow in Crosser test environment or download local test node.
Test with real data.
Crosser Free Trial.
Weekly Live Event.
Platform Demo.
In this open session Crosser specialists will guide you through the Crosser concept of pre-build modules, hybrid deployment and the important life-cycle of your future IoT projects.
Time.
30minTech Level.
Low.
Live Introduction and Demo.
Home.
Privacy Policy.
Crosser.
Crosser designs and develops Streaming Analytics, Automation and Integration software for any Edge, On-premise or Cloud.
The Crosser Platform enables real-time processing of streaming, event-driven or batch data for Industrial IoT and Intelligent Workflows.
It is the only platform of its kind that is purpose-built for Industrial and Asset Rich organizations.
Platform.
Flow Studio.
Crosser Node.
IoT Edge Analytics.
Intelligent Workflows.
Connectors.
Features & Pricing.
Resources.
Academy.
Videos.
Webinars.
Crosser Connect Tools.
Login.
Company.
About.
Case Studies.
Contact.
Press & Media Coverage.
Social.
© 2022 Crosser Technologies.
All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy.
Sitemap.
Cookie Notice.
Find out more about how this website uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience.
Accept.
