HOME.
>.
privacy policy.
Privacy Policy.
Cybervision Inc (“Cybervision”, “Us,” “Our,” or “We”) HAS CREATED THIS PRIVACY POLICY DESCRIBING OUR POLICIES AND PROCEDURES FOR THE COLLECTION, USE, AND DISCLOSURE OF USER INFORMATION.
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TO LEARN MORE ABOUT OUR PRIVACY POLICY, AND HOW WE TREAT INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM OUR VISITORS AND USERS.
This Privacy Policy is effective to all visitors and users of Cybervision websites (“Sites”) and on which We have incorporated this Privacy Policy, and all products and services offered through Our Sites.
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures for collection, use, and disclosure of user information.
The terms “You” and “Your” refer to visitors, users, or viewers of the Sites.
BY ACCESSING AND USING THE SITES YOU AFFIRM THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THAT YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS.
Information we collect.
We may collect Personal Data voluntarily provided by You when You contact Us, sign up for Our newsletter, participate in webinars, create a user account, download materials, participate in promotional activities, purchase, download or use Our products or services, or provide such information through other electronic means.
Personal Data We collect may include information such as Your.
Name.
Name.
Surname.
Surname.
Email address.
Email address.
Telephone number.
Telephone number.
Company.
Company.
Job position.
Job position.
Job industry.
Job industry.
Country.
Country.
Bank account and routing numbers.
Bank account and routing numbers.
Credit and debit card information.
Credit and debit card information.
We also use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience.
Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.
g.
how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.
) and this enables us to build and maintain Our services with user feedback.
Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on Our users’ behavior and their devices.
This includes a device's IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website.
Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile.
Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on Our behalf.
To learn more about how to opt out of Hotjar’s use of cookies, visit the Hotjar opt-out page here.
We may also collect other information about Your use of the Sites using third party tools such as Google Analytics.
By submitting any Personal Data to Us, You consent and agree that We may collect, use, and disclose such Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and Our Terms of Use, and as permitted or required by law.
If You do not agree with these terms, please do not provide any Personal Data to Us.
If You refuse or withdraw Your consent, or if You choose not to provide Us with any required Personal Data, We may not be able to provide You with the services that are offered on Our Sites.
Your rights.
You may at any time withdraw consent or modify Your preferences regarding how We communicate with You by contacting Us at  or by following the “unsubscribe” link located at the bottom of Our marketing and newsletter emails.
If You reside in the EEA, You have additional rights, such as.
the right to request access to any Personal Data We hold about You, request that any inaccurate Personal Data is corrected, request an electronic copy of Your Personal Data, or request that Your Personal Data is deleted, provided that Your Personal Data is not required to exercise or defend a legal claim against Us, or for compliance with a legal obligation under the laws of the European Union or a Member State.
You may exercise these rights by contacting Us at  Please note that any communication must be in English.
How to use your personal data.
We may use Your Personal Data to.
Personalize Your experience (Your information helps Us better respond to Your individual needs).
Personalize Your experience (Your information helps Us better respond to Your individual needs).
Improve Our Site and Services (We continuously strive to improve Our Site offerings based on the information and feedback We receive from You).
Improve Our Site and Services (We continuously strive to improve Our Site offerings based on the information and feedback We receive from You).
Improve customer service (Your information helps Us more effectively respond to Your customer service requests, inquiries, and support needs).
Improve customer service (Your information helps Us more effectively respond to Your customer service requests, inquiries, and support needs).
Contact You by telephone or email regarding products You have purchased or Services You have signed up for.
Contact You by telephone or email regarding products You have purchased or Services You have signed up for.
With Your consent, occasionally contact You by telephone or by email to provide You with new product information, technical updates, and information about Our support Services.
With Your consent, occasionally contact You by telephone or by email to provide You with new product information, technical updates, and information about Our support Services.
Respond to You when You send Us an email or otherwise contact Us.
Respond to You when You send Us an email or otherwise contact Us.
Perform marketing surveys to better understand the needs of prospective clients and partners.
Perform marketing surveys to better understand the needs of prospective clients and partners.
Provide You with technical support, where required.
Provide You with technical support, where required.
How we share your information.
We do not sell Your Personal Data to outside parties, however, there are certain circumstances in which We may share Your Personal Data, including if required by law or by a court order, or if such disclosure is necessary and permitted by law to protect ourselves or third parties.
We share Your information only with trusted third parties, such as affiliated companies within Our corporate group and service providers, as necessary for them to perform services on Our behalf, such as.
Process credit card payments.
Process credit card payments.
Serve advertisements.
Serve advertisements.
Provide cloud storage or email services.
Provide cloud storage or email services.
Conduct surveys.
Conduct surveys.
Perform analysis of Our Services and customers demographics.
Perform analysis of Our Services and customers demographics.
Communicate with You, by email or telephone.
Communicate with You, by email or telephone.
Customer relationship management.
Customer relationship management.
These third parties include CRM solution providers, such as Salesforce, email service providers, such as Google, payment processors, such as PayPal, and website analytics providers, such as Google Analytics, which are subject to strict data processing terms and conditions and are prohibited from unauthorized use or transfer of Your Personal Data.
Transfer of personal data to other countries.
We are a global company, therefore, Your Personal Data may be transferred, stored and processed outside of your country in countries where Cybervision (including its subsidiaries and affiliates) and Our services providers maintain systems and facilities.
You acknowledge that we may transfer Your Personal Data to any country in which Cybervision, Our agents and service providers maintain facilities, and by accessing our Sites and using our Services you consent to the transfer of Your Personal Data outside of your country.
If you reside in the European Economic Area (EEA) we will rely on lawful measures to transfer Your Personal Data.
Retention of personal data.
If You reside or are located in the EEA, We keep Your Personal Data for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which the Personal Data is processed.
The length of time We retain Personal Information for depends on the purposes for which We collect and use it or as required to comply with applicable laws and to establish, exercise, or defend Our legal rights.
Security.
We are committed to security and implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of Your Personal Data.
We use physical, technical, and administrative security measures to keep Your Personal Data confidential and secure, and will not share it with third parties, except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, or unless such disclosure is necessary in special cases.
User accounts.
Certain features of the Sites, services, or content may require that You register by providing Personal Data, such as Your email address.
You agree that the information You provide is accurate, and that You are not prohibited by law from registering.
Users in the European Union who are under the age of sixteen (16), and users in the United States under the age of thirteen (13), are not permitted to provide Personal Data or create an account with Us.
If We believe that a registration has been created by an individual who is under the minimum age in their jurisdiction, all information received by such individual shall be promptly deleted.
Children’s online privacy protection act compliance.
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), and do not knowingly collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Our Sites, products, and services are all directed to users in the United States who are at least 13 years old or older.
Changes to privacy policy.
Cybervision reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, at Our sole discretion.
We will post those changes to this Privacy Policy and any other places We deem appropriate.
If We make material changes to this Privacy Policy, We will notify You here, by email, or by means of a notice on Our Sites’ home pages.
Your continued use of the Sites following any changes to this Policy shall constitute Your acceptance of the changes and the revised terms.
Website links.
Our Sites may contain links to other websites.
While We try to link only to websites that share Our high standards and respect for privacy, please understand that We are not responsible for the content of the privacy practices employed by other websites.
Who we are.
Cybervision is a New Jersey corporation, with its principal place of business at 16047 Collins Ave.
Suite 1704, North Miami Beach, FL 33160.
Contact us.
If You have any questions, concerns, or complaints about Our Privacy Policy, Our practices, or Our services, You may contact Us by email at  Please note that any communication must be in English.
Google SI and PS partner.
Services.
Software Development.
CDAP Support.
Technical support.
IT Managed Services.
Expertise.
Big Data Analytics.
IoT Development.
DevOps.
Google Cloud Platform.
Cloud Development & Migration.
Company.
About us.
Careers.
Clients & Testimonials.
Blog.
Contact us.
E-Mail.
Mailing Address.
CyberVision, Inc.
,.
16047 Collins Ave, Suite 1704,.
North Miami Beach, FL 33160.
