Team.
Network.
Blog.
Privacy Notice of Cybera Global.
1.
What is this Privacy Notice about.
Cybera Global AG (also «we», «us») collects and processes personal data that concern you but also other individuals («third parties»).
We use the word «data» here interchangeably with «personal data».
Show more.
“Personal data” means data relating to identified or identifiable individuals, which means that the relevant data, in combination with additional data, make it possible to draw conclusions about the identity of these individuals.
“Sensitive personal data” are a subset of personal data that is specially protected under applicable data protection law.
These include, for example, data revealing racial or ethnic origin, health data, religious or philosophical beliefs, biometric data for identification purposes, and information relating to trade union membership.
“Processing” means any operation that is performed on personal data, such as collection, storage, use, alteration, disclosure and erasure.
This Privacy Notice is aligned with the EU General Data Protection Regulation («GDPR») and the Swiss Data Protection Act («DPA»).
However, the application of these laws depends on each individual case.
2.
What are our services CYBERCRIME WATCHLIST™ and CYBERCRIME COMPLAINT™ and why do we process personal data.
Our aim is to support the fight against cybercrime (fraud and money laundering) in a holistic way, namely by way of prevention (CYBERCRIME WATCHLIST™) and reaction (CYBERCRIME COMPLAINT™).
CYBERCRIME WATCHLIST™For CYBERCRIME WATCHLIST™ service, we maintain a database of account numbers (and, if known, account holder names) for bank accounts believed to be used for criminal purposes (the “CYBERCRIME WATCHLIST™ Database”).
Bank account numbers are added to our CYBERCRIME WATCHLIST™ Database by.
Banks and other financial institutions.
Law enforcement authorities, anti-cybercrime companies and organizations, and other cybercrime reporting points.
Our contractual partners.
and.
Us, based on (a) our own investigations and (b) the assessment of criminal complaints by cybercrime victims (who are referred to us by our contract partners and who use our CYBERCRIME COMPLAINT™).
Show more.
Show more.
You can find more detailed information about the personal data we process for these services in Section 4.
3.
Who is the controller for processing your data.
The Cybera Global AG, Zürich (“Cybera Global”) is the controller for Cybera Global’s processing under this Privacy Notice, unless we tell you otherwise in an individual case.
This applies, in particular, where your data is exchanged with our parent company (see Section 8).
Show more.
For each processing activity there are one or several parties that are responsible for ensuring that the processing complies with data protection law.
This party is called the controller.
It is responsible, for example, for responding to access requests (Section 12) or for ensuring that personal data is processed securely and not used in an unlawful manner.
Additional parties may be joint controllers for the processing set out in this Privacy Notice if they participate in determining the purpose or means of the processing.
If you wish to receive information about the controllers for a specific processing activity, you are welcome to ask us as part of your access right (Section 12).
We remain your primary contact, even if there are other joint controllers.
In Section 4, Section 8 and Section 13, you will find additional information about third parties with whom we work together and who are controllers for their processing.
If you have any questions for these third parties or if you wish to exercise your rights, please contact them directly.
You may contact us for data protection concerns and to exercise your rights under Section 12 as follows.
Cybera Global AGBahnhofstrasse 14CH-8001 .
4.
What data do we process.
We process various categories of data about you.
The main categories of data are the following.
Technical Data.
When you use our Website and the services offered thereon, we collect the following (collectively, “Technical Data”).
the IP address of your terminal device.
logs about your use of the service (e.
g.
, time of access).
and.
other technical data in order to ensure the functionality and security of these offerings.
Show more.
We generally keep Technical Data for 6 months.
To provide you access to the Services, we may also assign an individual code to you or your terminal device (for example as a cookie, see Section 13).
Show more.
When you are in contact with us via the contact form on our Website, by e-mail, telephone or by letter or other means of communication, we collect the data exchanged between you and us, including your contact details and the metadata of the communication (collectively, “Communication Data”).
Show more.
If we have to determine your identity, for example in relation with a request for information, we collect data to identify you (for example a copy of an ID document).
We generally keep this data for 12 months from the last exchange between us.
This period may be longer where required for evidentiary purposes, to comply with legal or contractual requirements, or for technical reasons.
However, if you use our CYBERCRIME COMPLAINT™ service, we will delete the copy of your criminal complaint 18 months after we file such complaint with the relevant law enforcement authorities.
Marketing and Promotional DataWe collect data that we need for marketing and promotional purposes, such as name and contact details, and information about, for example, your role and function, your date of birth, customer history (collectively “Marketing and Promotional Data”).
We collect Marketing and Promotional Data about you from.
you.
parties you work for.
third parties such as contractual partners.
public sources such as public registers or the internet (websites, social media, dark net, etc.
).
and.
our shareholders and investors.
Show more.
We process your Marketing and Promotional if you are, or you work for, a Cybera Global customer or other business contact or if we wish to address you for our own purposes (for example, as part of marketing and advertising).
We may also process health data and information about third parties as part of Marketing and Promotional Data.
We generally keep Marketing and Promotional Data for 10 years from the last exchange between us but at least from the end of the contract.
This period may be longer if required for evidentiary purposes, to comply with legal or contractual requirements, or for technical reasons.
For contacts used only for marketing and advertising, the period may be shorter, usually no more than 2 years from the last contact.
Marketing and Promotional Data includes name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and other contact details, gender, date of birth, websites, photos and videos (e.
g.
, to document an alleged cybercrime attack on you), copies of ID cards.
details of your relationship with us (customer, supplier, visitor, etc.
), details of your status, allocations, classifications and mailing lists, details of our interactions with you (if applicable, a history thereof with corresponding entries), reports (for example from the media), official documents (for example excerpts from the commercial register, permits, etc.
), and payment information that concern you.
Contract DataThis means data that is collected in connection with the negotiation, execution or performance of a contract, includinginformation about.
the services provided or to be provided.
feedback.
contact persons under our contracts.
and who is authorized to act on behalf of our contractual counterparties (including powers of attorney, signature authorizations and declarations of consent).
We generally collect this data from you, from contractual partners and from third parties involved in the performance of the contract, but also from third-party sources (for example credit information providers) and from public sources.
We generally keep this data for 10 years from the last contract activity but at least from the end of the contract.
This period may be longer where necessary for evidentiary purposes, to comply with legal or contractual requirements, or for technical reasons.
Show more.
Behavioral and Preference DataWe use data we collect to improve our Services for you.
For this purpose, we collect and process data about your behavior and preferences (collectively, “Behavioral and Preference Data”).
We do so by evaluating information about your behavior in using our Services domain, and we may also supplement this information with third-party information, including from public sources.
The data processed for this purpose is already known to us (for example where and when you use our Services), or we collect it by recording your behavior (for example how you navigate our Website).
We anonymize or delete this data when it is no longer relevant for the purposes pursued, but usually after 24 hours.
This period may be longer as needed for evidentiary purposes, to comply with legal or contractual requirements, or for technical reasons.
We describe how tracking works on our Website in Section 13.
Show more.
Behavioral data is information about certain actions, including your response to electronic communications or your location.
For example, we may collect your location data when you use our Website.
Preference data tells us what your needs are.
We obtain this information from the analysis of existing data, such as behavioral data, so that we can generally improve our offers.
To improve the quality of our analyses, we may combine this data with other data that we also obtain from third parties, such as our contractual partners.
Other dataWe also collect data from or about you in other situations.
For example, data that may relate to you (such as files, evidence, etc.
) is processed in relation with administrative or judicial proceedings.
We may also collect data for health protection (for example as part of health protection concepts).
We may obtain or create photos, videos and sound recordings in which you may be identifiable (for example with security cameras, etc.
).
We may also collect data about who enters certain buildings, and when or who has access rights (including in relation with access controls, based on Registration Data, etc.
) and who uses our infrastructure and systems and when.
Moreover, we collect and process data about our shareholders and other investors, in addition to Marketing and Promotional Data, including information for registers, in relation with the exercise of their rights and with events (for example general meetings).
The retention period for this data depends on the processing purpose and is limited to what is necessary.
This ranges from a few days for many of the security cameras, to usually a few weeks in case of data for contact tracing and visitor data that is usually kept for 3 months, to several years or longer for reports about events with images.
Data relating to you as a shareholder or investor is kept in accordance with corporate law, but in any case, for as long as you are invested.
Some of the data set out in this Section 3 is provided to us by you (through forms, in relation with communication with us, in relation with contracts, when you use the Website, etc.
).
We provide certain services to you only if you provide us with registration data, because we or our contractual partners wish to know who uses our services, because it is a technical requirement or because we wish to communicate with you.
However, you are not required to disclose data to us except in individual cases.
For example, you generally have the option of declining or not giving consent to collect Behavioral and Preference Data.
Show more.
We provide certain services to you only if you provide us with registration data, because we or our contractual partners wish to know who uses our services, because it is a technical requirement or because we wish to communicate with you.
If you or the person you represent (for example your employer) wishes to enter into or perform a contract with us, we must collect master data, contract data and communication data from you, and we process technical data if you wish to use our website for this purpose.
If you do not provide us with the data necessary for the conclusion and performance of the contract, you should expect that we may refuse to conclude the contract, that you may commit a breach of contract or that we will not perform the contract.
Similarly, we can only submit a response to a request from you if we process communication data and – if you communicate with us online – possibly also technical data.
Also, the use of our website is not possible without us receiving technical data.
Show more.
5.
For what purposes do we process your data.
We process your data for the purposes explained below.
Further information is set out in Section 13 for online services.
These purposes and their objectives represent interests of us and potentially of third parties.
You can find further information on the legal basis of our processing in Section 6.
Show more.
6.
On what basis do we process your data.
Where we ask for your consent for certain processing activities (for example for marketing mailings and for advertising management and behavior analysis on the Website), we will inform you separately about the relevant processing purposes.
You may withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future by providing us written notice (by mail) or, unless otherwise noted or agreed, by sending an e-mail to us.
see our contact details in Section 2.
For withdrawing consent for online tracking, see Section 13.
Where you have a user account, you may also withdraw consent or contact us also through the Website.
Once we have received notification of withdrawal of consent, we will no longer process your information for the purpose(s) you consented to, unless we have another legal basis to do so.
Withdrawal of consent does not, however, affect the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent prior to withdrawal.
Where we do not ask for consent for processing, the processing of your personal data relies on the requirement of the processing for initiating or performing a contract with you (or the entity you represent) or on our or a third-party legitimate interest in the particular processing, in particular in pursuing the purposes and objectives set out in Section 5 and in implementing related measures.
This also includes compliance with legal regulations, where compliance is not recognized as a legal basis by applicable data protection law (for example in the case of the GDPR, the laws in the EEA and in the case of the DPA, Swiss law).
This also includes the marketing of our Services, the interest in better understanding our markets and in managing and further developing our company, including its operations, safely and efficiently.
In particular, in the case of CYBERCRIME WATCHLIST™, personal data is processed on the basis of the legitimate interest of victims of cybercrime and financial institutions to prevent damage and criminal activities.
In the case of CYBERCRIME COMPLAINT™, the legal basis is the performance of a contract for the reporting person.
The reporting person may rely on consent, legitimate interest and applicable local law permitting individuals to file criminal complaints involving personal data of the individuals accused.
Where we receive sensitive personal data (for example biometric data for identification purposes), we may process your data on other legal basis, for example, in the event of a dispute, as required in relation with a potential litigation or for the enforcement or defense of legal claims.
In some cases, other legal basis may apply, which we will communicate to you separately as necessary.
7.
What applies in case of profiling and automated individual decisions.
We may automatically evaluate personal aspects relating to you («profiling») based on your data (Section 4) for the purposes set out in Section 5, where we wish to determine preference data, but also in order to detect misuse and security risks, to perform statistical analysis or for operational planning.
We may also create profiles for these purposes, i.
e.
we may combine behavioral and preference data, but also master data, contract data and technical data relating to you in order to better understand you as a person with your various interests and other characteristics.
Show more.
If you are our customer, we may, for example, use «profiling» to determine, for your own protection, the likelihood of a particular transaction being fraudulent.
This allows us to suspend the transaction for further clarification.
«Profiles» are to be distinguished from «profiling».
«Profiles» refers to the combining of different data in order to draw conclusions on essential aspects of your personality (for example what you like, how you behave in certain situations, e.
g.
, when you are looking for a specific information on our website) from the totality of this data.
Profiles may also be used for marketing, for example, or for security purposes.
In both cases, we pay attention to the proportionality and reliability of the results and take measures against misuse of these profiles or profiling.
Where these can produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you, we generally ensure human review.
8.
With whom do we share your data.
In order to operate the Website, provide the Services, and comply with our legal obligations (including under our contracts), otherwise protect our legitimate interests, or carry out the other purposes set out in Section 5, we may disclose your personal data to third parties, including the following categories of recipients.
Parent company.
​Our parent company Cybera Global Inc.
based in New York, USA, may use the data according to this Privacy Notice for the same purposes as we use it (see Section 5).
For example, our parent company has access to your Marketing and Promotional Data and Contract Data in order to develop business strategies.
Service providers.
We work with service providers in Switzerland and abroad who process your data on our behalf or as joint controllers with us or who receive data about you from us as separate controllers (for example IT providers, credit information agencies, debt collection companies or address verification providers).
For the service providers used for the Website, see Section 13.
Our key service provider in the IT area is isolutions AG.
Show more.
To be able to deliver our Services efficiently, we procure IT, information transmission, communication or printing, facility management, security, debt collection, credit agency, address verification, fraud prevention and other services from various third parties.
In each case, we disclose to these providers the data they require for their services, which may also concern you.
These providers also may use such data for their own purposes, for example information about overdue claims and your payment history in case of credit information agencies or anonymized data to improve their services.
Contractual partners including customers.
This refers to customers (for example financial institutions) and our other contractual partners (e.
g.
, police) as this data disclosure results from these contracts.
Show more.
​.
Authorities.
​We may disclose personal data to agencies, courts and other authorities in Switzerland and abroad if we are legally obliged or entitled to make such disclosures or if it appears necessary to protect our interests, or in the performance of the Services.
These authorities act as separate controllers.
Show more.
All these categories of recipients may involve third parties, so that your data may also be disclosed to them.
We can restrict the processing by certain third parties (for example IT providers), but not by others (for example law enforcement authorities, banks, etc.
).
We enable certain third parties to collect personal data from you (for example press photographers, providers of tools on our Website, etc.
).
Where we have no control over these data collections, these third parties are sole controllers.
If you have concerns or wish to exercise your data protection rights, please contact these third parties directly.
See Section 13 for the Website.
In the event we sell all or part of our business, acquire additional businesses or enter into partnerships, we may disclose data (including data about you) to the parties to such transactions.
9.
Is your personal data disclosed abroad.
We currently store or may transfer personal data to countries other than your country of residence, including the United States, and may subcontract the processing of your data to, or otherwise share your data with trusted service providers in countries other than your country of residence, including the United States, in accordance with applicable law.
By providing us with your information, you acknowledge any such transfer, storage, or use.
Show more.
Additionally, as explained in section 8, we disclose data to other parties.
These are not all located in Switzerland.
Your data may therefore be processed both in Europe and the USA.
in exceptional cases, in any country in the world.
If a non-governmental recipient is located in a country without adequate statutory data protection, we require the recipient to undertake to comply with data protection (for this purpose, we use the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses, which can be accessed here, here and here, unless the recipient is subject to a legally accepted set of rules to ensure data protection and unless we cannot rely on an exemption.
An exception may apply for example in case of legal proceedings abroad, but also in cases of overriding public interest or if the performance of a contract requires disclosure, if you have consented or if data has been made available generally by you and you have not objected to the processing.
10.
How long do we process your data.
Show more.
If a bank account number we receive is urgently suspected to be used for fraudulent behavior, we will automatically delete it from the CYBERCRIME WATCHLIST™ Database once three months have passed without a match.
11.
How do we protect your data.
We collect and process personal data that concern you but also other individuals (“third parties”).
We use a number of technical and organizational data security measures designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of such data (which may include encryption and pseudonymization of data, logging, access restrictions, keeping backup copies, giving instructions to our employees, entering confidentiality agreements, and monitoring).
We will also allow only those customers to access the personal data that may be contained in the Account Dataset that already have an account number they wish to check it against the CYBERCRIME WATCHLIST™ Database.
We will also not attempt to re-identify you if your account number is listed in the CYBERCRIME WATCHLIST™ Database.
12.
What are your rights.
Applicable data protection laws grant you the right to object to the processing of your data in some circumstances(including for direct marketing purposes, for profiling carried out for direct marketing purposes, and to other legitimate interests in processing).
You have the following rights in relation to our processing of your personal data.
The right to request information from us as to whether and what data we process from you.
The right to have us correct data if it is inaccurate.
The right to request erasure of data.
The right to request that we provide certain personal data in a commonly used electronic format or transfer it to another controller.
The right to withdraw consent, where our processing is based on your consent.
The right to receive, upon request, further information that is helpful for the exercise of these rights.
Show more.
If you wish to exercise the above-mentioned rights in relation to us, please contact us in writing, at our premises or, unless otherwise specified or agreed, by e-mail.
you will find our contact details in Section 2.
In order for us to be able to prevent misuse, we need to identify you (for example by means of a copy of your ID card, unless identification is not possible otherwise).
You also have these rights in relation with other parties that cooperate with us as separate controllers – please contact them directly if you wish to exercise your rights in relation with their processing.
You will find information on our key partners and service providers in Section 8 and additional information in Section 13.
Please note that conditions, exceptions or restrictions apply to these rights under applicable data protection law (for example to protect third parties or trade secrets).
We will inform you accordingly where applicable.
Show more.
Together with the source of the notification (e.
g.
, prosecutor’s office) we will then evaluate on a case-by-case basis, taking into account applicable law, whether you are entitled to have the account number removed.
We will in any case delete your bank account number if we receive such a deletion request by the source of the notification (e.
g.
, because your bank account number is no longer suspected of fraudulent transactions).
In any case.
In any case, if you do not agree with the way we handle your rights or with our data protection practices, please let us or our Data Protection Officers (Section 2) know.
If you are located in the EEA, the United Kingdom or in Switzerland, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection supervisory authority in your country.
You can find a list of authorities in the EEA here.
You can reach the UK supervisory authority here.
You can reach the Swiss supervisory authority here.
13.
Do we use online tracking.
We use various techniques on our Website that allow us, and third parties engaged by us to recognize you during your use of our Website, and possibly to track you across several visits.
This Section informs you about this.
In essence, we wish to distinguish access by you (through your system) from access by other users, so that we can ensure the functionality of the Website and carry out analysis and personalization.
The Services are designed in such a way that you are recognized as an individual visitor each time you access the Website, for example by our server (or third-party servers ) that assign a specific identification number to you or your browser (so-called “cookie”).
Show more.
Cookies are individual codes (for example a serial number) that our server or a server of our service providers or advertising partners transmits to your system when you connect to our Website, and that your system (browser, cell phone) accepts and stores until the set expiration time.
Your system transmits these codes to our server or the third-party server with each additional access.
That way, you are recognized even if your identity is unknown.
We use these technologies on our Website and may allow certain third parties to do so as well.
You can also set your browser to block or deceive certain types of cookies or alternative technologies, or to delete existing cookies.
You can also add software to your browser that blocks certain third-party tracking.
You can find more information on the help pages of your browser (usually with the keyword “Privacy”) or on the websites of the third parties set out below.
We distinguish the following categories of «cookies» (including other technologies).
Necessary cookies.
Some cookies are necessary for the functioning of the Website or for certain features.
For example, they ensure that you can move between pages without losing information that was entered in a form.
They also ensure that you stay logged in.
These cookies exist temporarily only (“session cookies”).
If you block them, the Website may not work properly.
Other cookies are necessary for the server to store options or information (which you have entered) beyond a session (i.
e.
a visit to the Website) if you use this function (for example language settings, consents, automatic login functionality, etc.
).
These cookies have an expiration date of up to 24 months.
Performance cookies.
In order to optimize our Website and related offers and to better adapt them to the needs of the users, we use cookies to record and analyze the use of our Website, potentially beyond one session.
We use third-party analytics services for this purpose.
We have listed them below.
Before we use such cookies, we ask for your consent.
You can withdraw consent at any time by contacting us.
Performance cookies also have an expiration date of up to 24 months.
Details can be found on the websites of the third-party providers.
We may also integrate additional third-party offers on our Website, in particular from social media providers.
These offers are deactivated by default.
As soon as you activate them (for example by clicking a button), their providers can determine that you are using our Website.
If you have an account with the provider, it can assign this information to you and thereby track your use of online offers.
The providers process this data as separate controllers.
Show more.
We currently use offers from the following service providers and advertising partners (where they use data from you, or cookies set on your computer for advertising purposes).
Google Analytics.
Google LLC is the provider of the service “Google Analytics.
” For the purposes of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and the Swiss Data Protection Act (“DPA”).
, Google Ireland Ltd.
is the controller (together with Google Analytics, “Google”).
Google tracks the behavior of visitors to our Website(duration, page views, geographic region of access, etc.
) through performance cookies (see above) and on this basis creates reports for us about the use of our Website.
We have configured the service so that the IP addresses of visitors are truncated by Google in Europe before forwarding them to the United States and then cannot be traced back.
Google provides us with reports and may therefore be considered our processor, but it also processes data for its own purposes.
Google may be able to draw conclusions about the identity of visitors based on the data collected, create personal profiles and link this data with the Google accounts of these individuals.
You should assume that this processing takes place if you consent to the use of performance cookies.
Information about data protection with Google Analytics can be found here and if you have a Google account, you can find more details about Google’s processing here.
14.
Can we update this Privacy Notice.
Always on.
© 2022 Cybera Global.
Offices.
Cybera Global Inc.
New York City, USA.
Cybera Global AGZurich, Switzerland.
Cybera GlobalLondon, UK (coming).
Business .
Social Media.
Folgen.
Folgen.
Contact.
Careers.
Privacy Notice.
Privacy Overview.
