Newsroom.
Blogs.
Events.
Careers.
ENJapanese.
Japanese.
ProductsPRODUCTSDeCYFIRThreat Visibility and Intelligence DeTCTDigital Risk DiscoveryDeFNCECyber Defence Mobile App.
PRODUCTS.
DeCYFIRThreat Visibility and Intelligence.
DeTCTDigital Risk Discovery.
DeFNCECyber Defence Mobile App.
SolutionsRoleSecurity OperationsSwift tactical remediation to secure your assetsCISOBuild a robust cybersecurity strategyCROManage risk with external threat intelligenceCMOBuild Brand and ReputationpurposeDeep and Dark Web MonitoringEarly Detection of Cyber ThreatsBrand and Executive Risk MonitoringCyber EducationThreat Hunting and CorrelationCase StudiesGlobal IT Services CompanyLarge Manufacturing CompanyRetail ConglomerateFinancial Services (M&A)Food & Agri-businessThird Party Risk.
Role.
Security OperationsSwift tactical remediation to secure your assets.
CISOBuild a robust cybersecurity strategy.
CROManage risk with external threat intelligence.
CMOBuild Brand and Reputation.
purpose.
Deep and Dark Web Monitoring.
Early Detection of Cyber Threats.
Brand and Executive Risk Monitoring.
Cyber Education.
Threat Hunting and Correlation.
Case Studies.
Global IT Services Company.
Large Manufacturing Company.
Retail Conglomerate.
Financial Services (M&A).
Food & Agri-business.
Third Party Risk.
PartnersPartnerAmazon Web Services (AWS)DeCYFIR for SplunkDeCYFIR for ServiceNow.
Partner.
Amazon Web Services (AWS).
DeCYFIR for Splunk.
DeCYFIR for ServiceNow.
ResourcesRESOURCESEarly WarningsAdvanced cybersecurity alerts and advisoriesOut-of-BandNotifications on Cyber Threats and RisksDatasheets and WhitepapersRead CYFIRMA's Thought Leadership Research Videos and WebinarsStay up to date with the latest topics in cyber.
RESOURCES.
Early WarningsAdvanced cybersecurity alerts and advisories.
Out-of-BandNotifications on Cyber Threats and Risks.
Datasheets and WhitepapersRead CYFIRMA's Thought Leadership Research.
Videos and WebinarsStay up to date with the latest topics in cyber.
CompanyAbout UsVision and MissionCYFIRMA’s JourneyLeadersInvestorsFollow UsNewsroomStay updated with our latest newsCareerJoin our growing teamContact UsStart NowGet a Free Demo.
About Us.
Vision and Mission.
CYFIRMA’s Journey.
Leaders.
Investors.
Follow Us.
NewsroomStay updated with our latest news.
CareerJoin our growing team.
Contact Us.
Start Now.
Get a Free Demo.
Ask for Demo.
Newsroom.
Blogs.
Events.
Careers.
ENJapanese.
Japanese.
ENJapanese.
Japanese.
Privacy Policy.
CYFIRMA is a threat discovery and cyber-intelligence company with the world’s first platform that can deliver predictive cyber-intelligence.
We combine cyber intelligence with attack surface discovery and digital risk protection to deliver early warning, personalized, contextual, outside-in, and multi-layered insights.
CYFIRMA along with its subsidiaries and affiliates is committed to respecting your data privacy and recognize your need for appropriate protection and management of any personal information you share with us.
To the extent permitted by law, we may share Personal Information with our affiliates and subsidiaries to provide seamless services to you and our clients.
Personal information is data that relates to you and can either on its own or in combination with other information identify you as an individual including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a home or other physical address and an email address or other contact information.
This “Privacy POLICY” describes how CYFIRMA collects, uses, and discloses your “Personal Data” in connection with the use of our services.
Before you use our services, please read this POLICY its entirety, which helps you make informed decisions about your relationship with us.
Scope.
This POLICY refers to all parties (employees, customers, job candidates, suppliers etc.
) who provide information to us.
Who is covered under the POLICY.
CYFIRMA, its subsidiaries and affiliates follow this POLICY.
This POLICY is also applicable to our employees, contractors, consultants, partners, and any other external entities.
Generally, our POLICY refers to anyone we collaborate with or acts on our behalf and may need occasional access to data to conduct the business.
What Personal Data will be collected.
We collect the below information about you.
The Information that you provide to us when signing-up for or maintaining an account, registering for any event with us or otherwise receiving a service from us.
Your information that we receive through referrals from users, your employers, or others.
The information collected through the above means will include name, email, phone number, address, Job title and professional details.
Billing related information (where applicable).
Opinions and other information requested and provided by you through website and other channels.
When you use our websites, we might automatically collect and analyze certain information, which includes unique browser identifiers, IP addresses, browser and operating system information, device identifiers, geo-location and other device-specific information, and Internet connection information.
It is important to note that CYFIRMA does not gather personal information for any purposes other than to respond to you or to your queries.
If you decide to provide us with your personal information like filling out your contact information with us with an e-mail address or postal address, and submitting it to us through the website, we shall use that information to respond to your message, and to help you get the information that you have requested.
Our website never collects information or creates individual profiles for commercial marketing.
While you must share an e-mail address for a localized response to any inward questions or comments to us, we recommend that you do NOT include any other personal information.
Please do not provide us with any Personal Information if you do not agree with this Policy.
Personal Information obtained from third parties.
When recruiting the employees, we may also obtain Personal Information about candidates from referrals, networking activities, public databases, joint marketing partners, licensed databases, and social media platforms.
The information we collect from these third parties includes information about the identity of potential candidates (e.
g.
, an individual’s name, address, telephone number, email address), information about their background and qualifications (employment history, education, professional credentials, memberships in professional organizations, skills, etc.
), citizenship, information from former employers and other references.
As permitted by applicable laws, we obtain background verification information.
Any Personal Information that you provide through those pages to the third party will be subject to the third party’s privacy Policy, rather than CYFIRMA’S Policy.
CYFIRMA does not control, and is not responsible for, the third party’s use of information collected through those pages.
Please note that this Policy does not address the collection and use of information through the third party’s page or the privacy or information practices of the third party.
How your Personal Data will be used.
In general, CYFIRMA will only collect, store, use or otherwise process your personal data for the following purposes.
Provide you with our services, to meet our contractual obligations to you or your company.
Prepare for or perform contracts for services provided by CYFIRMA.
There may be instances when we disclose your personal information to other parties.
to provide you with the Services that you or your company or organization request, or to auditors or consultants.
to comply with the law or respond to legal process or a request for cooperation by a government entity or law enforcement.
to provide you with the Services that you or your company or organization request, or to auditors or consultants.
to comply with the law or respond to legal process or a request for cooperation by a government entity or law enforcement.
to detect, limit, and prevent fraud, or verify and enforce compliance with the policies governing our Services.
or.
to protect our rights, property, and safety or that of any of our respective CYFIRMA companies, business partners, members, or employees.
and.
where otherwise required by law.
How your Personal Data will be protected.
CYFIRMA takes appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data.
We restrict access to your personally identifying information to employees and our partners who need to know that information to operate, develop or improve our services.
To exercise data privacy, we’re committed to restrict and monitor access to sensitive data.
We also apply appropriate technical and organizational measures in place to ensure that your Personal Data.
is processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner.
is collected for the purposes specified above and not further processed in a manner incompatible with those purposes.
is adequate, secured, relevant and limited to what is necessary for those purposes.
How your Personal Data will be retained.
CYFIRMA will retain your Personal Information for as long as you have a relationship with us, and for a period after your relationship with us has ended.
When determining how long this retention period will last, we take into fact the length of time Personal Information is required to.
Continue to develop, tailor, upgrade and improve our Services.
Maintain business records for analysis and/or audit purposes.
Comply with record retention requirements under the prevailing law or as per client requirements.
Defend or bring any existing or potential legal claims.
or.
Address any complaints regarding the services.
Location of personal information collected and maintained.
Depending on the Service we are providing to you, your Personal Information may be collected, used, processed, disclosed, and transferred to and within the United States and other countries where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers.
By using our online systems, services, you understand that your Personal Information may be transferred to countries outside of your country of residence, which may have different data protection rules than your country.
Whenever during sharing information, we transfer personal information to countries outside of the European Economic Area and other regions with comprehensive data protection laws, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as permitted by the applicable laws on data protection.
Cookies.
We use cookies to store visitor preferences, record session information record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our website, record past activity at a website in order to provide better service when visitors return to website, ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads, and to customize web page content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends.
Most browsers are set up to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to have your browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or you can change your settings to refuse to accept cookies.
Related Services.
We may share your personal data with our affiliates to deliver our services and it may require us to it combine information internally across the different services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others.
Advertisements.
We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks for their advertising.
However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our site or apps, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may use mechanisms such as cookies to determine your identity.
Advertising partners may associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with our cookies and similar technologies.
Information security.
CYFIRMA takes reasonable steps endeavoring to use appropriate technical or organizational measures to protect your Personal Information, including against unauthorized or unlawful processing and accidental loss, destruction, or damage.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
As a result, while CYFIRMA strives to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to CYFIRMA, and you do so at your own risk.
Other Parties in connection with a corporate transaction.
We disclose or share your information in case we purchase, sell, finance, transfer, or acquire all or a portion of a business or assets, such as in connection with a merger, or in the event of a bankruptcy reorganization or liquidation.
Your consent.
By using our services, you consent to the terms of our online Privacy POLICY and to CYFIRMA processing of Personal Data for the business purposes.
You can request to access, update or correct your personal information.
You can write to [email protected].
Changes to this Privacy POLICY.
CYFIRMA reserves the right to update, change or modify this POLICY at any time.
The POLICY shall come to effect from the date of such update, change or modification.
Contact information.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by emailing us at [email protected] Should there be any concerns about contravention of this Privacy POLICY, CYFIRMA will employ all commercially reasonable efforts to address the same.
Get In Touch.
Have a burning question for us.
Want to decode threats and deploy the best cybersecurity strategy for your organization.
Products.
DeCYFIR.
DeTCT.
DeFNCE.
Partner.
Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Solutions.
Role.
Purpose.
Case Study.
Global IT Services Company.
Large Manufacturing Company.
Retail Conglomerate.
Resources.
Company.
Events.
Careers.
ProductsDeCYFIRDeTCTDeFNCE.
DeCYFIR.
DeTCT.
DeFNCE.
SolutionsRoleDeep and Dark Web MonitoringEarly Detection of Cyber ThreatsBrand Executive and Digital Risk ManagementCyber EducationThreat Hunting and Correlation.
Role.
Deep and Dark Web Monitoring.
Early Detection of Cyber Threats.
Brand Executive and Digital Risk Management.
Cyber Education.
Threat Hunting and Correlation.
Case StudyFinancial ServicesAutomotive IndustryRetail IndustryFinancial Services M&A.
Financial Services.
Automotive Industry.
Retail Industry.
Financial Services M&A.
ResourcesBlogsEarly WarningsOut of Band.
Blogs.
Early Warnings.
Out of Band.
CompanyAbout UsNewsroom.
About Us.
Newsroom.
Partners.
Events.
Careers.
Copyright CYFIRMA.
All rights reserved.
Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Your iFrame Code.
