SolutionsServicesProduct EngineeringCloud & DevOpsApplication DevelopmentTestingUI/UX DevelopmentArtificial IntelligenceBusiness IntelligenceSAP ServicesImplementation ServicesERPCRMCMSInfrastructure ManagementStaff AugmentationProductsTax TechnologyIndiaGST Compliance SolutionFinancial Accounting SoftwareCredit Assessment ToolVendor Management PortalCompliance Tracking SolutionGlobale-Invoicing for KSAVAT for GCCUK & EUDigital publishing platformAutomationTest AutomationIntelligent AutomationDigital SignatureOrdering AppsWeb & Mobile CommerceField Sales ManagementOnline PublishingPrint and eBook Solution.
ServicesProduct EngineeringCloud & DevOpsApplication DevelopmentTestingUI/UX DevelopmentArtificial IntelligenceBusiness IntelligenceSAP ServicesImplementation ServicesERPCRMCMSInfrastructure ManagementStaff Augmentation.
Product Engineering.
Cloud & DevOps.
Application Development.
Testing.
UI/UX Development.
Artificial Intelligence.
Business Intelligence.
SAP Services.
Implementation ServicesERPCRMCMS.
ERP.
CRM.
CMS.
Infrastructure Management.
Staff Augmentation.
ProductsTax TechnologyIndiaGST Compliance SolutionFinancial Accounting SoftwareCredit Assessment ToolVendor Management PortalCompliance Tracking SolutionGlobale-Invoicing for KSAVAT for GCCUK & EUDigital publishing platformAutomationTest AutomationIntelligent AutomationDigital SignatureOrdering AppsWeb & Mobile CommerceField Sales ManagementOnline PublishingPrint and eBook Solution.
Tax TechnologyIndiaGST Compliance SolutionFinancial Accounting SoftwareCredit Assessment ToolVendor Management PortalCompliance Tracking SolutionGlobale-Invoicing for KSAVAT for GCCUK & EU.
IndiaGST Compliance SolutionFinancial Accounting SoftwareCredit Assessment ToolVendor Management PortalCompliance Tracking Solution.
GST Compliance Solution.
Financial Accounting Software.
Credit Assessment Tool.
Vendor Management Portal.
Compliance Tracking Solution.
Globale-Invoicing for KSAVAT for GCCUK & EU.
e-Invoicing for KSA.
VAT for GCC.
UK & EU.
Digital publishing platform.
AutomationTest AutomationIntelligent Automation.
Test Automation.
Intelligent Automation.
Digital Signature.
Ordering AppsWeb & Mobile CommerceField Sales Management.
Web & Mobile Commerce.
Field Sales Management.
Online PublishingPrint and eBook Solution.
Print and eBook Solution.
Industries.
InsightsCase StudieseBooksWhite PapersBlogWebinars.
Case Studies.
eBooks.
White Papers.
Blog.
Webinars.
Discover UsCompany ProfileLeadership TeamOur BrandOur Smart PhilosophyPartnersAccreditationsCSRCareersMedia CentreContact Us.
Company Profile.
Leadership Team.
Our Brand.
Our Smart Philosophy.
Partners.
Accreditations.
CSR.
Careers.
Media Centre.
Contact Us.
Privacy Policy.
Know About our privacy policy.
Privacy is a fundamental right of every individual/entity.
At Cygnet, we strive to protect your privacy at all times, its at the very core of our ethos.
We take it very seriously, and strongly feel you should too.
This Privacy Policy is an electronic record in the form of an electronic contract formed under applicable data protection laws wherever the data is located.
This Privacy Policy does not require any physical, electronic or digital signature.
This Global Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy) describes the information that The Cygnet Infotech and its Subsidiaries (“Cygnet”) collect about you, how we use and protect this information which you provide us when you use our website and mobile application.
Please take a moment to read our Privacy Policy so that you know what choices you can make about how we use this information and how you can correct or update your information.
This Privacy Policy is published and shall be construed in accordance with the provisions of applicable Data Protection Laws and General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) as approved by European Union (EU) Parliament Regulation (EU) 2016/679 commencing from May 25th, 2018 (i.
e.
reasonable security practices and procedures for sensitive personal data information.
) that require publishing of the privacy policy for collection, use, storage and transfer of sensitive personal data or information.
The terms “We” / “Us” / “Our” individually and collectively refer to Cygnet Infotech Pvt Ltd (shall deem to include its Subsidiaries, Successors and Permitted assigns) and the terms “You” /”Your” / “Yourself” refer to the users.
By using Cygnet’s website and mobile application, you indicate that you understand and agree to this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use this website and / or mobile application.
1.
Scope and Consent.
You accept this Privacy Policy when you sign up for, access, or use our products, services, content, features, technologies or functionality, features offered through this website and mobile application (hereinafter referred as “Services”).
This Privacy Policy intended to govern the use of website and mobile application and it appears in the footer of our website and mobile application.
By using our Services and/or registering for an account with us, you are accepting this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, you are consenting to our collection, use, disclosure, retention, transfer and protection of your information and personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
If you Choose not to provide the information we require, you may not be able to take advantage of many of our features of the website and our Services .
Your privacy is utmost important to us.
We do not publish, sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent.
2.
Personal Information.
“Personal Information” is information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
an identifiable person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
We do not consider Personal Information to include information that has been made anonymous or aggregated so that it can no longer be used to identify a specific person, whether in combination with other information or otherwise.
As its name suggests, “Sensitive Information” is a more sensitive subset of personal information and if such information is considered sensitive under applicable law then it will be handled in accordance with such laws.
Further we also collect mobile number, email id, address, educations records, past employment records.
We collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store personal information when needed to provide our Services and for our operational and business purposes as described in this Privacy Policy.
We want to be clear about our Privacy Practices so that you can make informed choices about the use of your information, and we encourage you to contact us at any time with questions or concerns.
3.
Information We collect.
When you use our website and mobile application, we collect and store your Personal Information that are received from you.
Our primary goal in doing so is to provide a safe, secured, efficient, smooth experience while using our Services.
This allows us to provide Services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our website and mobile application to make your experience safer and easier.
Importantly, we only collect Personal Information about you that we consider necessary for achieving purpose.
We also collect information sent to us by your computer, mobile phone and other access device.
The information sent to us includes, but is not limited to, the following.
data about the pages you access, computer IP address, device ID or unique identifier, device type, geo-location information, computer and connection information, mobile network information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the sites, referral URL, ad data, and standard web log data and other information.
We also collect anonymous information through our use of cookies and web beacons.
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of your information.
By ‘your information’ we mean any information about you that you or third parties provide to us.
We will be transparent in our dealings with you and will inform you about how we will collect and use your information.
If we have collected your information for a particular purpose, we will not use it for anything else unless you have been informed and, where relevant or your permission obtained.
We will continue to review and assess the quality of our information.
We will observe the rights granted to you under applicable privacy and data protection laws, and will ensure that queries relating to privacy issues are promptly and transparently dealt with.
We will ensure that when we outsource any processes, then such sub-contractors have appropriate security measures in place and will contractually require them to comply with these Privacy Principles and data protection laws.
We may transfer your personal information within Cygnet and/or to other third parties, service providers if required limited to the fulfillment of the purpose.
Your personal information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in a country other than the one in which it was collected, this may include the United States.
When we do so, we transfer the information in compliance with applicable data protection laws.
We have necessary procedures and controls to help ensure that personal information is protected no matter what country it is stored in or transferred to.
4.
Information you give us when you use our Services or register for an account with us.
Identifying information such as your name, addresses, identification number, branch office address, telephone numbers, email addresses when you register for an account with us.
If any financial transaction data provided by you shall be retained by us solely in accordance with the provision of applicable data protection laws.
Additional information be required due to amendment in applicable data protection laws from time to time, such information will be collected.
and retained as per applicable data protection laws.
Billing and related information of your account will be available with us in accordance to the provision of laws and for future reference as per our policy.
5.
Technical and functional management of the Website and mobile application.
When you use our website, we also process technical data such as your IP-address, Device ID or MAC-address, access dates and times, app features or pages viewed, app crashes and information about the manufacturer, model, and operating system of your devices.
We use this data to enable us to deliver the functionalities of the website and mobile application, resolve technical difficulties, and provide you with the appropriate services (prevent the transmission of spam, viruses and/or unlawful, defamatory, obscene or otherwise undesirable material or content).
6.
Cookie and its Usage.
a) “Cookies” are pieces of information that are stored by your web browser on your computer’s hard disk, for record-keeping purposes.
Cookies only identify your computer and not you personally.
b) We make use of cookies to store your preferences, record session information, collect information on how you visit and access our Services, and to tailor our Services features and functionality to your needs.
You can further refer our Cookie Policy at  Most web browsers allow you to turn off cookies.
however, turning off cookies will limit your use of our Services.
If you do accept a “cookie”, you thereby agree to our use of Information collected by us using that cookie.
7.
Personal information from other sources.
If you give us personal information about someone else, you must do so only with their explicit and prior consent.
You should inform them how we collect, use, disclose, and retain, transfer their personal information according to our Privacy Policy.
8.
Use and Retention of Personal information.
We may use the information we collect about you to.
Provide you, maintain, and improve our Services, including, for example, to facilitate send receipts, provide products and Services you request (and send related information), develop new features, provide customer support to users for website and mobile application (i.
e.
email, telephone etc.
) develop safety features, authenticate users, and send product updates and administrative messages.
Process transaction and sent intimation through email and SMS on your registered email id and mobile number as per applicable data protection laws.
Verify your identity, including during account creation and password reset processes.
Sent invoices through email on your registered email id.
Manage risk, or to detect, prevent, and/or remediate fraud or other potentially prohibited or illegal activities.
Detect, prevent or remediate violations of policies or applicable Terms of Use.
Perform internal operations, including, for example, to prevent fraud and abuse of our Services or illegal activities.
to troubleshoot software bugs and operational problems.
to conduct data analysis, testing and to monitor and analyze usage and activity trends.
Send you communications we think will be of interest to you, including information about products, services, promotions, updates from time to time, where permissible and according to local applicable data protection laws.
Personalize and improve the Services, including to provide or recommend features, content, social connections, referrals, and advertisements.
Geo-location information to provide you with location based services (such as, search results, and other personalized content).
All details disclosed at the time of subscription with consent will be retained as per Privacy Policy as per applicable data protection laws.
We retain your Personal Information as long as it is necessary and relevant in accordance with provision of applicable data protection laws.
In addition, we may retain Personal Information from closed accounts to comply with applicable data protection laws, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigation, enforce our Terms of Use and take other actions permitted or required by applicable data protection laws.
After it is no longer necessary for us to retain your Personal Information, we may dispose of it in a secure manner according to applicable data protection law and in accordance with other allied laws.
Subject to applicable law, we shall delete your Personal Information upon your written request, Cygnet will make reasonable attempts to delete all instance of the information in their entirety.
9.
Disclose of Personal Information.
a) We may disclose your Personal Information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Cygnet in order to deliver our Services to you that, in some cases, are targeted for your interests.
We minimize the amount of disclosure of Personal Information, we disclose to what is directly relevant and necessary to accomplish the specified purpose.
As stated above, we do not disclose your Personal Information to any third parties for their promotional, marketing and advertising purposes without your explicit consent.
b) We may be required to disclose your Personal Information with government authorities and agencies for the purposes of verification of identity or for prevention, detection, investigation including but not limited to cyber incidents, prosecution and punishment of offences.
You agree and consent for us to disclose your information, if so required under the applicable law.
c) All your private communications and other Personal Information will never be disclosed in other than described in this Privacy Policy.
By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose Personal Information to the government or stipulated authorities under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications (i.
e.
unlawful access by perpetrator).
Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do expect that you stay vigilant and responsible towards operations under this Agreement.
d) If we were to merge with or be acquired by another company, sale of company assets or restructuring, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business by or into another company.
We may share information with them in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Should such an event occur, we will require that the new combined entity follow this Privacy Policy with respect to your Personal Information.
If your Personal Information will be collected, used, disclosed, or retained for any purposes not covered in this Privacy Policy, you will receive prior notification of the processing of your Personal Information for the new purposes.
10.
Choices.
a) You may correct your account information at any time by logging into your online web account.
If you wish to cancel or revoke your account, please email us at and we will process your request in the 15 working days.
Please note that in some cases we may retain certain information about you as required by law, or for legitimate business purposes to the extent permitted by law.
b) When you sign in to your account on our Services, we may give you the option to stay signed in to your account for a certain period.
If you are using a public or shared computer, we encourage you not to choose to stay signed in.
You or any other user of the computer/browser you signed in on will be able to view and access most parts of your account and take certain specific actions during this signed in period without any further authorization to use the account.
c) You can typically end your signed in session by either signing out and/or clearing your cookies.
If you have certain browser privacy settings enabled, simply closing your browser may also end your signed in session.
If you are using a public or shared computer, you should sign out and/or clear your cookies when you are done using our Services to protect your account and your Personal Information.
d) If you withdraw your consent for the use or disclosure of your Personal Information for purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, you may do so by mailing us on and we will address your concern within 15 business days.
Though by doing so you may not have access to all our Services and we might not be able to provide you all of the Services as our users and authorized under this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.
11.
Access Rights.
To Protect your privacy and security, we will verify your identity before granting access or making changes to your personally-identifying information.
If you have registered your profile on us, your User ID and Password are required to access your profile information.
12.
Contact Information.
We seek permission for our Service for collecting and syncing of contact information from your system and device as per the permission system used through web and mobile operating system.
If you initially permit the collection of this information, IOS users can later disable it by changing the contacts settings on respective mobile device.
The Android and other platform may or not provide such settings.
13.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe.
You may opt out of receiving update, promotional and marketing messages from us in accordance to applicable law by following the instructions in those messages or you email us at If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account, about Services you have requested, or our ongoing business relations.
14.
Security and Storage Measure.
We maintain the integrity and security of your Personal Information.
We use industry-standard protocols as well as GDPR regulations to protect Your Personal Information and procedures in line with international standard ISO / IEC 27001.
2013 security standards to ensure that the information provided by you is reasonably Secure.
a) We seek to store your Personal Information in secure operating environments that are not accessible to the general public.
We also ensure that the security measures are in place to protect against the loss, unauthorized access, misuse or alteration of your Personal Information by our employees or third parties, however, no data transmission over the Internet or data storage environment can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot give an absolute assurance that the information you provide to us will be secure at all times.
If you believe your account has been abused, please contact us .
b) We will not be held responsible for events arising from unauthorized access to your Personal Information.
We will rely on you for telling us if you experience any unusual events that may indicate a breach in your information security.
We will then seek to investigate whether the security breach was related to the data transmissions from our Services and let you know what steps can be taken to rectify the problem.
Further action, such as reporting incidents to the police or other relevant authorities, may also be required.
15.
Children’s Privacy.
Our Services are generally not aimed at children.
If, however, we collect and use information about children, such as to develop an educational resource, we will comply with industry guidelines and applicable data protection laws.
16.
Third Party Privacy Practices.
This Privacy Policy addresses only the use and disclosure of Personal Information we collect from you.
If you disclose your information to others, or if you are directed to a third-party website, their privacy policy and practices will apply.
You should review the privacy policies applicable to these third-party services.
We cannot guarantee the privacy or security of your information once you provide it to a third party and we encourage you to evaluate the privacy and security policies of third party before entering into a transaction and choosing to share your information.
For purpose of providing the Services to you, third party service provider associates with the Cygnet and get involved in managing, handling, storage, processing and transmitting information of Cygnet which includes all sub-contractor, consultant and/or representatives of third party.
17.
Grievance Officer.
In case of any feedback or grievances in relation to the collection, storage, use, disclosure and transfer of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy or any terms of Cygnet’s Terms of Use and other Terms and Conditions, please contact the following.
Mr.
Anuj Teli, the designated grievance officer.
E-mail .
.
Write us at .
2nd Floor, Dinesh Hall, The Textile Association (India), Ashram Road, Ahmedabad 380009.
18.
Change in this Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to change the Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on this website and we will indicate the effective date when the Privacy Policy is updated.
If we make any material changes to the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by sending an e-mail to the e-mail address you most recently provided us or by posting notice of the changes on this site.
We request you to periodically review the Privacy Policy from time to time for the recent changes on our privacy practices.
Reviewed.
28-05-2021.
DisclaimerWE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
WE DO NOT HAVE ANY METHOD TO ASSESS OR VERIFY THE VERACITY OF YOUR INFORMATION PROVIDED IS CURRENT OR ACCURATE.
Let's talk.
Privacy Policy.
GDPR.
Terms & Conditions.
This website uses Cookies to improve the website’s functionality & provide you with a better browsing experience.
Detailed information on the use of cookies on this website, and how you can decline them, is provided in our Cookie Policy.
If you don't agree, kindly disable cookies from your browser settings.
