We use cookies to ensure we give you the best experience on our website.
If you continue to use this website, we will assume you agree to this.
Privacy policy.
Home.
Products            Farmlayer                    Farmlayer                    Insight into all plots in the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxumbourgh, Austria, Germany, Denmark & FranceFarm Intelligence                    Crop Recording                    Record activities on your field quickly and smartly.
Cloudfarm                    Link precision farming to crop recording                    Disease Management                    Advice on the use of plant protection products                    Weather Forecast                    Reliable weather forecast by region                    Weather Data                    Historical and current weather data from your own or a Dacom weather station                    Irrigation Management                    Know exactly when, where and how much irrigation is required                    TerraSen HardwareAdvanced soil humidity station with access to our applications                    Weather Station HardwareThe most accurate and reliable measurement of weather data                    CropX Sensor HardwareRobust soil moisture sensor with two measurement depthsAgribusiness                    FarmLook                    Make your agribusiness data driven and focus on data exchange with growers.
Farmlayer.
Farmlayer                    Insight into all plots in the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxumbourgh, Austria, Germany, Denmark & France.
Insight into all plots in the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxumbourgh, Austria, Germany, Denmark & France.
Farm Intelligence.
Crop Recording                    Record activities on your field quickly and smartly.
Record activities on your field quickly and smartly.
Cloudfarm                    Link precision farming to crop recording.
Link precision farming to crop recording.
Disease Management                    Advice on the use of plant protection products.
Advice on the use of plant protection products.
Weather Forecast                    Reliable weather forecast by region.
Reliable weather forecast by region.
Weather Data                    Historical and current weather data from your own or a Dacom weather station.
Historical and current weather data from your own or a Dacom weather station.
Irrigation Management                    Know exactly when, where and how much irrigation is required.
Know exactly when, where and how much irrigation is required.
TerraSen HardwareAdvanced soil humidity station with access to our applications.
Advanced soil humidity station with access to our applications.
Weather Station HardwareThe most accurate and reliable measurement of weather data.
The most accurate and reliable measurement of weather data.
CropX Sensor HardwareRobust soil moisture sensor with two measurement depths.
Robust soil moisture sensor with two measurement depths.
Agribusiness.
FarmLook                    Make your agribusiness data driven and focus on data exchange with growers.
Make your agribusiness data driven and focus on data exchange with growers.
Stories.
About.
Customer service.
To application.
Login.
Try it for free.
Privacy Declaration.
INTRODUCTION.
Here you can find the privacy declaration of Dacom Farm Intelligence.
In this privacy statement you can find everything about the way your personal data is collected and processed.
The privacy declaration explains where your data is stored and for what purpose your data is stored.
In addition, you will also find all your rights with regard to your data and how you can make use of these rights.
The privacy declaration can be changed for certain reasons, for example, legislative changes.
It is therefore advisable to periodically consult the statement.
WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR PERSONAL DATA.
You are currently reading the privacy statement of Dacom Farm Intelligence.
Dacom Farm Intelligence is an ICT company that provides the global agricultural sector with data driven advisory services.
Dacom Farm IntelligenceWaanderweg 687812 HZ Emmen, The Netherlands.
Telephone number.
+31 88 3226600E-mail.
.
CoC Number.
53188772VAT Number.
VAT NL850786290B01.
WHERE ARE YOUR PERSONAL DETAILS STORED.
Your personal data is stored and maintained within the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
WHAT PERSONAL DATA WILL BE COLLECTED BY US.
We only collect personal information clients provide us with.
The information that is mandatory to deliver is the minimum required data for the provision of our services and/or products.
If this information is not provided, Dacom Farm Intelligence can not deliver the service or product.
WITH WHAT PURPOSE ARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED.
We collect your personal information to.
· Create and manage your Dacom account· Process your order of our hardware and/or services· Provide you with service· Send marketing information or other relevant information such as newsletters· Be able to make analyzes· Send surveys that give you the opportunity to improve our services· Prevent abuse and improper use of our services· Continuously improve our products, services and customer service.
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS.
Right of inspection.
You have the right to request information at any time about the personal data that we keep for you.
Right to rectification & erasure of data.
If the data is incorrect, incomplete or not applicable, you can contact us to change or delete the data.
We can not delete your data in the event of a legally established storage obligation, such as accounting rules, or if there are other legitimate reasons for storing such data, such as outstanding debts.
Right of transfer.
If you need your data in case you switch to a different party or service, which we will find very unfortunate.
It is possible to take your data at any time by downloading it from your account.
Right to stop data usage.
Do you want Dacom Farm Intelligence to stop using your data.
Then you have the right to stop the use your personal data.
Right to submit a complaint You have the right to file a complaint with the Dutch Data Protection Authority if you feel that Dacom Farm Intelligence does not handle your data correctly.
The use of these rights can be made via our customer care department by sending an e-mail to our Privacy Officer.
The aim is to respond within a week.
STORAGE TIME.
Dacom Farm Intelligence does not store your personal data for longer than is strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which your data is collected, including ensuring that our processing complies with the applicable laws and regulations (eg auditing, accounting and legal retention periods), handling disputes and improving our products & services.
WHO HAS ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL DATA.
Your personal data can be processed within Dacom Farm Intelligence and its dealers and / or resellers.
We also pass on the data to third parties such as Mailchimp and various hosting providers from whom we purchase cloud services.
We take their information security policy into account when selecting our suppliers and partners.
We will never forward, sell or trade your data to third parties for marketing purposes outside Dacom Farm Intelligence and its dealers and / or resellers.
Your e-mail address and name will be stored in Mailchimp.
The storage is for an indefinite period.
You can unsubscribe whenever you want via the link at the bottom of the newsletters.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA.
We have taken both technical and organizational measures to protect your data against loss, manipulation, unauthorized access, etc.
The personal details are only accessible via software protected by a password.
In addition, your visit to our online software is protected by an SSL certificate.
This means that your connection with our online service is private.
You recognize this security by the green lock icon in front of the URL.
To make credit card payments as secure as possible, all information is sent in an encrypted form.
This means that the information is sent through a secure connection and that your credit card details can not be seen by external parties.
For credit card payments, we work with an authorized payment partner who allows us to check directly with the bank whether the credit card is valid for purchases.
Our payment partner will process your credit card details correctly, as laid down in the international security standard PCI DSS.
This means that your credit card details are processed according to the highest security standard.
COOKIES.
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer or mobile device and that is retrieved from the website and used during following visits.
Dacom Farm Intelligence uses cookies to make your visit to our website more fun and easy.
We do not use cookies to store personal information or to pass on information to third parties.
There are two types of cookies.
permanent cookies and temporary cookies (session cookies).
Permanent cookies are stored as a file on your computer or mobile device for a maximum of 12 months.
Session cookies are temporarily stored and will be deleted as soon as you close your browser.
We use permanent cookies if you choose the option “Remember my details” when logging in.
We use session cookies to check if you are logged in or have a product in your shopping cart.
You can easily delete cookies from your computer or mobile device via your browser.
Remember that if you choose to disable cookies, you can not use all functions on the website.
COOKIES OF THIRD PARTIES.
We use third party cookies to collect statistics for analytics tools such as Google Analytics.
This concerns both permanent and temporary cookies (session cookies).
The permanent third party cookies are stored on your computer or mobile device for a maximum of 24 months.
Google Analytics.
In order to fine-tune the design of our website, we work with pseudonymous user profiles.
For this we use Google Analytics, a web analysis service.
Google Analytics uses “cookies”, or text files that are stored on your computer and that help the website analyze how the website is used.
Your IP address will be anonymized by Google before the profile is created.
The use of pseudonymous user profiles is regularly applied within the EU, with the exception of the US.
You can prevent the saving of cookies by adjusting the settings of your browser.
However, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of the website.
LINKS.
On dacom.
nl there are links to other websites which we do not supervise.
We do not accept any liability for the protection of personal data or for the content of these websites, but we offer these links to make it easier for our visitors to find more information about certain topics.
If you have any questions feel free to contact our Privacy Officer Marina ter Wiel via .
Farm Intelligence.
CloudfarmLink precision farming to crop recording.
Link precision farming to crop recording.
Irrigation ManagementKnow exactly when, where and how much irrigation is required.
Know exactly when, where and how much irrigation is required.
Crop RecordingRecord activities on your field quickly and smartly.
Record activities on your field quickly and smartly.
Weather ForecastReliable weather forecast by region.
Reliable weather forecast by region.
Weather DataHistorical and current weather data from your own or a Dacom weather station.
Historical and current weather data from your own or a Dacom weather station.
TerraSen HardwareAdvanced soil humidity station with access to our applications.
Advanced soil humidity station with access to our applications.
Weather Station HardwareThe most accurate and reliable measurement of weather data.
The most accurate and reliable measurement of weather data.
CropX Station HardwareRobust soil moisture sensor with two measurement depths.
Robust soil moisture sensor with two measurement depths.
Farmlayer.
FarmlayerInsight into all plots in the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxumbourgh, Austria, Germany, Denmark & France.
Insight into all plots in the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxumbourgh, Austria, Germany, Denmark & France.
Agribusiness.
FarmLookMake your agribusiness data driven and focus on data exchange with growers.
Make your agribusiness data driven and focus on data exchange with growers.
Stories.
Cases.
News.
Projects.
General terms and conditions.
Privacy.
General terms and conditions.
Return policy.
Dacom.
Customer service.
About us.
Contact.
Working at Dacom 2.
Newsletter.
Part of.
Social media.
Copyright © Dacom by Cropx, all rights reserved.
Home.
Products.
Stories.
About.
Customer service.
