Home.
Bulletins.
Newsletters.
Source Code.
Protocol Enterprise.
Protocol Fintech.
Protocol Gaming.
Protocol Pipeline.
Protocol Index.
Protocol Next Up.
Protocol China.
Protocol Workplace.
Protocol Entertainment.
Protocol Policy.
Protocol Climate.
Enterprise.
About Protocol Enterprise.
Workplace.
About Protocol Workplace.
Protocol Workplace Tech Employee Survey.
Download the Full Report.
Diversity Tracker.
Diversity Tracker — Race (Overall).
Diversity Tracker — Race (Leadership).
Diversity Tracker — Gender (Overall).
Diversity Tracker — Gender (Leadership).
China.
About Protocol China.
Fintech.
About Protocol Fintech.
Small Business Fintech Survey 2022.
Policy.
Tech Employee Survey.
About Protocol Policy.
Subscribe to Protocol Policy.
Entertainment.
About Entertainment.
People.
Power.
Politics.
Braintrust.
Braintrust — Fintech.
Braintrust — Enterprise.
Braintrust — Work and Productivity.
Braintrust — Policy.
Manuals.
CES 2021.
The New Enterprise.
The Small Business Recovery.
Quantum computing manual.
Protocol Manual.
Health Care.
The Retail Resurgence.
Reinvention of Spending.
The Rise of Retail Investing.
Transforming 2021.
The New Database.
The Inclusive Workplace.
Buy now.
Pay later.
Win the future.
Proptech’s big moment.
The Great Resignation.
Careers.
Source Code.
Events.
Virtual Meetups.
Tech Hearing.
Section 230 Hearing.
Election 2020.
Post-election hearing.
Apple Epic Trial.
Power Index.
Enterprise.
Observability.
Robotic Process Automation.
Databases.
Hybrid Storage.
Low-Code / No-Code.
Fintech.
Consumer Trading Platforms.
Payments Infrastructure.
Neobanks.
Consumer Lending.
Crypto Exchanges.
Climate.
Subscribe to Protocol Climate.
About Protocol Climate.
Log in.
Inside the collapse of Daqri's $300M bet on AR.
Former employees detail the company's rocky path to failure.
Daqri burned through $300 million trying to invent the future of computing, only to end up in an asset sale.
Everything went wrong for Daqri.
The startup rode a wave of augmented reality hype and about $300 million in funding to a series of half-baked products before failing spectacularly and shutting down last year.
One of Daqri's last remnants was recently acquired by Snap.
The company confirmed to Protocol that late last year it took on certain Daqri assets and about two-dozen employees, who now work in the company's newly opened Vienna office under the leadership of former Daqri CTO Daniel Wagner.
Snap didn't disclose the purchase price, but the timing lines up with a $34 million acquisition disclosed in its annual report to shareholders.
Get what matters in tech, in your inbox every morning.
Sign up for Source Code.
In interviews, more than 10 former employees detailed Daqri's demise.
In its decade of existence, the company built a retro-futuristic augmented reality helmet with a hefty $15,000 price tag, used fancy videos to sell the world on visual computing, and acquired a series of other startups in offices around the globe, only to see it all slip away when its glossy AR dreams collided with reality.
It's a story that anyone working in the AR and VR space should take to heart, if only to avoid a similar downfall.
The early days, and a big pivot.
Daqri launched in 2010 as an early mobile AR company that used QR codes and real-world objects to create interactive experiences on smartphones.
Its first projects included a multiyear partnership with Crayola, which used Daqri's technology to turn coloring book pages into digital 3D objects on your phone.
The company also worked on a platform to let others develop their own AR content and experiences, but executives quickly realized that they were way too early for consumer AR.
In 2014, a Kickstarter campaign for Daqri-developed interactive blocks attracted fewer than 200 backers, which was enough to fund the project but hardly a critical mass.
That's when company executives decided to change course and focus on businesses instead of consumers.
It's also when Daqri started to get massive cash infusions from Tarsadia Investments, a Southern California-based private equity company.
And, according to a number of its former employees, it's when a lot of Daqri's troubles started.
Former employees who talked to Protocol all did so on the condition of anonymity for fear of retaliation, including from the company's main funder, which still controls legal entities connected to Daqri.
Some also expressed concerns about getting singled out at their current place of work for talking to the media.
As one might expect, any company that ends up laying off most of its employees will leave some with ill feelings.
It's also worth noting that not everyone who Protocol talked with was critical of Daqri.
Depending on their time of employment, position and location, some praised Daqri, its leadership, and job perks that included unlimited vacation, yoga classes and nap rooms, as well as frequent offsite events and parties.
Daqri's founding CEO Brian Mullins, his successor Roy Ashok and its main investor Tarsadia did not reply to requests for comment.
From a $5 million valuation to $275M in funding, with strings attached.
There aren't a lot of public disclosures about Daqri's funding, but a lawsuit of a co-founder, who alleged that he got cheated out of his fair share, reveals that the company was valued at $5 million in an asset transfer in May 2013.
The company announced a $15 million fundraise later that year, and Tarsadia went on to prop up Daqri with a steady flow of cash that had amounted to a reported $275 million by 2017.
Sources told Protocol the total amount put into the company was in the $300 million range.
Tarsadia had made several bets in the pharmaceutical space and saw in Daqri a chance to invest early in a nascent technology that could be transformative to the workplace.
Daqri employees with knowledge of the relationship told Protocol that Tarsadia was anything but a typical startup investor.
Instead of taking a minority stake, the private equity company bought out Daqri.
"None of the employees really owned any part of the company," said a long-time senior employee.
The ownership structure was problematic, multiple former employees told Protocol.
"The incentives were wrong," said one former employee.
"Everyone had already cashed out.
".
Daqri's executives were left without power, effectively turning them into subordinates.
"It was a group of middle management that was reporting to the investors," the former senior employee said.
Tarsadia executives are even said to have taken part in Daqri's executive off-sites, which resulted in Daqri's leadership avoiding frank discussions about problems at the company.
"The investor was always in the room," the former senior employee said.
A futuristic helmet that remained a prototype.
As part of its focus on businesses, Daqri announced the development of a futuristic-looking hard hat with integrated AR glasses in 2014.
It was an audacious project that was pitched to construction companies, manufacturers of heavy machinery, and even the U.
S.
Navy.
The project required a lot of technical expertise so Daqri embarked on a spending spree, acquiring AR software specialist ARToolworks, EEG headband maker Melon, manufacturing startup 1066 Labs and holographic display developer Two Trees Photonics.
The company quickly ballooned to around 400 employees from different corporate cultures in six offices in Los Angeles, the Bay Area, Ireland, the U.
K.
and Austria.
And the technical challenges remained immense.
Daqri initially bet on Android to power the helmet, only to change course and switch to Linux soon before the product was supposed to ship in 2016.
"A lot of people were unhappy" about that switch, said one employee who worked on the project for multiple years.
Daqri also learned the hard way that you can't develop workplace products exclusively in the lab.
The helmet, which cost $15,000, was a highly specialized piece of equipment with sensors like a thermal camera that made for a good sales pitch.
Workers in the field on the other hand often cared about much simpler features, like the ability to see what's behind them.
Or they didn't want to be bothered with technology at all and found all the bells and whistles alienating.
"We received pushback for the same exact thing that gave us orders," said the former employee who had been working on the project.
On top of that, Daqri had trouble obtaining the necessary certifications needed to use the helmet in industrial workplaces.
"It was a product that was never finished for scale deployment," said the former senior employee.
"I wouldn't say that it was functional," said the former employee who worked on the project.
Another employee, who was with the company about four years, had an even franker assessment.
"None of it was real.
".
Marketing as a core part of the business.
You wouldn't have known about any of the issues from looking at Daqri's marketing.
The company received favorable coverage from a number of publications.
It also churned out a steady stream of polished videos on its own, showing Daqri's helmet in a variety of industrial settings, on a Navy ship, and, inexplicably, worn by a man donning a jet suit, Iron Man-style.
"There were people making videos all the time," said the former senior employee.
"It absolutely was showmanship.
That was part of the company DNA.
".
"That became a core part of the business, that marketing arm," said another employee.
In conversations with Protocol, multiple employees attributed some of Daqri's heavy focus on marketing and promotion to its proximity to Hollywood.
The company's Los Angeles headquarters was in the Los Angeles Center Studios facility, where it occupied two floors, including one that used to house the set for AMC's "Mad Men" and where decorations included movie props.
Daqri's relentless marketing wasn't just about selling AR to the world.
It was also meant to woo the investor-owner, and ultimately convince staffers of the company's potential as well.
In one instance, Daqri staff even produced a video for an internal holiday party that portrayed senior executives in the future, talking about how big of a success the company had become.
It worked.
While some were skeptical about aspects of Daqri's technology, many bought into the vision of its founders.
"We didn't even see the demise coming," said one former employee.
Layoffs, spin-offs, 'Hunger Games' jokes.
That demise started around the beginning of 2017, when it became increasingly clear that Daqri's smart helmet wasn't going anywhere.
In March 2017, Business Insider reported that 80 employees worldwide would be laid off.
It resulted in the closing of two offices, according to a former employee.
Additional layoffs followed every couple of months.
In Los Angeles, one of the two office floors quickly emptied and was subleased to another company.
Former employees said that the atmosphere at the company quickly changed, with some criticizing the executive leadership for not handling the layoffs well.
Staffers who were let go were forced to leave the office as quickly as possible, at times without having a chance to say their goodbyes.
One employee who stayed on well into 2018 said that it had turned into the most toxic workplace of their career.
Another employee recalled that the team started to make "Hunger Games" jokes.
"It was very stressful," that employee said.
"The company was just hemorrhaging people.
".
At about the same time, the company shifted its efforts from the smart helmet to a simpler set of AR glasses that retailed for $5,000 — more than Microsoft's HoloLens AR headset, which first went on sale for $3,000 in 2016.
Daqri's leadership was swapped out, with Chief Product Officer Roy Ashok taking over as CEO, and founding CEO Brian Mullins being forced to leave.
By this point, investor-owner Tarsadia was already looking for ways to minimize its losses.
Instead of pouring in more money, Tarsadia proceeded to spin off some of the company's acquisitions into separate entities.
The Two Tree Photonics team, which had started to develop AR for car windshields while at Daqri, incorporated as Envisics.
A team headed by early Xbox architect Seamus Blackley, who had joined Daqri in March 2017, got spun off into an R&D company called Pacific Light & Hologram.
Daqri's staff dwindled in subsequent months, and the company ultimately shut down operations and let go its final staff in September 2019.
Its office furniture was auctioned off soon after, and its patent portfolio went up for sale earlier this month.
The lawsuit of Daqri's co-founder against the company is still ongoing and is expected to go before a jury soon.
Lessons from Daqri's failure.
Asked why Daqri failed, former employees offered a range of opinions.
Many of them cited excessive spending fueled by big checks, a lack of direction, and the inability to pivot from projects in time.
They also cited the role of the owner-investor and failures of leadership.
But ultimately, the demise also has a lot to do with factors that aren't all that unique to Daqri.
Making hardware is difficult, as is inventing products for a use case nobody yet wants.
That's a problem that AR companies like Magic Leap face as well.
The Florida-based startup, which raised over $2.
6 billion in funding to date and is currently looking for more, is also known for blue-sky marketing that aims to not just sell its product, but AR in general.
Like Daqri, Magic Leap and Microsoft have also more recently pegged their hopes for AR's commercial success to enterprise use cases, betting that companies will buy hardware at price points out of reach to the average consumer.
But as Daqri shows, selling to big companies, and getting AR to work in industrial contexts, can be extremely challenging as well.
And while Daqri may have failed, it may still play a significant part in the future of AR.
"Daqri was also the beginning of a lot of people's careers," said an employee who went on to work for a different AR company.
If anything, alumni could help other companies avoid the same mistakes.
Lessons learned from Daqri's failure may be valuable to any company looking to build AR products, including Snap.
The Vienna team formed from Daqi's wreckage is said to be working on AR software for the company.
Software, one might add, that could ultimately also power a future AR version of the company's Spectacles wearable — just don't expect it to look like a helmet.
PROTOCOL.
ENTERTAINMENT.
Understand how new technologies like AR and VR, gaming, streaming and Web3 are coming together to form the metaverse.
Every Tuesday, Thursday and Friday.
Your information will be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Thank you for signing up.
Please check your inbox to verify your email.
Log in.
Sorry, something went wrong.
Please try again.
A login link has been emailed to you - please check your inbox.
Janko Roettgers is a senior reporter at Protocol, reporting on the shifting power dynamics between tech, media, and entertainment, including the impact of new technologies.
Previously, Janko was Variety's first-ever technology writer in San Francisco, where he covered big tech and emerging technologies.
He has reported for Gigaom, Frankfurter Rundschau, Berliner Zeitung, and ORF, among others.
He has written three books on consumer cord-cutting and online music and co-edited an anthology on internet subcultures.
He lives with his family in Oakland.
Meta offers a glimpse at next-generation VR headsets.
Meta previewed some of its experimental VR prototypes.
The company says these headsets will pave the way for next-generation devices.
Meta has reoriented its entire social networking business around a mission to build the metaverse.
Nick Statt is Protocol's video game reporter.
Prior to joining Protocol, he was news editor at The Verge covering the gaming industry, mobile apps and antitrust out of San Francisco, in addition to managing coverage of Silicon Valley tech giants and startups.
He now resides in Rochester, New York, home of the garbage plate and, completely coincidentally, the World Video Game Hall of Fame.
He can be reached at .
Meta is pulling back the curtain on some of its experimental virtual-reality projects, showcasing a number of new prototypes the company says will help it advance display technology to the point of being indistinguishable from real life.
In a press briefing last week, Mark Zuckerberg and Meta Reality Labs Chief Scientist Michael Abrash discussed a handful of VR devices, each designed to improve an element of VR.
They all have colorful names, too, like Butterscotch, Starburst, Holocake and Mirror Lake.
Nick Statt is Protocol's video game reporter.
Prior to joining Protocol, he was news editor at The Verge covering the gaming industry, mobile apps and antitrust out of San Francisco, in addition to managing coverage of Silicon Valley tech giants and startups.
He now resides in Rochester, New York, home of the garbage plate and, completely coincidentally, the World Video Game Hall of Fame.
He can be reached at .
Chips are the backbone of our digital economy.
We must rebuild the American chip industry or suffer the consequences.
Some of the most astounding tech-enabled advances of the next decade, from cutting-edge medical research to urban traffic control and factory floor optimization, will be enabled by a device often smaller than a thumbnail.
the memory chip.
While vast amounts of data are created, stored and processed every moment — by some estimates, 2.
5 quintillion bytes daily — the insights in that code are unlocked by the memory chips that hold it and transfer it.
“Memory will propel the next 10 years into the most transformative years in human history,” said Sanjay Mehrotra, president and CEO of Micron Technology.
The privacy debate could get 'dangerous' for the FTC.
Former FTC acting chair Maureen Ohlhausen has a warning for Lina Khan.
Former FTC acting chair Maureen Ohlhausen spoke with Protocol about the current state of the agency.
Ben Brody BenBrodyDC) is a senior reporter at Protocol focusing on how Congress, courts and agencies affect the online world we live in.
He formerly covered tech policy and lobbying (including antitrust, Section 230 and privacy) at Bloomberg News, where he previously reported on the influence industry, government ethics and the 2016 presidential election.
Before that, Ben covered business news at CNNMoney and AdAge, and all manner of stories in and around New York.
He still loves appearing on the New York news radio he grew up with.
There’s one debate over privacy in Congress and another at the Federal Trade Commission, but the two are tightly linked, former FTC acting chair Maureen Ohlhausen told Protocol — and not in a way that’s good for the agency’s plans.
Ohlhausen, a Republican, is now co-chair of a group that represents internet service providers, and she testified at a House hearing Tuesday on the bipartisan, bicameral privacy proposal currently under consideration.
Although the measure still faces headwinds in the Senate, Ohlhausen said she thinks lawmakers are much closer to an agreement than when she left the FTC in 2018.
She also said that, with some tweaks, the measure would have a lot more to offer the business sector than the status quo, despite the complaints from some powerful lobbying interests.
Ben Brody BenBrodyDC) is a senior reporter at Protocol focusing on how Congress, courts and agencies affect the online world we live in.
He formerly covered tech policy and lobbying (including antitrust, Section 230 and privacy) at Bloomberg News, where he previously reported on the influence industry, government ethics and the 2016 presidential election.
Before that, Ben covered business news at CNNMoney and AdAge, and all manner of stories in and around New York.
He still loves appearing on the New York news radio he grew up with.
It’s time to get serious about heat pumps.
Heat pumps are quickly emerging as the HVAC technology of the future.
We just need more of them.
It's time for heat pumps.
Brian (	is Protocol's climate editor.
Previously, he was the managing editor and founding senior writer at Earther, Gizmodo's climate site, where he covered everything from the weather to Big Oil's influence on politics.
He also reported for Climate Central and the Wall Street Journal.
In the even more distant past, he led sleigh rides to visit a herd of 7,000 elk and boat tours on the deepest lake in the U.
S.
Scorching temperatures have blanketed the U.
S.
Searing heat has hit Europe, too, with a ferocity unseen in recorded history for this time of year.
And summer.
It’s just getting started.
Climate change is making extreme heat more likely and intense.
And the air conditioners we use to stay cool are making matters worse.
As more locations turn to air conditioning, a novel solution is springing up that could keep things cool in summer and warm in winter — and not ravage the climate.
Heat pumps are gaining increasing traction in the public consciousness, and policymakers are starting to get the memo, too.
Brian (	is Protocol's climate editor.
Previously, he was the managing editor and founding senior writer at Earther, Gizmodo's climate site, where he covered everything from the weather to Big Oil's influence on politics.
He also reported for Climate Central and the Wall Street Journal.
In the even more distant past, he led sleigh rides to visit a herd of 7,000 elk and boat tours on the deepest lake in the U.
S.
Poparazzi, BeReal and the rise of the anti-Instagram.
New social apps are eschewing the norms of traditional platforms.
Poparazzi co-founders Austen and Alex Ma want their app to showcase  “the real you, by your real friends.
".
Nat Rubio-Licht is a Los Angeles-based news writer at Protocol.
They graduated from Syracuse University with a degree in newspaper and online journalism in May 2020.
Prior to joining the team, they worked at the Los Angeles Business Journal as a technology and aerospace reporter.
Photo-sharing app Poparazzi has some unusual rules.
Users can’t post photos of themselves, or post on their own profiles at all.
Instead, they can only share on their friends’ profiles.
The purpose is to showcase “the real you, by your real friends,” Poparazzi co-founder and CEO Alex Ma told Protocol.
The platform is part of a rising tide of social media apps attempting to catch Gen Z’s attention by eschewing the norms of traditional platforms like Facebook and Instagram.
And it’s working.
Nat Rubio-Licht is a Los Angeles-based news writer at Protocol.
They graduated from Syracuse University with a degree in newspaper and online journalism in May 2020.
Prior to joining the team, they worked at the Los Angeles Business Journal as a technology and aerospace reporter.
Chips are the backbone of our digital economy.
We must rebuild the American chip industry or suffer the consequences.
TikTok has moved all its US traffic to Oracle's cloud servers.
Democrats call for a universal charging standard.
SpaceX employees criticized Musk.
Then they were fired.
To give you the best possible experience, this site uses cookies.
If you continue browsing.
you accept our use of cookies.
You can review our privacy policy to find out more about the cookies we use.
