Platform.
Customers.
Blog.
About.
Careers.
Get a demo.
See what Dashmote can do for you.
Email adress.
Privacy Policy}.
Privacy Policy.
Dashmote.
This privacy statement of Dashmote B.
V.
and its group companies (hereinafter.
“Dashmote” or “we/us”) applies to the processing of personal data by Dashmote concerning its website visitors, attendees of events that Dashmote takes part in, customers, authorized users of Dashmote’s dashboard and social media authors as further addressed below (hereinafter.
“Data Subjects” or “you”).
Dashmote is a global company that provides location insights, trend insights and market intelligence powered by AI technology to businesses to drive informed business decisions.
Dashmote is headquartered in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and has offices in Austria, the United States, and China.
We are committed to protecting the privacy of our Data Subjects and processes personal data in accordance with the applicable data protection legislation, including the General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter.
“GDPR”).
Personal data.
Personal data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
We process the following data about you.
Website visitors and attendeesTechnical information about your website visit, such as IP address, interactions on our pages and browser information.
contact information, such as name, job title, email address, home and/or business telephone number.
anddata about how you interact with the messages we send you.
Technical information about your website visit, such as IP address, interactions on our pages and browser information.
contact information, such as name, job title, email address, home and/or business telephone number.
and.
data about how you interact with the messages we send you.
CustomersContact persons.
email addresses.
phone numbers.
job titles.
authorized users of our services.
Contact persons.
email addresses.
phone numbers.
job titles.
authorized users of our services.
Authorized usersAuthorized users are individuals who are authorized to use our services on behalf of our customers.
We process.
user and contact information, such as name, email address and job title.
technical information from the authorized users’ computers.
anddata about how you interact with the messages we send you.
user and contact information, such as name, email address and job title.
technical information from the authorized users’ computers.
and.
data about how you interact with the messages we send you.
Purpose and legal basis for the processing of personal data.
We process your personal data for certain purposes, described below.
We have various legal bases for the processing of your personal data.
These legal bases are typically.
consent, necessity for the performance of a contract or a legitimate interest.
Legitimate interests includes.
providing our services, web analytics, marketing and advertising, research and analysis to improve our products and services.
At all times we use and retain only the necessary data and attempt to limit the privacy impact to the extent possible.
Legitimate interest to process public data.
We may process public personal data of social media authors, outlet owners or personnel, based on our legitimate interests.
In this specific case our legitimate interest is to provide our commercial services to our customers, by allowing our customers to learn more about their brand, customers and their competitors.
This legal basis requires a balancing of the legitimate interests of Dashmote with the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the concerned data subjects.
The personal data Dashmote might process from such data subjects is all publicly available – and made available – by the concerned data subjects.
We do not collect private personal data of such data subjects.
Moreover, we do not intend to process their personal data as such.
However, for example reviews, expressions and perceptions of social media authors might – to the extent broadly based – be extremely relevant for brand owners for their overall brand strategy.
Our services explicitly do not involve or enable profiling of or targeting individuals nor result in automated decision making activities.
Ultimately, our services aim to provide our customers valuable overall location insights, trend insights and market intelligence to drive informed business decisions at a non-personal level.
We also apply appropriate measures as aggregation, anonymization and the use of algorithms to exclude personal data from the services we provide to our customers.
Dashmote is therefore convinced that the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of data subjects are not prejudiced by and do not override the legitimate interest of Dashmote in the context of its processing of personal data.
When we process your personal data on the basis of consent, you have, at any time, the right to withdraw your consent.
You can opt-out from our marketing communications by clicking the “unsubscribe button” in our communications or by contacting us (see the ‘Contact us’ section below).
Sharing with others.
We never sell of trade personal data about our website visitors, customers and/or authorized users.
In some cases we share your personal data with third parties.
Dashmote may share your personal data with.
Third parties such as our business partners, sub-contractors, service providers and suppliers.
Any company belonging to the Dashmote group.
Supervisory authorities and other bodies, to comply with our legal obligations.
Organisations we partner up with to run events, promotions and/or competitions.
Social media websites, if you direct us to do so.
and.
If you choose to be a reference to our prospects and customers, we can share your data with our prospects and customers.
We will only transfer your personal data to the above mentioned third parties for the purposes stated in this privacy statement, and only to the extent that is permitted under the applicable law and regulations, or if we are obligated to provide the personal data to a competent authority.
Third parties to who we transfer your personal data are themselves responsible for compliance with privacy legislation.
Dashmote is neither responsible nor liable for the processing of your personal data by these third parties.
It is possible that our website contains references and hyperlinks to websites of third parties.
These websites all have their own privacy policy and their own privacy statement, which we recommend that you read carefully.
Dashmote is in no way liable for the way these third parties handle your personal data or comply with the applicable data protection law.
Transfer of personal data.
Your personal data is stored in the Netherlands.
However, to be able to provide our services, it might be necessary that we transfer your personal data to other countries, whether or not a member state of the European Union, who ensure an adequate level of protection.
In such cases, we will take all measures necessary to transfer the personal data in a lawful manner to such countries.
If you want to receive more information about the adequate measures we take to safeguard the transfer of your personal data, you can send an email to .
Retention period.
We will not store your personal data longer than necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this privacy statement, unless we are required by law to do so.
We may also retain certain information for historical or statistical research purposes.
Security.
We place great importance on the security of all personal data we process.
We have taken technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to protect your personal data from unauthorized or unlawful processing and from loss, destruction, damage, alteration or disclosure.
These measures include periodically reviewing our security and privacy policies and only authorized personnel having access to the personal data on a need-to-know basis, all to ensure an appropriate level of security.
When you get the impression that your personal data is not appropriately secured, or if there are indications of misuse, please contact .
Your rights.
You, as a Data Subject located in the EU, have the following rights.
Right of access, this means you can make a request to obtain access to the personal data concerning you.
The right to rectification or correction of your personal data.
The right to erasure of the personal data concerning you.
The right to restriction of the processing.
The right to data portability, this means that you have the right to receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and that you have the right to transmit those data to another controller.
The right to object to profiling.
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
and.
The right to withdraw your consent.
You can exercise the rights listed above by submitting a request to us at or through the means listed under ‘Contact us’.
Cookies.
For information and/or questions regarding cookies, JavaScript and web beacons please refer to our cookie policy.
link.
Children’s privacy.
We are committed to protect the online privacy of children.
We will not knowingly collect any personal data from or provide our services to children below the age of 16.
Our website is also not directed at children under the age of 16.
If we learn that we have collected personal data from a child under 16 years old without parental consent, we will delete that information as soon as possible.
If you believe that we have collected personal data from a child below the age of 16, please contact us at .
Changes to this privacy statement.
We maintain the right to unilaterally change or update this privacy statement.
We will post the amended privacy statement on our website.
In case of material adjustments to this privacy statement, a clear notification will follow, for example via our website or by sending you a notification.
Your continued use of our services and website after any such changes take effect, will constitute acceptance of those changes.
If you do not accept the updates to this privacy statement, you must cancel the use of our services and website.
Contact us.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy statement and/or the processing of personal data by Dashmote, please contact us via.
Dashmote, Rokin 86 1012 KX Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
+31 (20) 894 3339.
This privacy statement was last updated on 29 August 2019.
Stop making uninformed decisions.
Start liberating the power of data with Dashmote.
Copyright © 2022 Dashmote • Privacy Policy.
