DASSAULT SYSTEMES PRIVACY POLICY.
Dassault Systèmes, the 3DEXPERIENCE Company, has always recognized data protection as an important topic for its stakeholders in the digital age and understands the responsibility that comes with the handling of personal data.
This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of Dassault Systèmes S.
E.
and its affiliates (together “3DS”) related to personal data collected, used, stored and otherwise processed.
Please be aware that some supplemental country terms may be applicable as detailed at the end of this Privacy Policy.
WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS.
This privacy policy applies to the personal data 3DS processes as a data controller, i.
e.
as the party that determines what personal data to collect online (including in connection with 3DS websites, mobile apps) or offline and to what end.
When you use a 3DS cloud offering ordered by your employer or school, the processing of your personal data is determined and administered by its own privacy statement and not by this privacy policy.
Should you have any concern about how and why your personal data is processed within this framework, please refer to your employer or school as the case may be.
In addition, 3DS only collects personal data from children, who are considered minors under the applicable data protection law, with the prior consent of their parents or guardians.
Such consent is required before a minor can create a user profile or use any 3DS products or services.
If the child is a minor they must provide an email address for their parent or guardian to receive a message from 3DS instructing them on how to provide their consent.
Schools should always ensure that they have received permission from parents or guardians to do so.
Parents or guardians can ask 3DS to review the personal data collected about their child, to remove it and terminate the child’s account or make any other request regarding their child’s personal data by submitting a request via  whether or not they gave consent to collect their child’s personal data.
If 3DS learns that it has collected personal data from a child, it will delete that information as quickly as possible unless his or her authorized representative is willing to ratify the situation.
For your convenience, hyperlinks may be posted on the 3DS websites or apps that link to other websites or apps that 3DS does not own or control.
This privacy policy is not applicable to them and 3DS has no liability for the content of third-party websites nor the personal data they collect.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA IS COLLECTED AND PROCESSED BY 3DS.
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable person.
An identifiable person is a person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to the natural person.
Depending on the purposes detailed below, personal data processed by 3DS includes.
Personal and Business contact information such as first and last name, postal address, email address, telephone number(s) and job title.
Profile information such as user ID, login and password, profile picture, university, degree, certification and courses taken.
type of organization (company, school, etc.
), organization name, organization size, department, industry and sub-industry sectors.
Transaction information details related to purchases you make, including through 3DS websites and apps, event registrations and billing data (such as credit card details, bank account information).
Operation and usage data (IP and Mac Addresses, logs, etc.
) on how you use 3DS websites, apps and services, including data from cookies as described below and through the 3DS marketing preferences Center as applicable.
In any event, the personal data processed by 3DS is limited to data necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
3DS will only process personal data from a parent or guardian of a minor child for purposes of obtaining their consent to collect the child’s personal data.
If they do not provide that consent within a reasonable period of time, 3DS will delete this personal data.
WHY YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS PROCESSED BY 3DS.
3DS will process your personal data for one or several of the following purposes.
With your Consent.
To communicate with you, including when you request information related to 3DS products and services, and more generally to manage 3DS marketing activities.
To ascertain your requirements and interests and provide you with the most suitable products and/or services.
To provide you with a personalized, interactive use of 3DS websites and apps and allow you to access all their features.
To enable you to display certain of your personal information related to your profile while exchanging ideas and other information about 3DS products and services with other users of 3DS websites and apps, including the 3DEXPERIENCE Platform.
To provide you with 3DS products or services.
To enable you to 	register for an event, seminar, webinar.
enter a contest.
Create a user profile such as the “3DEXPERIENCE ID”.
register for an event, seminar, webinar.
enter a contest.
Create a user profile such as the “3DEXPERIENCE ID”.
To enable 3DS to manage its business relationships with you, (including sales opportunities, commercial offers, purchasing, contracts, orders, invoices, which may include conversational data triggered via chat functionalities on 3DS websites and apps, contact forms, emails, and voice messaging data, delivery of 3DS products, support or professional services).
To manage your training and/or certification on 3DS products and services, which may include tracking your learning progress in order to make this information available to you.
If you attend an event organized by 3DS, you may be asked for health information for the purpose of identifying and being considerate of individuals who have disabilities, special dietary requirements as well as other additional personal data that are necessary to be processed throughout the event.
To comply with the following legitimate interests.
3DS takes into consideration and balances any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before processing your personal data for legitimate interest purposes.
Unless 3DS has your consent or is otherwise required or permitted to do so by law, 3DS will not use your personal data in situations where the impact on you outweighs its legitimate interest in processing your personal data.
To improve your experience.
To remember your settings.
To provide you with information related to marketing activities for similar goods and products if you are already using 3DS products and services.
To enable 3DS to manage its business relationships when you are acting on behalf of a 3DS prospect or customer (including sales opportunities, commercial offers, purchasing, contracts, orders, invoices, which may include conversational data triggered via chat functionalities on 3DS websites or apps, contact forms, emails, and voice messaging data, deliver of 3DS products, support or professional services).
To manage the 3DS Anti-Piracy and Compliance program.
Within this program, 3DS may combine your personal data together with additional relevant publicly available information or personal data collected through other processing activities.
To create anonymous data for analytics and for compliance, fraud prevention and safety.
To comply with law.
To manage 3DS legal obligations related to applicable export laws, trade sanctions, and embargoes issued, by the European Union and its member states, and of the United States of America and other countries, if any.
This may include (i) conducting automated checks of any user registration data  identified in this Privacy Policy and other information you provide about your identity against applicable sanctioned-party lists.
(ii) regular repetition of such checks whenever a sanctioned-party list is updated or when you update your information.
(iii) blocking of access to 3DS services and systems in case of a potential match.
and (iv) contacting you to confirm your identity in case of a potential match.
To keep your financial data with a third party payment provider.
HOW LONG YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS RETAINED.
3DS does not store your personal data for more time than necessary and only as long as required to fulfill the purposes set out above.
Retention periods may vary depending on the data categories and the processing activities.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, 3DS considers the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which 3DS processes your personal data and whether 3DS can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
where 3DS is required to comply with a legal obligation, the retention period will be determined according to the applicable law.
where you gave your consent, until you withdraw it.
where 3DS has entered into an agreement with you or your employer, as long as the agreement is into force plus the applicable local statutes of limitations.
where 3DS has a legitimate interest in using your personal data, for a limited period of time appropriate to ensure a fair processing of your personal data or until you object to 3DS’s use of your personal data.
Where your personal data is required to assert or defend against legal claims, 3DS will retain your personal data until the end of the relevant retention period or until the claims in question have been settled.
WITH WHOM 3DS SHARES YOUR PERSONAL DATA.
3DS does not rent or sell information but may share your necessary personal data for certain business purposes with the following categories of organizations.
Within 3DS group.
3DS Group is a worldwide multi-tiered organization, located in the Americas, Asia and Europe to provide you with responsive and proactive services.
In that globalized context, 3DS may need to share your personal data for example to provide you with support services.
Event or marketing sponsors.
3DS may share your personal data with trusted sponsors such as 3DS resellers with which 3DS organizes events or marketing promotions.
When you register for an event, 3DS may share your name, company, and email address with other participants and sponsors of the same event for the purpose of communication about the event and the exchange of ideas.
3DS business partners.
3DS may share your personal data with 3DS business partners such as resellers assigned to you to provide you or your employer with appropriate offers or services.
Third parties acting on 3DS behalf.
3DS may share your personal data with third party vendors, consultants and other service providers that 3DS employs to perform tasks on its behalf (such as hosting services by a third-party or payment services to enable you to purchase from 3DS products or services) or to protect 3DS’s legal interests (such as in the event of a sale of assets to a third company, or a change of control or a total or partial liquidation of 3DS).
Law enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, 3DS may also disclose your personal data if required by law or if 3DS believes in good faith that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process (for example, a warrant, a subpoena, or other court order) or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of 3DS, 3DS’s customers, or the public.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS.
When accessing a 3DS website or app, please note that through your continued use of it, if you are located in a different country than the 3DS website or app, you consent to the transfer of your personal data to a country outside of your own.
As part of a worldwide multi-tiered organization, 3DS may transfer your personal data from Europe (or a country that is considered as offering an adequate level of protection as adopted by the European Commission on the basis of Article 45 of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR)) to another country.
This can for example happen when 3DS provides you with training, support services or cloud offerings.
3DS continually monitors the circumstances surrounding any transfer in order to ensure that these transfers maintain, in practice, a level of protection that is essentially equivalent to the one guaranteed by the GDPR and relies on the Standard Contractual Clauses issued by the European Commission in the absence of an adequacy designation.
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS.
Depending on the applicable data protection laws, you may have some or all of the following rights with regard to your personal data.
access your personal data.
request the rectification, completion, update or erasure of your personal data.
restrict processing.
obtain a copy of your personal data stored by 3DS.
object to specific processing of your personal data if that processing is based on legitimate interests.
and.
data portability.
If the processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you have a right to withdraw that consent at any time.
If you have an account, you can exercise your rights by logging on to your account.
Otherwise, you may exercise your rights by submitting your request here.
Parents can exercise these rights if allowed by applicable law on behalf of their minor children by this same method.
Depending on the scope of the request, and if permitted under applicable law, 3DS may charge a reasonable fee to cover costs incurred in connection with such request.
3DS may deny access to your personal data in limited circumstances in accordance with applicable laws and regulations or if 3DS’ legal grounds override your legitimate interest to privacy.
DATA SECURITY.
3DS maintains appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction during transmission and once in its possession.
However, while 3DS strives to protect your personal data, in light of the inevitable risks linked to the Internet, 3DS cannot guarantee full protection against any leak.
It is important for you to exercise caution to prevent unauthorized access to your personal data.
You are responsible for the confidentiality of your password and information appearing on your account.
Consequently, you must ensure that you log out of your session in the event of shared use of a computer.
COOKIES.
In order to improve your browsing experience on 3DS websites and apps, 3DS uses cookies or other similar technologies that may process your personal data.
Depending on the website or app, 3DS uses different types of cookies.
Strictly necessary cookies are always used, are essential for you to properly browse the 3DS website or app and cannot be switched off.
For example, they allow you to save your personalization settings (choice of language, presentation of a service, saving your shopping cart).
Functional cookies are used in order to improve the performance of the 3DS websites and apps, to provide you with optimized features and a more personal experience by collecting information when you visit a 3DS website or app.
Some of them, that are solely performance cookies, collect aggregated information that are therefore anonymous.
Advertising cookies are implemented by 3DS or third parties, in order to build a profile of your interests, to provide you with personalized and targeted content.
They do not store personal information directly, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device.
To see the list of cookies used by 3DS and their purpose, click here.
You can remove or reject functional and advertising cookies.
However, if you do not accept certain cookies, some functionalities and features of the sites and apps may not function properly and you may experience some inconvenience in their use.
You can set your cookie preferences at any time by clicking "Manage my cookies preferences" link in the footer of the website.
CONTACT - DISPUTE RESOLUTION.
3DS is committed to ensuring the privacy of personal data.
You can contact the 3DS Data Protection Officer via the following form.
if.
you have any questions about this Privacy Policy.
you encounter any issue when having access to your personal data or related to your rights as described above.
you believe that 3DS is not complying with the GDPR or the applicable local data protection laws.
you have a reason to believe that the security of your personal data has been compromised or misused.
When you want to report a claim by lodging a complaint to the 3DS Global Data Protection Officer, you will need to send a letter to the address mentioned at the end of this Policy or submit your claim using the form referenced above containing (in addition to the information required by the form and depending on the type of rights) the name or reference of the concerned processing and any additional information as reasonably requested by the 3DS Global Data Protection Officer.
If your usual place of residence is in European Union, Lichtenstein, Norway or Iceland, you have a right to file a complaint with your local data protection authority.
DATE OF ENTRY INTO FORCE OF THE PRIVACY STATEMENT AND CHANGES TO IT.
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time in accordance with 3DS requirements and circumstances, or where required by applicable laws and regulations so please check back periodically for updates.
If major changes occur to this Privacy Policy, 3DS may inform you via email or by posting a notice on 3DS websites or apps.
Last modification.
March 29, 2021.
ADDITIONAL PRIVACY NOTICES FOR CERTAIN GEOGRAPHIES.
Depending on where you are living, some additional terms as detailed below may be applicable to you.
Where the Privacy Policy refers to “personal data”, it shall be interpreted, as applicable, to mean “personal information” as defined by the applicable data protection law.
AUSTRALIA - PRIVACY NOTICE FOR PERSONAL INFORMATION GOVERNED BY THE AUSTRALIAN LAW.
All payments made in connection with the 3DS website or app are processed through a third party payment service provider to which 3DS or you provide necessary personal data to enable you to purchase 3DS products or services.
These payment service providers may share your personal data with other services providers (such as verification service, web posting, data analytics) to perform the services in connection with completing a transaction including the processing of payments.
3DS authorizes such payment service provider and related service providers to use and disclose your personal data as long as necessary to perform the foregoing services provided they comply with legal requirements.
With regard to your rights or any concern you may have related to your personal data, you may either contact 3DS by filling in this form  or contacting.
Dassault Systèmes Australia Data Protection Office – Legal Department15 William StreetLevel 10-25, Melbourne 3000.
CHINA - PRIVACY NOTICE FOR PERSONAL INFORMATION GOVERNED BY THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA LAW.
3DS may collect the following categories of personal information under the circumstances as below.
Registration.
You may register an account through 3DS websites and other apps and 3DS will collect your personal and business contact information.
Purchase of 3DS  products and services.
Transaction information details related to your purchases may be collected by 3DS to perform the deal.
Use of 3DS products or services.
When you request for or use 3DS products or services, 3DS will collect your profile information and other specific information depending on the needs of such products or services to be provided by 3DS.
Feedback.
You may submit feedback in a survey or interact with 3DS through 3DS websites and other apps, where 3DS may collect such information from you.
Cookies.
3DS will collect your operation and usage data through cookies when you visit 3DS websites and other apps, in particular in order to review your network environment and constantly improve the 3DS service to make it more user-friendly.
Sensitive Personal Information.
Sensitive personal information means personal information the divulgence, illegal provision or misuse of which may endanger the bodily or property safety or may result in damage to personal reputation or bodily or mental injury or discrimination, which may be composed of information concerning race, religion, political position, personal property, personal health and physiological information, personal identity and network identifier information.
In this Privacy Policy, personal sensitive information collected or processed are summarized as below for your attention.
Financial personal information (credit card number and expiry date, name and address of the cardholder).
Conversational information triggered via chat functionalities on 3DS sites or apps (contact forms, emails, and voice messaging data).
Health information (for the sole purpose of identifying and being considerate of individuals who have disabilities or special dietary requirements throughout events to which you attend).
Marketing Communications.
If you accept to receive marketing communications and other relevant information from 3DS, 3DS will send you this commercial information, as well as recommendation of contents that you may be interested in via SMS, email or phone.
You can unsubscribe from receiving such marketing materials with the help of customer service, or through the instructions in the SMS and email.
International Data Transfers.
Your Personal Information will be stored on servers in China and France.
As part of a worldwide multi-tiered organization, 3DS may share your personal information outside China, for example, with other 3DS affiliates and with 3DS suppliers or business partners, to support the products and services provided to you or the organization you are working for.
3DS will comply with the Chinese Regulations for such transfer, including taking reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your personal information in accordance with the Chinese Regulations.
What Are Your Rights And Choices.
Withdraw your consent.
certain basic personal information may be required by 3DS to provide you with products or services.
For personal information , which is not necessary, you may withdraw your consent at any time.
Delete your account.
You may ask for the deletion of your account at any time, and 3DS will process your request as soon as practicable after verifying your identity and related authorization.
File a complaint.
You can address a request to 3DS if you have any concern related to the processing of your personal information.
With regard to your rights as mentioned above, you may either contact 3DS by filling in this form  or contacting.
Dassault Systèmes (Shanghai) Information Technology Co.
, Ltd.
, Personal Information Inquiries Unit 1701-04, 17F, Foxconn Building, No.
1366 Lujiazui Ring Road, China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone, 200120 Shanghai,Phone number +86-21-3856-8000 (main line).
3DS will provide you with a response to your request without undue delay and in any event within a maximum period of fifteen (15) days of receipt of a complete request.
JAPAN - PRIVACY NOTICE FOR PERSONAL INFORMATION GOVERNED BY JAPANESE LAW.
Where the Privacy Policy refers to “Personal Data” it shall be interpreted to mean “Personal Information” as defined in Act on Protection of Personal Information of Japan (“APPI”) but only for personal information subject to APPI.
Additional Information Related To Your Personal Information Processed By 3DS.
Names of the Companies processing your Personal Information.
The following 3DS companies will process your Personal Information for the purposes listed in this Privacy Policy.
Dassault Systèmes S.
E.
(Address.
10, rue Marcel Dassault, 78140 Vélizy-Villacoublay, France, Chief Executive Officer.
Bernard Charles) and its affiliates ( Systemes K.
K.
(Address.
ThinkPark Tower, 2-1-1, Osaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo, Japan, Representative Director.
Phillippe Godbout).
Items regarding joint use of your Personal Information.
Your Personal Information may be shared with 3DS affiliates and third parties (including, the organizations involved with the events as mentioned in the applicable registration page and partners ( &  that are contributing to the performance of one or several purposes listed in the Privacy Policy.
Your Personal Information will be shared according to a secured process such as 3DDrive or other file transfer method.
The items regarding joint use are as follows.
- Personal Information jointly used.
Personal Information as described in “WHAT PERSONAL DATA IS COLLECTED AND PROCESSED BY 3DS” above.
-Entities with whom Personal Information may be jointly used.
Entities as described in “WITH WHOM 3DS SHARES YOUR PERSONAL DATA” above.
-Purposes of joint use of Personal Information.
Purposes of use as described in “WHY YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS PROCESSED BY 3DS.
” or for the organizations involved with the events, purposes of use as described in the registration page.
-Name, address and representative of the company responsible for management of Personal Information jointly used in Japan.
Dassault Systemes K.
K.
(Address.
ThinkPark Tower, 2-1-1, Osaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo, Japan, Representative Director.
Phillippe Godbout).
Your rights.
With regard to your rights to request disclosure of purpose of use, correction, addition, deletion, suspension of use/erasure, stop of third party provision regarding Personal Information held, you may either contact 3DS Global Data Protection Office by filling in this form  or contact the following Personal Information Inquiries.
Dassault Systèmes K.
K.
Personal Information InquiriesThinkPark Tower, 2-1-1 Osaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo, Japan.
Representative Director.
Philippe GodboutPhone number 03-4321-3500 (main number).
With regard to your Retained Personal Information (as defined in APPI), for notification of purpose of use or request for disclosure of Retained Personal Information, we may charge JPY 800 per request.
RUSSIA - PRIVACY NOTICE FOR PERSONAL INFORMATION GOVERNED BY RUSSIAN LAW.
Processing and Sharing of Your Personal Data.
3DS is the operator (as defined in Federal Law No.
152-FZ “On Personal Data” of 27 July 2006) of your personal data under this Privacy Policy.
You hereby expressly consent to 3DS instructing third parties listed in this privacy policy to process your personal data for the purposes provided for in this privacy policy.
3DS will be responsible for the processing of your personal data by such third parties.
Processing of Health Information.
If you attend an event organized by 3DS, and you are asked for health information for the purpose of identifying and being considerate of individuals who have disabilities, special dietary requirements, 3DS will only process such health information upon your separate consent in a written form.
International Data Transfers and Localization of Personal Data.
If you are a Russian Federation resident, 3DS will provide recording, systematization, accumulation, storage, adjustment (update, modification), and extraction of your personal data with the use of databases located in the territory of the Russian Federation.
3DS may transfer your personal data to another country and subsequently store your personal data on additional databases.
3DS may also transfer your personal data to a country that, under the applicable data protection laws, does not provide for the adequate level of protection of data subject’s rights.
You hereby expressly consent to such transfer for the purposes of performing 3DS’s obligations under this Privacy Policy.
What Are Your Rights.
With regard to your rights or any concern you may have related to your personal data, you may either contact 3DS by filling in this form  or contacting.
Dassault Systèmes LLCYartsevskaya str.
19, office СLVII, Moscow 121552, Russian Federation.
USA - PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS.
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) applicable to California residents, you are entitled to benefit from the following additional provisions regarding your personal information.
What are the Categories of Personal Information Collected.
The categories of personal information 3DS collects about California residents are identifiers (e.
g.
name, address, email, phone number, job title, and transactional information), and internet or other electronic network activity information (e.
g.
usage information, IP and MAC address, cookie information, and customer feedback).
What Are Your Rights And Choices.
You have the right to request that 3DS discloses to you certain information about 3DS’ collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months.
That information includes.
The categories of personal information 3DS collected about you.
The categories of sources from which 3DS collected your personal information.
3DS’ business or commercial purpose for collecting, or sharing your personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom 3DS shares your personal information, if any.
A copy of your personal information and a list of recipients, as applicable.
To exercise the rights described in the Privacy Policy you can call 3DS toll free (in the US only) at (888) 337-0030 or submit the request using the following form.
.
Only you, or a person, or a business entity registered with the California Secretary of State to conduct business in California that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a request related to your Personal Information.
The request must provide enough information to allow 3DS to 1) reasonably verify you are the person about whom 3DS collected Personal Information or an authorized representative and 2) enable 3DS to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
Making such a request does not require you to create an account with us.
3DS will only use personal information provided in a request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Non-Discrimination.
3DS will not discriminate against you (for example by denying you products or services, charging you a higher price or giving you a different level or quality of service) for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
Contact Information.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, the ways in which 3DS collects and processes your personal information, your privacy choices and rights under California law or wish to exercise your privacy rights, please do not hesitate to contact 3DS at.
Phone.
(888) 337-0030 (toll free in the US only)Postal Address.
Dassault Systèmes Americas Corp.
Attn.
Americas Data Protection Officer175 Wyman Street Waltham, MA 02451Or by contacting the 3DS Data Protection Officer via the following form.
.
Dassault Systèmes Headquarters.
10, Rue Marcel Dassault78140 Vélizy-VillacoublayFRANCE.
