IOT PlatformDATOMS IoT PlatformSolutions For Industrial & OEMs.
DATOMS IoT Platform.
Solutions For Industrial & OEMs.
Asset MonitoringDG MonitoringFuel Management SystemCell Tower MonitoringView Hardware Models & Specifications.
DG Monitoring.
Fuel Management System.
Cell Tower Monitoring.
View Hardware Models & Specifications.
Partners.
ResourcesBlogsCase Studies.
Blogs.
Case Studies.
CompanyAbout UsCareersOur StoryClientsContact Us.
About Us.
Careers.
Our Story.
Clients.
Contact Us.
DATOMS LOGIN.
IOT PlatformDATOMS IoT PlatformSolutions For Industrial & OEMs.
DATOMS IoT Platform.
Solutions For Industrial & OEMs.
Asset MonitoringDG MonitoringFuel Management SystemCell Tower MonitoringView Hardware Models & Specifications.
DG Monitoring.
Fuel Management System.
Cell Tower Monitoring.
View Hardware Models & Specifications.
Partners.
ResourcesBlogsCase Studies.
Blogs.
Case Studies.
CompanyAbout UsCareersOur StoryClientsContact Us.
About Us.
Careers.
Our Story.
Clients.
Contact Us.
DATOMS LOGIN.
Privacy Policy .
Purpose.
The purpose of the DATOMS Privacy Policy is to notify users of the practices regarding the collection, use, sharing, choices, security, and correction options around information collected or maintained about them.
It also governs the manner in which DATOMS collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the DATOMS website (“Site”), Web & Mobile Applications.
This privacy policy applies to the users of our website and all products & services offered by DATOMS.
“DATOMS” is a brand owned and operated by Phoenix Robotix Private Ltd.
Policy.
We respect your privacy & we fully comply with GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation).
Notice.
Phoenix Robotix Pvt.
Ltd.
is the sole owner of the information collected on the DATOMS Website or through any DATOMS Services.
We only collect information that you voluntarily share via this website, email, or another direct contact.
We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you based on the reason you contacted us.
We only share your information with authorized business partners as it relates to processes related to your request.
We may contact you for Product promotion-related messaging.
you have the ability to request to not receive these communications.
Consent.
We will not voluntarily share your information with a third party without prior authorization, except.
With an affiliate or agent of DATOMS,.
With the written authorization,.
To enforce our privacy policy, to comply with law, regulation, or other legal processes or to protect the rights, property or safety of us or others,.
With a regulator or law enforcement agency or personnel,.
In emergency situations,.
To protect against misuse or unauthorized use of this Website or the DATOMS Service,.
To detect or prevent criminal activity or fraud, or.
In the event that we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by one or more third parties as a result of an acquisition, merger, sale, reorganization, consolidation, or liquidation, in which case information may be one of the transferred assets.
We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined in the disclosure below.
Security.
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over an SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Our Site is also in compliance with the ISO-27001 Security standards in order to create as secure an environment as possible for Users.
Access.
You may opt out of communication with us at any time.
You can contact us via email, phone, or other methods to.
Find out what data we maintain about you if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Find out what data we maintain about you if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Find out what data we maintain about you if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Find out what data we maintain about you if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Accountability.
DATOMS has appointed a Security Officer who is responsible for the protection of information.
DATOMS is committed to resolving any complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding this policy, please contact us via email, phone, or other methods.
DATOMS fully complies with Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important.
For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Cookies.
We collect information about you and your use of this Website through the use of cookies.
Cookies are small files that a website can store on your computer’s hard drive for record-keeping or other administrative purposes.
If you are concerned about the use of cookies, you can choose to enable a feature in your browser software that will erase cookies, block all cookies, or warn the user before cookies are stored or exchanged.
If you reject cookies, you will only be able to view the site.
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non-personal identification information about you or others who use your computer.
This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Links.
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties.
We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to these links.
In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing.
These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies.
Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites that have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
We do not endorse and are not responsible for the operation or content of these websites.
Please consult the privacy policy for each website you visit.
Updates.
We may modify, alter, or update our privacy policy at any time, so we encourage you to review our privacy policy frequently to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.
You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
We will not provide individual notice to you of changes to our privacy policy, but when we make updates to our privacy policy, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page and send you an email.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately by phone or email.
Disclosure.
Information is collected by DATOMS, like.
Personal Identification Information.
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.
Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, phone number.
Users’ IP information may also be collected on logging in.
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us.
Users can always refuse to supply personal identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-Personal Identification InformationWe may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site.
Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site & Services, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
DATOMS may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes.
To improve customer serviceThe information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experienceWe may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our SiteWe may use the feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To process paymentsWe may use the information Users provide about them when placing an order only to provide service to that order.
We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site featureTo send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emailsWe may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order.
It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or the User may contact us via our Site.
Your Acceptance of these Terms.
By using this Site and/or any of the products/services offered by Datoms, you signify your acceptance of this policy.
If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site, Product or Services.
Your continued use of the Site, Product or Services following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting Us.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at.
DATOMSTIIR Cell, NIT Rourkela, Odisha – 769008Phone.
+91 – 70777 11155Email.
.
*Our Privacy Policy was last updated on 8th January 2022.
Contact Us.
Email.
.
Phone.
+91-97779 06076.
Our LocationsIndia | Singapore | Italy.
Resources.
Case Studies.
Videos.
About Us.
Careers.
Become Partner.
Legal.
Privacy Policy.
Copyright.
Terms of Services.
Cookie Use Policy.
Follow Us.
DATOMS © 2021 All rights reserved.
Explore Infinite Possibilities for Your Business.
Talk to Us.
