Welcome to   (this “Website”).
This Website is owned and operated by dDriven Solutions Pte Ltd.
, (collectively “dDriven,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) to provide information about, among other things, our company, services and contact details.
The terms “you,” “your,” and “yours” refer to anyone accessing, viewing, browsing, visiting or using this Website.
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS.
The following agreement outlines your obligations when using the dDriven website available at   or any other website of dDriven or its subsidiaries (collectively, “dDriven”), (each a “Site”).
The Site is owned and operated by dDriven, and is accessed by you under the terms of use described below (“Terms of Use”).
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT ON THE SITE.
BY ACCESSING THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT ON THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO BECOME BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, THEN YOU MAY NOT ACCESS THE SITE OR USE THE CONTENT OR ANY SERVICES IN THE SITE.
DDRIVEN’S ACCEPTANCE IS EXPRESSLY CONDITIONED UPON YOUR ASSENT TO ALL OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, TO THE EXCLUSION OF ALL OTHER TERMS.
IF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ARE CONSIDERED AN OFFER BY DDRIVEN, ACCEPTANCE IS EXPRESSLY LIMITED TO THESE TERMS.
MODIFICATIONS OF TERMS OF USE.
dDriven reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace the Terms of Use at any time.
If the alterations constitute a material change to the Terms of Use, dDriven will notify you by posting an announcement on the Site.
What constitutes a “material change” will be determined at dDriven’s sole discretion, in good faith and using common sense and reasonable judgment.
You are responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications.
Use of the Site by you following such notification constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Terms of Use as modified.
OWNERSHIP OF CONTENT.
This Site is owned and operated by dDriven, a company registered in Singapore.
All of the content featured or displayed on this Site, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, photographs, images, moving images, sound, illustrations and software (“Content”), is owned by dDriven, its licensors and/or its content providers.
All elements of the Site including, but not limited to, the general design and the Content, are protected by trade dress, copyright, moral rights, trademark and other laws relating to intellectual property rights.
Except as explicitly permitted under this or another agreement with the dDriven, no portion or element of the Site or its Content may be copied or retransmitted via any means and the Site, its Content and all related rights shall remain the exclusive property of the relevant member of the dDriven or its licensors unless otherwise expressly agreed.
DISCLAIMER.
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only.
The information is provided by dDriven  Solutions Pte Ltd.
and while we  endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose.
Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly.
However, dDriven Solutions Pte Ltd.
takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
In no event shall dDriven or its affiliates, employees, customers, vendors or licensors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages that result from the use of or inability to use this website or the content including, but not limited to, reliance by a user on any information obtained at this website.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES.
This Website may provide links to third-party websites or resources and contain third-party advertisements.
We have no control over such websites and resources and you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the availability of such websites or resources, and do not endorse and are not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such websites or resources.
You further acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or inability to use (i) any sites or resources that this Website provides links to or that provide links to this Website, or (ii) any content, goods, or services available on or through any such sites or resources.
We take no responsibility for third party advertisements which are posted on this Website, nor do we take any responsibility for the goods or services provided by its advertisers.
Your dealings with, or participation in promotions of, any third-party advertisers or providers of goods or services found on or through this Website and any terms, conditions, warranties, or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such third-party advertiser or provider.
INDEMNITY.
You will indemnify and hold harmless dDriven, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, customers, vendors, officers and employees from any liability, damage or cost (including reasonable attorneys.
fees and cost) from (i) any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of your access to or use of the Site or any content on the Site, violation of the Terms of Use by you, or the infringement by you of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.
USE OF SOFTWARE.
To the extent that dDriven provides for the download of dDriven’s software from the Site and any information or documentation related thereto (collectively “Software”), such Software is protected by the applicable copyright, patent or other intellectual property rights of either dDriven or the third-party licensor.
Any use of the Software is subject to the terms of the applicable end-user or other license terms contained in the files for such Software.
You are permitted to use the Software for your personal, non-commercial use or legitimate internal business purposes related to your role as a contractor of dDriven, partner of dDriven, or current or prospective customer of dDriven.
As between the parties, dDriven solely shall own and hereby retains all rights, title and interest in and to the Software (including, without limitation, all patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret and other intellectual or industrial property rights embodied in the Software).
You shall not reverse engineer or attempt to discover any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of any Software (except to the extent that applicable law expressly prohibits such a reverse engineering restriction or to the extent the specific Software was provided in source code form by dDriven).
TRADEMARKS.
The dDriven name and logo, the names and logos of other companies belonging to the dDriven, and all related product and service names, design marks and slogans are trademarks, service marks or registered trademarks belonging to the dDriven and may not be used in any manner without the prior written consent of the dDriven.
All other product and service marks, design marks, slogan are trademarks of their respective owners (Licensors).
You may not use, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, or modify any of the Trademarks in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on the Site, without dDriven’s or Licensors prior written consent according to each particular case.
The use of Trademarks on any other website or network computer environment, for example the storage or reproduction of (a part of) the Site in any external internet site or the creation of links, hypertext, links or deep links between the Site and any other internet site, is prohibited without the express written consent of the dDriven.
COPYRIGHT.
Copyright Notice.
Copyright 2020 dDriven Solutions Pte Ltd.
All rights reserved.
Permission to copy and distribute all documents and related graphics from this World Wide Web (WWW) server is granted subject to the following.
1.
The materials provided herein are for internal, non-commercial use only, and  2.
Any copies of documents contained within this server or portions thereof must include the above copyright notice.
Each document published by dDriven on this server may contain other proprietary notices or describe products, services, processes or technologies owned by the dDriven or third parties.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as granting to the user a license under any copyright, trademark, patent or other intellectual property right of the dDriven or any third party.
You may not modify any of the materials and you may not copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any Content.
Except as authorized under the law relating to copyright, you may not reuse any Content without first obtaining the consent of the dDriven.
For purposes of these terms, the use of any such material on any other website or networked computer environment is prohibited.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS.
We use reasonable security measures and take reasonable system, process and administrative precautions to protect the security and integrity of email and other electronic communications that you may send to us.
Despite all these precautions, no method of transmission over the Internet is entirely secure and we cannot guarantee the confidentiality or security of the electronic communications or its contents.
You transmit such information at your own risk and you should decide very carefully which information you want to send us via any electronic communication.
SECURITY.
Users are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the site.
dDriven will investigate occurrences of possible violations and will cooperate with all applicable law enforcement authorities in prosecuting violators.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The Terms of Use constitutes the entire agreement between users of the Site and dDriven, and regarding the subject matter hereof.
If you breach any term of the Terms of Use, dDriven may pursue any legal or equitable remedy available, including, but not limited to, direct, consequential, and punitive damages and injunctive relief.
dDriven’s remedies are cumulative and not exclusive.
Failure of dDriven to exercise any remedy or enforce any portion of the Terms of Use at any time shall not operate as a waiver of any remedy or of the right to enforce any portion of the Agreement at any time thereafter.
Users of this Site are responsible for compliance with all applicable regulations and laws.
Any dispute arising out of the Terms of Use shall be governed by the laws of Singapore, notwithstanding any conflicts of law principles.
Any action relating to the Terms of Use must be filed and maintained in a court in Singapore, and users consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts for such purpose.
PRIVACY AND SECURITY  WEBSITE PRIVACY.
This privacy policy sets out how dDriven uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website.
dDriven is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
dDriven may change this policy from time to time by updating this page.
You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
WHAT WE COLLECT.
We collect several types of information for our business operations, including but not limited to.
Information you provide to us.
When you navigate our websites or contact us, we may request or you may choose to provide us with certain information.
This may include information by which you may be personally identified (“personal information”), such as name, employer, e-mail address or telephone number, and records and copies of your correspondence with us.
For security purposes, we may also collect personal information from you if you visit one of our offices.
Information collected from forms on our websites.
This includes information provided at the time of registering to use portions of our websites, posting material, or requesting further services.
We may ask you for information when you report a problem with our websites, products or services.
Usage details, IP addresses and cookies.
As you navigate through and interact with our websites, we may automatically collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns using common internet technologies, such as cookies and Web beacons.
This may include details of your visits to our websites, including information about your connectivity, such as your IP address and browser information, location data, logs and other communication data, and the resources that you access and use on the websites.
This information helps us to improve our websites and to deliver better and more personalized content and services by enabling us to estimate our audience size and usage patterns and recognize you when you return to our websites.
General business-related information.
We may also receive other personal information from or about you in the ordinary course of our business.
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER.
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including personal information.
To present our websites, products and services to you and continuously improve upon them.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To notify you about changes to our website, products or services (including new offerings) and promotions or events.
To maintain the integrity and security of our websites, products, and services.
For our ordinary business operations, including human resources, recruiting, and business research and outreach.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION.
Protecting your personal information is important to us and we neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone.
We may disclose or transfer personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this Privacy and Security Statement, including.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of dDriven’s assets, in which personal information held by dDriven about our websites’ users is among the assets transferred.
To our subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business or collaborate with and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes of providing services for or with us.
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements that govern the sale or use of our products and services.
To protect the rights, property or security of dDriven, our employees, our users or others.
Except as set forth in this statement, we will not share your personal information with third parties without your consent.
ONWARD TRANSFER OF YOUR INFORMATION.
To facilitate our global operations, and in accordance with applicable laws, we may transfer your personal information to, and access your personal information from, our corporate offices, subsidiaries, and affiliates in the various countries in which we operate, including the United States.
We will take appropriate measures to protect the personal information we transfer.
CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION.
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us.
Here are a couple of ways you can have control over your information.
Tracking Technologies and Advertising.
Depending on your browser, you may be able to change settings to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of the site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
DATA INTEGRITY AND PROPORTIONALITY.
We only collect and retain as much personal information as needed for specific, identified purposes described in this Privacy and Security Policy and we will not use it in any way that is incompatible with those purposes.
SECURITY.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure.
In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
HOW WE USE COOKIES.
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive.
Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site.
Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual.
The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used.
This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs.
We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not.
A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITE.
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest.
However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website.
Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the address given below.
We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
If there is any question regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
​dDriven Solutions Pte Ltd – Singapore  10-08 Paya Lebar Square,60 Paya Lebar Rd,  Singapore 409051  Website.
Tel.
+65 63853602  Email.
.
Connect with Us.
Stay in the know with the latest information about dDriven services, events, news and best practices by email.
Locations.
Singapore.
India.
South Korea.
Japan.
Connect with dDriven.
