Sign In.
Buy Online or Call 1-800-WWW-DELL.
Shop.
Support.
Community.
Legal & Regulatory Compliance.
Policies.
Privacy.
Privacy.
Privacy Statement Regarding Customer and Online User Information.
Print.
Check out this page on Dell.
com.
Email.
Dell U.
S.
Privacy Statement.
Overview of Our Privacy Practice.
Information We Collect About You.
We collect your personal information directly from you through your interactions, use, and experiences with our websites, products and services.
We also obtain your information indirectly from our Business Partners and other third-party sources.
“Business Partner” means any third party with whom we have a business relationship to assist us with.
providing you with our products or services, processing your payments, tailoring content to your interests, sending you information or offers or performing other functions to support our relationship with you.
How We Use And Share Your Information.
Providing you with our products and services and enhancing the quality of your customer support.
Tailoring your customer experience.
For example by making product or service recommendations to you.
Improving our products and services.
Complying with applicable laws.
Improving the safety and security of our website, products and services.
For example by detecting, preventing, investigating and responding to risks that could harm you or Dell.
Our Use Of Cookies And Other Technologies.
When you interact with Dell’s websites, online services, interactive applications, email messages or advertisements, we may use cookies and similar technologies to help us tailor your experience, better understand your preferences, tell us which parts of our websites you have visited, facilitate and measure the effectiveness of our interest-based advertisements and web searches.
We also use web beacons to help deliver cookies and gather data about our site performance and user journeys to and on our website.
For Small Business users accessing MyDell Mobile, Dell uses Google Workspace to facilitate application delivery.
Google Workspace allows Dell to collect the business name, domains associated with the business, and the name and email address of its employees.
This information is used to populate the organization’s profile and facilitates specific users’ experiences within the application.
Your Consumer Privacy Rights.
You can exercise your privacy rights under applicable privacy laws (such as the California Consumer Privacy Act) concerning your personal information by emailing or visiting our Data Subject Request (“DSR”) web portal if you have a registered Dell MyAccount.
California Residents – Data Categories.
California residents can learn more about the categories of personal information we collect about you, and how we share it with our Business Partners here.
Please note that we do not “sell” your personal information to any Business Partners as defined under applicable privacy laws.
For example, the California Consumer Protection Act.
Your Marketing Choices.
You can make choices about how Dell reaches you with marketing offers or utilizes interest based advertising, as well as customizing your general communication preferences.
Contact Us.
For other privacy questions, issues, concerns or complaints, please email us at or write to us at.
Changes To This Privacy Statement.
We may make changes to this Privacy Statement from time to time.
If there are material changes to the Privacy Statement, we will revise the “last updated” date at the bottom of this statement.
We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Statement to learn how Dell is protecting your personal information.
Information We Collect About You.
How you use or visit our websites, accounts with Dell or applications.
How you use our services and products and interact with us.
Contact, billing and other information you provide.
Improving and developing our products and services.
Personalizing and recommending our products and services.
Advertising and marketing to you, including sending promotional communications, targeting advertising and presenting you with relevant offers.
Data brokers from which we purchase demographic data to supplement the information we collected about you.
Communication services, including email providers and social networks, when you give permission to access your information on such third-party services or networks.
Partners with which we offer co-branded products or services, or engage in joint-marketing activities.
Publicly available sources such as open government databases.
Contact details such as your name, email address, mailing address and telephone numbers.
Employment information such as your job title and other business or company information.
Credentials such as your passwords, password hints and similar security information used for authentication and MyAccount access.
Demographic information such as your age, gender, country, interests and preferences.
Web form information you provide in our web forms (forms you choose to complete will indicate whether the data requested is mandatory or voluntary).
Payment information to process payments, such as a credit card number and associated security code.
Account history information related to products or services you purchase and activities associated with your account.
Cookie and tracking information such as IP address, device identifier, location data, browser type and language, access times, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL), other unique identifiers and technical data that may uniquely identify your device, system or browser.
Browser history information about the websites you visit.
Error reports and performance information of the products and any problems you experience, including error reports.
Troubleshooting and help information when you contact Dell to make a purchase or for technical support or customer support services, phone conversations or chat sessions with our representatives which may be monitored and recorded.
Content consumption information about media content (e.
g.
T.
V.
, apps and games) you access through our products.
Feedback and rating information you provide to us such as customer survey feedback and product reviews you write.
COVID-19 health and vaccination status and thermal temperature readings (as permitted by applicable law or in compliance with applicable public health directives).
Workspace location information.
How We Use And Share Your Information.
Create, deliver and maintain our products and services.
Establish and maintain your account.
Measure credit and payment risk.
Provide account related services and information.
Help you with customer service and technical support issues or questions.
Help us improve and personalize our products and services.
Provide you with marketing and promotional communications and deliver targeted and relevant advertising and relevant offers to you, which includes making better predictions about content and marketing offers that may interest you.
Authenticate your identity.
Detect and prevent fraud.
Manage and protect our networks, services and customers.
Meet our legal obligations and conduct research.
Promote the overall health and safety of the workplace, including to help reduce the risk of COVID-19 infections at Dell premises.
Book desk reservations at Dell premises.
COVID-19 Health Survey Tools, Thermal Vision Camera and COVID Self-Reporting.
your first and last name.
specimen collection and negative test result dates.
the entity issuing the COVID-19 negative test result.
Your Consumer Privacy Rights.
Right to Know.
you may have the right to request information about the personal information we have collected about you and for what purpose.
Right to Access.
you may have the right to request information about how we process your personal information and to obtain a copy of that personal information.
Right to Portability.
you may have the right to receive your personal information, in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to have that information transmitted to another organization in certain circumstances.
Right to Deletion.
you may have the right to request the deletion of your personal information that we have collected from you.
Right to Be Free from Discrimination.
Dell will not discriminate against you for exercising your consumer privacy rights.
Submitting Access Or Deletion Requests.
Sending a written request via email to .
Visiting our Data Subject Request (“DSR”) web portal if you have a registered Dell MyAccount.
or.
Writing to us at.
Your Marketing Choices.
Click “unsubscribe” in any email marketing communications we send you.
Go to your MyAccount or visit our Preference Management Center to select your marketing communication choices.
Go to our List Removal Page to be removed from receiving marketing-related communications.
How We Secure Your Information.
Using encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive information, such as credit card details.
Designing our data security safeguards to ensure the ongoing security, integrity, availability and resilience of processing systems and services.
Limiting physical access to our premises.
Limiting access to the information we collect about you.
Ensuring that our Business Partners have appropriate safeguards in place to help protect your personal information.
As required by law, destroying or de-identifying personal information.
Collection And Use Of Children's Information.
Links To Third-Party Websites And Services.
Contact Us.
Do more with DellEmployee and Student DiscountsPartner ProgramDell OutletMake a Payment.
Employee and Student Discounts.
Partner Program.
Dell Outlet.
Make a Payment.
Company InformationInvestorsAbout Dell TechnologiesSocial ImpactAnti-Slavery & Human TraffickingCustomer EngagementCareersDell NewsroomDell Technologies.
Investors.
About Dell Technologies.
Social Impact.
Anti-Slavery & Human Trafficking.
Customer Engagement.
Careers.
Dell Newsroom.
Dell Technologies.
LegalCookies, Ads & EmailsPrivacy StatementLegal & RegulatoryTerms of SaleTrademarks.
Cookies, Ads & Emails.
Privacy Statement.
Legal & Regulatory.
Terms of Sale.
Trademarks.
CommunityThe Dell CommunityRead Our BlogEvents.
The Dell Community.
Read Our Blog.
Events.
Copyright © 2022 Dell Inc.
Terms of Sale.
Privacy.
Cookies, Ads & Emails.
Accessibility.
Product Recycling.
Contact.
Site Map.
