Viewing offline content.
Limited functionality available.
ServicesWhat's NewThe Ripple EffectReal-world client stories of purpose and impactRegister for Dbriefs webcastsWe Are DeloitteReimagining how we support our people Tax                                             Global Business Tax Services                                             Global Employer Services                                             Multistate Tax                                             Operations Transformation for TaxConsulting                                             Core Business Operations                                             Customer & Marketing                                             Enterprise Technology & Performance                                             Human Capital                                             Strategy & AnalyticsAudit & Assurance                                             Audit Innovation                                             Accounting Standards                                             Accounting Events & TransactionsDeloitte PrivateMergers & Acquisitions                                                Total M&A Solution                                                Post-merger Integration                                                Divestiture & SeparationRisk & Financial Advisory                                                Accounting & Internal Controls                                                Cyber & Strategic Risk                                                Regulatory & Legal                                                Transactions and M&AAI & AnalyticsCloudDiversity, Equity & Inclusion.
What's New.
The Ripple EffectReal-world client stories of purpose and impact.
Real-world client stories of purpose and impact.
Register for Dbriefs webcasts.
We Are DeloitteReimagining how we support our people.
Reimagining how we support our people.
Tax                                             Global Business Tax Services                                             Global Employer Services                                             Multistate Tax                                             Operations Transformation for Tax.
Tax.
Global Business Tax Services.
Global Employer Services.
Multistate Tax.
Operations Transformation for Tax.
Consulting                                             Core Business Operations                                             Customer & Marketing                                             Enterprise Technology & Performance                                             Human Capital                                             Strategy & Analytics.
Consulting.
Core Business Operations.
Customer & Marketing.
Enterprise Technology & Performance.
Human Capital.
Strategy & Analytics.
Audit & Assurance                                             Audit Innovation                                             Accounting Standards                                             Accounting Events & Transactions.
Audit & Assurance.
Audit Innovation.
Accounting Standards.
Accounting Events & Transactions.
Deloitte Private.
Deloitte Private.
Mergers & Acquisitions                                                Total M&A Solution                                                Post-merger Integration                                                Divestiture & Separation.
Mergers & Acquisitions.
Total M&A Solution.
Post-merger Integration.
Divestiture & Separation.
Risk & Financial Advisory                                                Accounting & Internal Controls                                                Cyber & Strategic Risk                                                Regulatory & Legal                                                Transactions and M&A.
Risk & Financial Advisory.
Accounting & Internal Controls.
Cyber & Strategic Risk.
Regulatory & Legal.
Transactions and M&A.
AI & Analytics.
AI & Analytics.
Cloud.
Cloud.
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion.
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion.
IndustriesWhat's NewThe Ripple EffectReal-world client stories of purpose and impactRegister for Dbriefs webcastsIndustry OutlooksKey opportunities, trends, and challengesConsumer                                             Automotive                                             Consumer Products                                             Retail, Wholesale & Distribution                                             Transportation, Hospitality & ServicesEnergy, Resources & Industrials                                             Industrial Products & Construction                                             Mining & Metals                                             Oil, Gas & Chemicals                                             Power, Utilities & RenewablesFinancial Services                                             Banking & Capital Markets                                             Insurance                                             Investment Management                                             Real EstateGovernment & Public Services                                                Defense, Security & Justice                                                Federal health                                                Civil                                                State & Local                                                Higher EducationLife Sciences & Health Care                                                Health Care                                                Life SciencesTechnology, Media & Telecommunications                                                Technology                                                Telecommunications, Media & Entertainment.
What's New.
The Ripple EffectReal-world client stories of purpose and impact.
Real-world client stories of purpose and impact.
Register for Dbriefs webcasts.
Industry OutlooksKey opportunities, trends, and challenges.
Key opportunities, trends, and challenges.
Consumer                                             Automotive                                             Consumer Products                                             Retail, Wholesale & Distribution                                             Transportation, Hospitality & Services.
Consumer.
Automotive.
Consumer Products.
Retail, Wholesale & Distribution.
Transportation, Hospitality & Services.
Energy, Resources & Industrials                                             Industrial Products & Construction                                             Mining & Metals                                             Oil, Gas & Chemicals                                             Power, Utilities & Renewables.
Energy, Resources & Industrials.
Industrial Products & Construction.
Mining & Metals.
Oil, Gas & Chemicals.
Power, Utilities & Renewables.
Financial Services                                             Banking & Capital Markets                                             Insurance                                             Investment Management                                             Real Estate.
Financial Services.
Banking & Capital Markets.
Insurance.
Investment Management.
Real Estate.
Government & Public Services                                                Defense, Security & Justice                                                Federal health                                                Civil                                                State & Local                                                Higher Education.
Government & Public Services.
Defense, Security & Justice.
Federal health.
Civil.
State & Local.
Higher Education.
Life Sciences & Health Care                                                Health Care                                                Life Sciences.
Life Sciences & Health Care.
Health Care.
Life Sciences.
Technology, Media & Telecommunications                                                Technology                                                Telecommunications, Media & Entertainment.
Technology, Media & Telecommunications.
Technology.
Telecommunications, Media & Entertainment.
InsightsWhat's NewDeloitte Insights MagazineExplore the latest issue nowDeloitte Insights appGo straight to smart with daily updates on your mobile deviceWeekly economic updateSee what's happening this week and the impact on your businessStrategy                                             Business Strategy & Growth                                             Digital Transformation                                             Governance & Board                                             Innovation                                             Marketing & Sales                                             Private EnterpriseEconomy & Society                                             Economy                                             Environmental, Social, & Governance                                             Health Equity                                             Trust                                             MobilityOrganization                                             Operations                                             Finance & Tax                                             Risk & Regulation                                             Supply Chain                                             Smart ManufacturingPeople                                                Leadership                                                Talent & Work                                                Diversity, Equity, & InclusionTechnology                                                Data & Analytics                                                Emerging Technologies                                                Technology ManagementIndustries                                                Consumer                                                Energy, Resources, & Industrials                                                Financial Services                                                Government & Public Services                                                Life Sciences & Health Care                                                Technology, Media, & TelecommunicationsSpotlight                                                Deloitte Insights Magazine                                                Press Room Podcasts                                                Weekly Economic Update                                                COVID-19                                                Resilience.
What's New.
Deloitte Insights MagazineExplore the latest issue now.
Explore the latest issue now.
Deloitte Insights appGo straight to smart with daily updates on your mobile device.
Go straight to smart with daily updates on your mobile device.
Weekly economic updateSee what's happening this week and the impact on your business.
See what's happening this week and the impact on your business.
Strategy                                             Business Strategy & Growth                                             Digital Transformation                                             Governance & Board                                             Innovation                                             Marketing & Sales                                             Private Enterprise.
Strategy.
Business Strategy & Growth.
Digital Transformation.
Governance & Board.
Innovation.
Marketing & Sales.
Private Enterprise.
Economy & Society                                             Economy                                             Environmental, Social, & Governance                                             Health Equity                                             Trust                                             Mobility.
Economy & Society.
Economy.
Environmental, Social, & Governance.
Health Equity.
Trust.
Mobility.
Organization                                             Operations                                             Finance & Tax                                             Risk & Regulation                                             Supply Chain                                             Smart Manufacturing.
Organization.
Operations.
Finance & Tax.
Risk & Regulation.
Supply Chain.
Smart Manufacturing.
People                                                Leadership                                                Talent & Work                                                Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion.
People.
Leadership.
Talent & Work.
Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion.
Technology                                                Data & Analytics                                                Emerging Technologies                                                Technology Management.
Technology.
Data & Analytics.
Emerging Technologies.
Technology Management.
Industries                                                Consumer                                                Energy, Resources, & Industrials                                                Financial Services                                                Government & Public Services                                                Life Sciences & Health Care                                                Technology, Media, & Telecommunications.
Industries.
Consumer.
Energy, Resources, & Industrials.
Financial Services.
Government & Public Services.
Life Sciences & Health Care.
Technology, Media, & Telecommunications.
Spotlight                                                Deloitte Insights Magazine                                                Press Room Podcasts                                                Weekly Economic Update                                                COVID-19                                                Resilience.
Spotlight.
Deloitte Insights Magazine.
Press Room Podcasts.
Weekly Economic Update.
COVID-19.
Resilience.
CareersWhat's NewHybrid workplace model and vaccine updatesTransforming when, where, and how we workWe Are DeloitteReimagining how we support our peopleThe Deloitte University ExperienceExplore Deloitte University like never before through a cinematic movie trailer and films of popular locations throughout Deloitte University.
Careers                                             Audit & Assurance                                             Consulting                                             Risk & Financial Advisory                                             Tax                                             Internal Services                                             US Delivery CenterStudents                                             Undergraduate                                             Advanced Degree                                             InternshipsExperienced Professionals                                             Additional Opportunities                                             Veterans                                             Industries                                             ExecutivesJob Search                                                Entry Level Jobs                                                Experienced Professional Jobs                                                Recruiting Tips                                                Explore Your Fit                                                Labor Condition ApplicationsLife at Deloitte                                                Life at Deloitte Blog                                                Meet Our People                                                Inclusion                                                Corporate Citizenship                                                Leadership Development                                                Empowered Well-Being                                                Deloitte UniversityAlumni Relations                                                Update Your Information                                                Events                                                Career Development Support                                                Marketplace Jobs Dashboard                                                Alumni Resources.
What's New.
Hybrid workplace model and vaccine updatesTransforming when, where, and how we work.
Transforming when, where, and how we work.
We Are DeloitteReimagining how we support our people.
Reimagining how we support our people.
The Deloitte University ExperienceExplore Deloitte University like never before through a cinematic movie trailer and films of popular locations throughout Deloitte University.
Explore Deloitte University like never before through a cinematic movie trailer and films of popular locations throughout Deloitte University.
Careers                                             Audit & Assurance                                             Consulting                                             Risk & Financial Advisory                                             Tax                                             Internal Services                                             US Delivery Center.
Careers.
Audit & Assurance.
Consulting.
Risk & Financial Advisory.
Tax.
Internal Services.
US Delivery Center.
Students                                             Undergraduate                                             Advanced Degree                                             Internships.
Students.
Undergraduate.
Advanced Degree.
Internships.
Experienced Professionals                                             Additional Opportunities                                             Veterans                                             Industries                                             Executives.
Experienced Professionals.
Additional Opportunities.
Veterans.
Industries.
Executives.
Job Search                                                Entry Level Jobs                                                Experienced Professional Jobs                                                Recruiting Tips                                                Explore Your Fit                                                Labor Condition Applications.
Job Search.
Entry Level Jobs.
Experienced Professional Jobs.
Recruiting Tips.
Explore Your Fit.
Labor Condition Applications.
Life at Deloitte                                                Life at Deloitte Blog                                                Meet Our People                                                Inclusion                                                Corporate Citizenship                                                Leadership Development                                                Empowered Well-Being                                                Deloitte University.
Life at Deloitte.
Life at Deloitte Blog.
Meet Our People.
Inclusion.
Corporate Citizenship.
Leadership Development.
Empowered Well-Being.
Deloitte University.
Alumni Relations                                                Update Your Information                                                Events                                                Career Development Support                                                Marketplace Jobs Dashboard                                                Alumni Resources.
Alumni Relations.
Update Your Information.
Events.
Career Development Support.
Marketplace Jobs Dashboard.
Alumni Resources.
US-ENLocation.
United States-English.
Contact us.
US-ENLocation.
United States-English.
Contact us.
DashboardSaved itemsContent feedSubscriptionsProfile/InterestsAccount settingsLog out.
Dashboard.
Saved items.
Content feed.
Subscriptions.
Profile/Interests.
Account settings.
Log out.
Privacy.
Privacy Notice.
Last revised.
5/31/22.
Introduction.
Information collection.
Log information, cookies and Web beacons.
Privacy Shield Notice.
Information use.
Disclosure of information to third parties.
Selling of information.
Blogs, forums, wikis and other social media.
Privacy practices of third parties.
Information retention.
Rights to access and control your personal information.
Verification of Personal Information Request.
Third Party Requests.
Special notices to California residents.
Do Not Track.
Information security.
Children's privacy protection.
Changes to our Privacy Notice.
Contact information.
Printer-friendly PDF.
Introduction.
Deloitte (also referred to below as "we", "us" and "our") is a privacy conscious organization.
This Privacy Notice explains how we protect your information collected from (1) the Web pages of the Deloitte.
com website that are designated as United States in the upper right hand corner or Web pages of any other website with respect to which this Privacy Notice is posted or linked (such Web pages are collectively referred to as the "Website"), (2) downloadable applications accessed from mobile devices with respect to which this Privacy Notice is posted or linked ("Mobile Apps") or (3) any other mode of interacting with you relating to Deloitte communications, such as online or offline newsletters and magazines, that reference this Privacy Notice (“Communication”).
By using the Website or Mobile Apps, or continuing to receive Communications, you agree to the use of such information in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
This Privacy Notice also applies to your personal information that we may have collected from data brokers in connection with our marketing activities.
The Deloitte.
com website also includes Web pages provided by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited ("DTTL"), which are designated as "Global," and Web pages provided by other DTTL member firms or their related entities, which are designated according to the location identified in the upper right-hand corner next to "Location.
" These Web pages are provided by the designated entities and are not the responsibility of Deloitte.
Such Web pages, as well as other websites that may be linked to the Website, are not governed by this Privacy Notice.
We encourage you to review the applicable privacy statements before disclosing any personal information.
As used in this Privacy Notice, "Deloitte Network" means DTTL and its member firms and their affiliates and related entities.
Information collection.
We may collect personal information when you interact with the Website or Mobile Apps, such as if you choose to register or create a user profile on the Website or a Mobile App (e.
g.
, to gain access to specific content, attend a hosted event, respond to a survey or request Communications about specific areas of interest), or otherwise provide it to us.
Depending on the specific Communication you are receiving, or the Web page of the Website or Mobile App you are using, such information may consist of your name, current job title, company address, email address, telephone and fax numbers, correspondence with you, which newsletters you subscribe to, and other information you provide to us.
When using a Mobile App, in addition to contact information, we or our service providers (such as mobile operating system and platform providers) may also collect information relating to your device, including your device model, operating system, browser type, unique device identifier, IP address, mobile phone number, mobile network carrier, location, and the way you are using the Mobile App.
The information collected will depend on the functionality of the specific Mobile App you are using.
If any other information is collected relating to your use of a Mobile App, such information will be specified in the Mobile App.
We may also collect personal information if you register for the Website using a third party social network account (e.
g.
, LinkedIn, Facebook, and Twitter).
For example, the Website or a Mobile App may allow you to login using your social network account credentials.
We may collect the user name associated with that social media account and any information or content you have permitted the social media network to share with us, such as your profile picture, email address, and birthday.
The information we collect may depend on the privacy settings you have with the social network site, so please review the privacy statement or policy of the applicable social network site.
When you access the Website through your social network account, you are authorizing us to collect and use your information in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
The Website may also collect content that you provide, including postings on blogs, forums, wikis and other social media applications and services that we may provide.
We may also collect your personal information from data brokers in connection with our marketing activities.
We do not usually seek to collect sensitive personal information (i.
e.
, data relating to race or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, political opinions, medical or health conditions, or information specifying the sex life or sexual orientation of an individual) from users.
We will, where necessary, obtain your explicit consent to collect and use such information.
Log information, cookies and Web beacons.
The Website and Mobile Apps collect standard Internet log information including your IP address, browser type and language, access times and referring website addresses.
To ensure that the Website, Mobile Apps and Communications are well managed and to facilitate improved navigation, we or our service provider(s) may also use cookies (small text files stored in a user's browser) or Web beacons (electronic images that allow us to count users who have accessed particular content and to access certain cookies) to collect aggregate data.
Additional information on how we use cookies and other tracking technologies and how you can control these can be found in our Cookie Notice.
Privacy Shield Notice.
Deloitte adheres to the EU-U.
S.
and Swiss-U.
S.
Privacy Shield Frameworks as set forth by the U.
S.
Department of Commerce with respect to personal information that is transferred from the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom and Switzerland to the United States within the scope of Deloitte’s Privacy Shield certifications.
To learn more, see our Privacy Shield Notice.
Information use.
We collect and use your personal information with your consent to provide you with access to the Website, Mobile Apps and Communications, or where we have a legitimate business interest in or other legal basis for, such collection and use.
The personal information you submit to us may be used to manage our relationship with you, including any of your requests, or to customize or improve the Website or a Mobile App and related services offered to you.
We may also use your personal information for marketing purposes, or to send you promotional materials or communications regarding services provided by us or other members of the Deloitte Network that we feel may be of interest to you.
We may also contact you to seek feedback on services provided by members of the Deloitte Network or for market or other research purposes.
Your personal information may also be used to protect our rights or property and that of our users.
You may at any time request that we discontinue sending you Communications, emails or other correspondence.
Disclosure of information to third parties.
We may provide your personal information to other members of the Deloitte Network in order to provide you with information that could be of interest to you and conduct market or other research.
Your personal information may also be disclosed to members of the Deloitte Network and other third parties.
in order to respond to your requests or inquiries.
as part of a corporate transaction (such as a sale, divestiture, reorganization, merger or acquisition).
or where those parties handle information on our behalf.
Personal information may also be disclosed to law enforcement, regulatory or other government agencies, or to other third parties, in each case to comply with legal, regulatory, or national security obligations or requests.
In relation to Mobile Apps, we may also share your usage and personal information with mobile carriers and platform providers, as well as any other entities described in any particular Mobile App in connection with the operation of the Mobile App.
In relation to Communications, we may also share your personal information with service providers in connection with the delivery of such Communications.
All of these disclosures may involve the transfer of personal information to countries or regions without data protection rules similar to those in effect in your area of residence.
By providing information with respect to a Communication or through the Website or a Mobile App, you are consenting to the disclosures described above.
Any personal information that we have referenced above under “Information collection” may be disclosed to the third parties identified in this section for the purposes set forth herein.
Selling of information.
We do not sell your personal information that is collected under this Privacy Notice.
To the extent we sell personal information that falls outside the scope of this Privacy Notice, such practices are described in our Data Analytics Privacy Notice.
Blogs, forums, wikis and other social media.
The Website may host various blogs, forums, wikis and other social media applications or services that allow you to share content with other users (collectively Social Media Applications).
Any personal information or other information that you contribute to any Social Media Application can be read, collected and used by other users of that Social Media Application over whom we have little or no control.
Therefore, we are not responsible for any other user's use, misuse or misappropriation of any personal information or other information that you contribute to any Social Media Application.
Privacy practices of third parties.
This Privacy Notice only addresses the use and disclosure of information collected by Deloitte through your interaction with the Website and the Mobile Apps and through other interactions with Deloitte relating to a Communication.
Other websites or mobile apps that may be accessible through links from the Communication, Website, or Mobile Apps have their own privacy statements and personal information collection, use and disclosure practices.
We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy statements provided by these other parties prior to providing them with information.
Information retention.
We retain personal information as necessary for the duration of the purpose outlined in this Privacy Notice.
Notwithstanding the duration of the purpose, we may retain your information if necessary to comply with our legal or professional obligations, enforce our agreements, or resolve disputes.
Rights to access and control your personal information.
You have choices about how your personal information is collected, used and shared.
If you choose to register for a Communication or with the Website or a Mobile App, you may access your user profile, correct and update your details, or unsubscribe at any time.
If you decide that you no longer wish to have your third party social network site account (e.
g.
, LinkedIn, Facebook, or Twitter) linked to your profile on the Website or a Mobile App, you may change your account settings at any time.
If you have any problem accessing your profile, or would like to request a copy of your profile, please complete our Personal Information Request Form.
Depending on the jurisdiction in which you are located, you may have the right to request that we modify, delete, or stop processing your personal information, and you may also have the right to request that we provide the following information regarding the personal information we hold about you.
The categories and/or specific pieces of personal information we collected.
The categories of sources from which personal information is collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we shared personal information.
To exercise any of your rights under applicable law described above regarding your personal information, complete our Personal Information Request Form or call us at +1-844-919-0711.
When calling us, please provide your full name, mailing address, email address, and information about the type of specific request.
Applicable laws may also give you the right to lodge a complaint with a local supervisory authority related to this Privacy Notice.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights with respect to your personal information.
Annual personal information request metrics are available here.
Verification of Personal Information Request.
For certain personal information requests, we must first verify your identity before processing your request.
To do so, we may ask you to provide us with your full name, contact information, and relationship to Deloitte.
Depending on your request, we may ask you to provide additional information.
Once we receive this information, we will then review it and determine whether we are able to match it to the information Deloitte maintains about you to verify your identity.
Third Party Requests.
If you are submitting a personal information request on behalf of someone other than yourself, please contact us at and include proof that you are authorized to make the request.
This may be in the form of a written authorization signed by the person whom you are acting on behalf of or a valid power of attorney.
Special notices to California residents.
If you are a California resident, you are entitled to request information concerning any personal information you provide to us as part of an established business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes that we disclose to nonaffiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
We do not share such personal information with nonaffiliated third parties for such purposes.
Do Not Track.
"Do Not Track" is a preference you can set in your Web browser to let the websites you visit know that you do not want them collecting information about you.
The Website does not currently respond to a "Do Not Track" or similar signal.
We do not engage in the collection of personal information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services to provide targeted advertising and we do not allow third parties to collect such personal information when you use the Website.
Information security.
We have in place reasonable commercial standards of technology and operational security to protect all personal information provided by users with respect to Communications, or via the Website or Mobile Apps, from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.
Children's privacy protection.
We understand the importance of protecting children's online privacy.
Communications, the Website and Mobile Apps are not designed for or intentionally targeted at children under the age of 13.
It is not our policy to intentionally collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13.
If we obtain actual knowledge that we have received such information, we will take steps to delete it.
Changes to our Privacy Notice.
In addition to describing our current privacy practices, this Privacy Notice also describes the categories of personal information we collected, disclosed, or sold during the preceding 12 months.
We may modify or amend this Privacy Notice from time to time at our discretion.
When we make changes to this Privacy Notice, we will amend the revision date at the top of this page and such modified or amended Privacy Notice shall be effective as to you and your information as of that revision date.
We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Notice to view any updates.
Contact information.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding your privacy while using the Website or a Mobile App, or upon receipt of a Communication, please contact us at or call us at +1 844 919 0711.
Contact us.
Search jobs.
Submit RFP.
Subscribe to Deloitte Insights.
About Deloitte.
Client stories.
My Deloitte.
Deloitte Insights.
Email subscriptions.
Press releases.
Submit RFP.
US office locations.
Alumni.
Global office directory.
Newsroom.
Dbriefs webcasts.
Contact us.
Services.
Tax.
Consulting.
Audit & Assurance.
Deloitte Private.
Mergers & Acquisitions.
Risk & Financial Advisory.
AI & Analytics.
Cloud.
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion.
Industries.
Consumer.
Energy, Resources & Industrials.
Financial Services.
Government & Public Services.
Life Sciences & Health Care.
Technology, Media & Telecommunications.
Careers.
Careers.
Students.
Experienced Professionals.
Job Search.
Life at Deloitte.
Alumni Relations.
About Deloitte.
Terms of Use.
Privacy.
Privacy Shield.
Cookies.
Cookie Settings.
Legal Information for Job Seekers.
Labor Condition Applications.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
© 2022.
See Terms of Use for more information.
Deloitte refers to one or more of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited, a UK private company limited by guarantee ("DTTL"), its network of member firms, and their related entities.
DTTL and each of its member firms are legally separate and independent entities.
DTTL (also referred to as "Deloitte Global") does not provide services to clients.
In the United States, Deloitte refers to one or more of the US member firms of DTTL, their related entities that operate using the "Deloitte" name in the United States and their respective affiliates.
Certain services may not be available to attest clients under the rules and regulations of public accounting.
Please see  to learn more about our global network of member firms.
