Privacy Policy.
DevTechnosys Private Limited is bases it’s on robust privacy policy, where we are highly sensitive to protect our client personal information shared with us while accessing our business website.
Your personal information helps us know you better and provide you amazing development work, thus at some point you may be asked to share your information with us.
Information Collection and Use.
DevTechnosys, may request for sharing your personal information which includes.
your name, e-mail address, name of your enterprise, telephone number, etc.
We provide our clients freedom to share or not to share these general details voluntarily.
We work under strict policy to keep your information protected and not give them away or sell them or rent them to 3rd party.
We welcome high-technology minds to share their respective resumes with us on our site, any submitted resume on DevTechnosys website will be kept confidential and used for further purpose of considering the candidate for employing.
The user’s information will not be shared to agencies and third parties.
To be able to access certain sections of our website, a user might be asked to share his personal information, of which we keep them assured of the confidentiality of their information.
Registration For Collateral And Software Downloads.
In case of request of download of trail versions or collaterals of software provided by DevTechnosys, your registration onto our sight is a must have, we request you to fill our registration form to help and assist you better to lavish upon incredible help.
We only ask for general information such as name and email address.
This information will be only used to contact you for the services requested by you.
Collecting Information For Surveys.
We believe your partaking in making our services better and advance, there may be times when we would request you to participate in surveys conducted by DevTechnosys.
These surveys help us big time understanding the profile and requirements of our users.
The participation in the survey is voluntary and a user can opt out from participating in the survey any time.
Use Of Log Files.
We access your domain information for keeping track on use of our site.
Which helps us know the visitors of our site, the number of time they visit us, and the what part they access our site most.
This information is used for by us to optimise our services and websites.
This is an automated function for which no user-action is requested.
Use Of Cookies.
Cookies are the data stored on user hard drives that contain their information.
By accessing cookies on DevTechnosys site a user does not require to log in with password while accessing the site next time.
Cookies also help us serve you better serving experience, it lets us know our client interest better.
A cookie doesn’t provide users personal information, also it terminates on closing of the browser.
It is also a voluntary action and denial of which also allows you to access our site seamlessly.
However, it may lead to limited access on our site.
Links.
There are links to other sites embedded to our website, for which DevTechnosys is not to be held responsible for the privacy practices of those sites.
We recommend you read privacy policies of the websites while they leave our website.
Security.
DevTechnosys takes serious measures in protecting a user’s information, while they submit their sensitive information on our site.
We protect their information online and offline.
While registering or ordering products on our website, you may be asked to enter your transaction information such as credit card number or other identity cards information.
Of which we provide ultimate protection by using encryption software such as SSL, which secures your payment on our website.
Indicating your safe visit on our website, your browser will show you a locked icon of a lock which is a sign of safe and secure page view.
We use your information within our premise, and no exchange of your information outside is entertained.
Our employees use your information in tasks such as billing, customer support, upgrades and subscription reminders etc.
For further information about your security of the DevTechnosys Site, mail us at [email protected].
Site And Service Updates.
DevTechnosys reserves the right to distribute service announcements to our users, also members are not allowed to opt out of service announcements.
The announcements are important services that hold important information on the services requested by the user.
We communicate with you via mail or phone to resolve your issues on your account.
DevTechnosysholds the right to modify or update the privacy statement at any time without notice.
Our Sneak Peak into the Tech-World.
Get Exciting Updates About Latest Technologies, Development Tips, & Trending Solutions Via Our Blogs.
What is the Role of Edge Computing In IoT.
Do you know What is the Role of Edge Computing In IoT.
In this modernized era, the Internet of Things (IoT) is developing fast and advancing towards the Internet of Everything (IOE).
Guide To Develop An App Like Filld- Fuel Delivery App Development.
None of us would have ever imagined the era when we’ll get our favorite food delivered to the doorstep or even get fuel on demand in case of emergency.
Build An E-Scooter App Like Lime and Bird – 2022.
Want to develop an App like lime for your business.
Here is a full guide to developing an eScooter sharing app.
Get Your Free Copy Of Industry Specific Report.
Download Now.
The industry report by experts covering all aspects.
Awesome.
Sorry.
Want more information .
Request a quote about our web and mobile application development services.
Honour.
Awards & Recognition.
TOP MOBILE APP DEVELOPERS.
Top Software Development Company.
Top Mobile App Development Company.
FIRMS THAT DELIVER.
Our Offices.
United States of America.
Dev Technosys LLC5668 e 61st street ste 2000 #360 commerce, california 90040, USA.
United Kingdom.
60 st martins lane, covent garden wc2n 4js, London.
United Arab Emirates.
HDS Business Centre Tower, Cluster M1,33rd Floor, Jumeirah Lake Towers, 340505.
New Zealand.
188 Quay Street Auckland, AUK 1010.
Subscribe our newsletter.
By subscribing our newsletter you will know all the latest updates about IT Tech from us.
Thanks for subscribing us.
Quick links.
About Us.
Portfolio.
Contact Us.
Insights.
Testimonials.
Careers.
FAQ.
Our services.
Mobile ApplicationDevelopment.
IOT ApplicationDevelopment.
SoftwareProduct Development.
POS DevelopmentSolution.
FullstackDevelopment.
Custom WebDevelopment.
mobile app development cost.
Our industries.
Real Estate.
On-Demand.
Healthcare.
Event & Tickets.
Travel &Tours.
Ecommerce & Retail.
Get in touch.
Sales .
[email protected].
Sales UAE .
[email protected].
Career With Us .
[email protected].
Sales .
+1 415-992-5493 ,+44 20 8638 7669.
HR .
+91 141-4107667.
HQ .
B-11-12, Lal Bahadur Nagar, Sector 9 Malviya Nagar, Jaipur, Rajasthan - INDIA 302017.
SERVING IN 70+ COUNTRIES FOR SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT.
United States (USA), United Kingdom (UK), Singapore, Germany, Canada, Australia, Ireland, Dublin, ,NewZealand , Netherlands, Norway, United Arab Emirates (UAE) , Saudi Arabia , Qatar, Finland, Mexico,Switzerland, Spain, France, etc.
Don’t Miss To Follow Us On Our Social Networks Accounts.
Terms of services.
Privacy policy.
Refund policy.
