Contact Us.
News.
CompanyCompany ProfileDirectors and Officers SustainabilityTerms and ConditionsTerms and Conditions of SalesCopyrightTrademarksImportant NoticeLogo Use GuidelinesWebsite Terms of UsePrivacyCookiesLinking PolicyAccessibility.
Company Profile.
Directors and Officers.
Sustainability.
Terms and ConditionsTerms and Conditions of SalesCopyrightTrademarksImportant NoticeLogo Use GuidelinesWebsite Terms of UsePrivacyCookiesLinking Policy.
Terms and Conditions of Sales.
Copyright.
Trademarks.
Important Notice.
Logo Use Guidelines.
Website Terms of Use.
Privacy.
Cookies.
Linking Policy.
Accessibility.
Careers.
Investors.
Website Privacy Policy.
1.
Scope and Content.
This Privacy Policy explains how Diodes Incorporated and its subsidiaries (collectively "Diodes") handle your personal data collected through Diodes' website at  including the subpages (“Website”).
The Website is intended for both current and prospective purchasers and users of our products.
By visiting the Website, you acknowledge and agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy.
We are committed to handling your personal data responsibly and in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations, including the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
Pursuant to the CCPA, California residents have certain rights with respect to their personal data.
For the purpose of the CCPA, we do not sell your personal data and will not discriminate against any user of the Website for exercising his/her rights under the CCPA.
Any requests made pursuant to CCPA can be made by contacting the Diodes contact described in Section 10 of this Privacy Policy.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, “Personal Data" is information relating to an identified or identifiable person, for example, your e-mail address, address, name or phone number.
2.
Anonymous Usage of Diodes' Website.
You are welcome to visit the Website while remaining anonymous and not revealing any Personal Data.
Sharing your Personal Data is voluntary.
However, if you choose not to provide certain information, you may not be able to take advantage of some of the Website’s features and programs such as contact us, newsletters, notifications, and download secure files that are not available to anonymous users.
The information you provide to Diodes will enable us to serve you better and to communicate with you regarding our products and your product needs.
3.
Data We Collect and How We Use it.
Diodes collects the Personal Data you enter into forms on the Website, for example, your e-mail address, name, title, phone number, company name, city, state, and country that you enter when you submit a request using website forms on the Website or information that you otherwise provide to us through our interactions with you both online and offline.
We anticipate that the personal data you entered on our Website is the same as your business contact information.
The data provided by you via the Website will be used to serve your request.
For example, data will be used to provide you with the product and service information you asked for.
Diodes also uses Personal Data you provided via the Website to enhance the service of the Website and to personalize information provided to you online or offline.
The Personal Data you provided via the Website is collected through, stored and processed by Diodes or our service providers.
We use your Personal Data for typical business activities and operational and commercial purposes.
In addition to Personal Data, Diodes collects certain information related to your Website usage, including pages viewed, files downloaded, and forms filled to serve you better in a timely manner.
We do send your enquiry request and Personal Data via an email to our employees and service providers who could provide information requested via your enquiry.
We may also ask for your intended use of our products, market segment, and application when you complete a specific form such as technical support, product samples, or technical collateral.
Diodes collects the number of visitors to our Website, browsing patterns and areas of interest.
We analyze this data to assess trends, statistics and customers' needs, to help us improve our Website, products and better serve our current and prospective customers.
We do not share your Personal Data to third parties except our service providers and business partners, such as distributors, who help us serve our customers better.
4.
Disclosure to Other Companies.
Under certain circumstances, Personal Data may be given to Diodes' business partners when we believe your business interests will be served.
For instance, if we need to ship products to you or to provide technical/sales support via our business partners such as distributors or sales representatives, we will share your name and address with a carrier or business partner.
Diodes will also release Personal Data if compelled by law to do so.
Our Website may contain links to others’ websites and we are not responsible for their privacy practices.
We encourage you to read the privacy notices of those other websites.
5.
Access to your Personal Data.
Our Website allows you to set up a personal account to interact with Diodes so you do not have to enter the same information each time you interact with us via the Website and you can keep your information up to date.
We encourage you to keep your Personal Data up-to-date by promptly notifying Diodes of any changes to your Personal Information via updates to your profile.
You may access your profile to update your Personal Data.
6.
Cookies.
Diodes’ Website uses cookies.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies.
If you prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies, or to warn you before a cookie is placed.
If you choose not to accept cookies then you may not be able to experience the full functionality of the website.
For more information please see our cookie policy.
7.
Data Security and Retention.
We aim to protect your Personal Data.
Diodes uses a variety of commercially available security technologies to protect your Personal Data, including secure servers, password encryption, authentication, and SSL.
We will only transfer your data within the Diodes and to our business partners, especially to our distributors and sales representatives, if this serves to fulfill contracts/orders or your interests.
We will retain your Personal Data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is collected for, to satisfy any legal and regulatory requirements, and to respond to any legal or administrative proceedings.
When it is no longer necessary for us to retain your Personal Data, your Personal Data will be deleted or anonymized.
however, they may persist on archival or backup systems for longer period.
8.
Children under the Age of 13.
Diodes' Website does not target and is not intended for children under the age of 13.
Diodes values the privacy needs of these children and encourages parents to be an active participant in their child's online activities and interests.
Diodes' Website does not target children and will not knowingly collect data from them.
If we discover Personal Data from a child that has been provided through Diodes' Website that is targeted to adults and older children, we will eliminate that Personal Data.
We do not ask for users’ age nor do we target or communicate with our users based on their age.
9.
Changes to this Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy.
While we do not intend to make changes to this Privacy Policy very often, it is always a good idea to double check our most current Privacy Policy when you visit us to be sure that you have read and agreed with what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
10.
Diodes' Contact.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or exercise any right relating to your Personal Data, you can send an email request here.
For any other Website related issues please contact us.
Privacy Policy last revised on December 3, 2020.
Contact Us.
News.
Company.
Careers.
Investors.
Part#/Keyword.
Inventory.
Cross Ref.
Home.
Products.
Design.
Quality.
Protocols.
Applications.
About.
