June 2022.
Login/Register.
Select LanguageEnglishहिन्दीবাংলাગુજરાતીಕನ್ನಡमराठीമലയാളംਪੰਜਾਬੀதமிழ்FrançaisDeutsche日本語.
PRINT EDITION.
Print Edition of the Magazine, Available from August 2022 onwards, Contact us to subscribe.
#Trending.
Home.
About usAbout UsAdvisory Board Our Associations.
About Us.
Advisory Board.
Our Associations.
Automation  expoExpo 2022Expo Connect 2021.
Expo 2022.
Expo Connect 2021.
Industrial Automationnews productsinterviewsarticlesCase StudiesCover StoryResearch ReportsLessons LearnedAuthors.
news.
products.
interviews.
articles.
Case Studies.
Cover Story.
Research Reports.
Lessons Learned.
Authors.
What's Trending Healthcare Technology 3D Printing Smart Cities Industry 4.
0  Industrial Robots Green Energy Big Data Cyber Security Artificial Intelligence Startups.
Healthcare Technology.
3D Printing.
Smart Cities.
Industry 4.
0.
Industrial Robots.
Green Energy.
Big Data.
Cyber Security.
Artificial Intelligence.
Startups.
Special'sWomens Special  Covid-19 From Editors Desk  Xclusives.
Womens Special.
Covid-19.
From Editors Desk.
Xclusives.
Directory.
Advertise With us  Media Kit  Advertise.
Media Kit.
Advertise.
Events New.
Magazine.
Subscription 2022.
Press releases.
FAQ's.
Careers.
Contact Us.
Login with your registered email.
If incase your password is not working we request you to please reset your password.
Login with your registered email or social accounts.
Google.
Linkedin.
Facebook.
Twitter.
Register here to explore the world of automation.
Enter your username / registered email address to recover your password.
#Products.
Home.
Products.
Distributed Services Architecture (DSA).
Distributed Services Architecture (DSA).
Published on .
Monday&nbsp30-11--0001.
58Likes.
Distributed Services Architecture (DSA), is an open source IoT platform that facilitates device inter-communication, logic and applications at every layer of the Internet of Things infrastructure.
The objective is to unify the disparate devices, services and applications into a structured and adaptable real-time data model.
Functionality.
Distributed Services Architecture (DSA) allows for purpose-built products and services (i.
e.
DSLinks) to interact with one another in a decentralized manner.
This architecture enables a network architect to distribute functionality between discrete computing resources.
A network topology consisting of multiple DSLinks running on edge devices connected to a tiered hierarchy of brokers allows the system as a whole to be scalable, resilient to failure and take advantage of all computing resources available to it from the edge, the datacenter, the cloud and everything in between.
The Internet of Things (IoT) is defined as uniquely identifiable objects and their virtual representations in a connected, internet-like structure.
The purpose for the existence of IoT is to ultimately have a fully connected world in which all objects are interoperable with one another regardless of manufacturer, specific device characteristics or functionality.
This interoperability enables each object to exchange information amongst, affect the state of and augment behavior of itself or other objects in the ecosystem based on a certain set of criteria and configuration parameters.
As the amount of connected objects increases exponentially, so does the variation in their communication methods, configuration parameters and security implementations causing the inability of various objects to be compatible with one another and creating siloed networks of like objects.
For a truly connected world, it is important to break down the barriers that inhibit unconstrained interoperability.
The objective of the Distributed Services Architecture is to unify the disparate devices, services and applications into a structured and adaptable real-time data model.
The premise of the open-source DSA initiative is to build a community of manufacturers, makers and solution providers that will contribute to an ever-expanding library of Distributed Service Links which allow protocol translation and data integration to and from 3rd party data-sources.
DSA Initiative.
Related topics.
Comments.
No comments posted.
Leave a reply.
Recent posts.
Compact Board-To-Board Connectors.
Phoenix Contact.
IGBT Module for Industrial Use.
Mitsubishi Electric.
Ultrasonic Flowmeter, Proline Prosonic Flow B 200.
Endress+Hauser.
Emission Control Gauge.
Wika Instruments.
Rotary Table for Complete Machining.
FIBROMOD.
Smart Automation Controllers for Buildings.
Siemens.
Wireless HART Adapter, FieldPort SWA50.
Endress+Hauser.
Suggestions.
Compact Board-To-Board Connectors.
Phoenix Contact.
IGBT Module for Industrial Use.
Mitsubishi Electric.
Ultrasonic Flowmeter, Proline Prosonic Flow B 200.
Endress+Hauser.
Emission Control Gauge .
Wika Instruments.
Smart Automation Controllers for Buildings.
Siemens.
Face Recognition Terminal.
Hikvision India.
Pressure Regulators, Dome-Loaded.
WITT.
Coriolis Measuring System, Promass E/F 200.
Endress+Hauser.
Micropilot FWR30 – Access storage tank level from anywhere.
Endress+Hauser.
Structural Bonding Adhesive for EV Battery Applications.
Dymax.
Structural Bonding Adhesive for EV Battery Applications.
Dymax.
Ultrasonic Flowmeter, Proline Prosonic Flow G 300/500.
Endress+Hauser.
subscribe newsletter.
Useful links.
Buy Subscription.
Magazine.
Add Company.
Media kit.
Advertise.
FAQ's.
Payment options.
Contact Us.
Company.
About us.
Editorial Advisory.
Automation Expo.
Forthcoming preview.
Privacy policy.
Careers.
Terms & Conditions.
Latest Trends.
Smart Cities.
Industry 4.
0.
Industrial Robots.
Green Energy.
Big Data.
Cyber Security.
Artificial Intelligence.
Stay Connected.
Coming soon.
Indias No.
1, Tomorrows Global Leader.
Industrial Automation magazine is a monthly industrial magazine published by IED Communications based in India since 1980, catering to the Factory and Process Automation needs of the industry.
The magazine is the top most widely read and referred monthly magazines and trade journal in the automation industry and is a delight for the engineering college students and technology enthusiasts who want to learn about instrumentation, factory automation, process automation, digitalisation, robotics and many more topics.
The brand today has evolved beyond the magazine and has tansformed into a digital media platform for the automation, manufacturing and industrial sector, Having a monthly digital magazine, a portal with daily updates about the industry.
Bringing forward new avenues of digital content delivering a never before experience through interactive content like videos, latest news, articles, interviews, expert discussions, case studies, research reports and much more to come in future.
(+91) 9403000104.
©	2019 IED Communications Ltd | All right reserved.
.
