Product.
Solutions.
Customers.
Developer.
Support.
Blog.
Privacy Policy.
This policy explains the privacy practices of dizmo AG, Zürich, Switzerland, and its affiliates (“Dizmo”, “we”) in connection with the use of the website dizmo.
com including forum (“Website) and its dizmoStore, dizmoViewer, including the user interface and application environment software (“Software”), and the related Dizmo services (“dizmoServices”).
It describes the ways Dizmo collects and uses personal information of users and developers and for what purposes.
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
We may refer to users and developers together as “you”.
I.
Information we collect.
When you use the dizmoServices, the Software or Website, Dizmo will collect non personally identifiable information, such as, but not limited to, session durations, page impressions, Internet protocol (IP) addresses, the domain name that served you to access the Website, and content types and origins.
When you use a dizmoService, the dizmoStore or the Software, we may collect device-specific information, such as your hardware model and operating system.
Dizmo will also store information related to online data or metadata that is routed through Dizmo’s servers, such as web pages’ addresses, structures, data fields and images.
We will collect personally identifiable information only when you register yourself with us, when you buy something from us and later on log into our systems with your dizmoID to purchase something from our dizmoStore or use dizmoServices.
The information we collect includes the information you give to us such as your name, address and email address, and information about what you do when using the Website, dizmoServices and the Software.
If you do not wish us to collect such information, please log out and do not use your dizmoID when using our Website, dizmoServices and the Software (note, however, that in particular dizmoServices and certain features of the Software are not available without you being logged in using your dizmoID).
II.
How we use information we collect.
We use the personally identifiable information we collect about you to contact you (e.
g.
in connection with use of the Website, the Software or dizmoServices) in relation to the Software, dizmoServices and the Website, to provide, maintain, protect and improve the Software, dizmoServices, and the Website and to develop new services, and for other purpose described in this Privacy Policy or that we may indicate to you when we collect your information.
III.
Disclosure.
Dizmo does not sell, rent or lease your personally identifiable information to third parties.
We may share personally identifiable information with others in any of the following instances.
to operate the Software, dizmoServices, dizmoStore and the Website, to process payments and otherwise run our operations.
For example, we may share your information with subcontractors helping us to provide you services.
to contact you.
For example, Dizmo may use a third party’s mailing platform to send you messages and updates from time to time, unless you have opted out from such mailings.
if we are required to do so by law, for the purposes of a legal or administrative proceeding, if we believe you may have violated or are involved in the violation of the Software End User License Agreement, the Dizmo User Agreement or any other agreement with us, or if we believe that there is an overriding private or public interest.
Dizmo may also share personally identifiable information among affiliated companies such as subsidiaries, sistercompanies and parent companies, for the purposes for which the information has been collected.
IV.
Third Party Services.
In general, the third party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchaserelated transactions, and they may use such information for their own purposes.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by them.
V.
Links.
When you click on links on our Website, they may direct you away from our Website.
We are not responsible for the content and the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
VI.
Security.
The security of your personal information is important to us, but you should be aware that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
While we try to use commercially reasonable means to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security and that we can prevent any unauthorized processing.
VII.
Cookies.
Dizmo may use cookies when operating the Website, dizmoStore and dizmoServices and the Software.
Cookies are packets of information sent by dizmo’s servers to your web browser and then sent back by the browser.
Dizmo may use cookies for various purposes, for example, to save you the need to re-enter your password each time you login, to facilitate the use of the Website, dizmoServices and the Software, to collect information for statistical and analytical purposes, to verify information, to customize the Website, dizmoServices and the Software to your personal preferences and for information security purposes.
Some of the cookies may expire when the session ends and you exit your browser.
Other cookies may be stored on your computer’s hard drive.
If you wish to block the cookies, then please use the help button in your browser and follow the necessary instructions.
However, bear in mind that disabling cookies may complicate or even prevent your use of Website, dizmoServices, the Software, or certain features thereof.
The Website uses Google Analytics, Piwik and other tools.
This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Dizmo and does not cover the use of cookies by other tool providers.
VIII.
How can you access your personal information.
Dizmo makes it easy for you to keep your personal information accurate, complete, and up to date.
If you have a valid dizmoID, then you may access your personal account and edit or amend your basic set of personal information stored by us at any time by logging into our Website.
If you find that the information on your personal account is not accurate, complete or updated, then you may make all necessary changes to correct it.
If you wish to access transactional or other data about you and processed by us, if any, then please provide us with a written access request and a valid identification.
We will review your request and respond to it in due time.
The same shall apply with regard to requests for correction and deletion.
We may decline to process requests that are frivolous/vexatious, jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required by local law.
For access, correction, or deletion requests you may contact Dizmo support.
IX.
International Transfers.
All the information you provide to Dizmo may be transferred or accessed by Dizmo entities and third parties around the world, including from within countries that do not provide for an adequate level of data protection.
Please note that personal information in connection with the Website, the Software and the Dizmo Services is collected and controlled by dizmo AG, and processed and stored on its behalf by a third party provider with data centers in Switzerland and Germany.
X.
Privacy Questions.
If you have any questions or concerns about Dizmo’s privacy policy or data processing or if you would like to make a complaint about a possible breach of local privacy laws, please contact Dizmo support.
All such communications are examined and replies issued where appropriate as soon as possible.
If you are unsatisfied with the reply received, you may refer your complaint to the relevant regulator in your jurisdiction.
If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
XI.
Changes.
We may update our privacy policy at from time to time.
When we change our privacy policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our Website along with the updated privacy policy.
Any new policy shall automatically be effective when it is published on the Website, or notified to you.
Last updated.
January 25, 2019.
Menu 1.
Team.
Contact.
Menu 2.
Blog.
Video gallery.
Menu 3.
Press kit.
Press archive.
Menu 4.
LinkedIn.
Twitter.
Facebook.
Github.
Instagram.
YouTube.
Register.
Login.
Reset password.
©2021 dizmo AG, Switzerland.
All rights reserved.
dizmo™ and the Interface of Things™ are trademarks of dizmo AG.
Privacy Policy.
