Duwei Privacy Policy.
DUWEI believes the greatest loyalty to our user brings real long-term benefits.
The maximum protection and minimum intervention of the user's private data can reflect one of our core value of "user-oriented thinking".
We do promise that all users' private data will only be used for providing services to that user only, or for the maintenance and experience optimization purpose, and will never be shared to any 3rd-party organization, company or person.
This Privacy Policy mainly explains.
What information we collect.
How we use that information and Your Rights.
Should you have any queries, please contact us.
1.
Information We Collect.
Based on the principle of lawfulness, fairness and necessity, we will only collect the following information that is necessary for the purpose of achieving the product's function.
1.
1 Information you provide to us.
For example, the account name, phone number, any feature or business attributes, geometry data of a layer, etc.
, which will only be stored and used for providing you with related functions and services, e.
g.
viewing data on the map.
1.
2 Information we may collect when you use our services.
1.
2.
1 Service Logs.
We may automatically collect and store relevant information as the service log when you use our services.
Device Information.
For example, device model, operating system version, the unique device identifier ("UDID"), battery, signal strength, and other information.
Software Information.
For example, software version and browser type.
To ensure the security of the operating environment or to provide the necessary services, we will collect information in relation to your usage of mobile applications and other software.
IP Address.
Service Logs.
For example, information collected when you use our services to search or view, crash logs information, recommended sites and other information.
1.
2.
2 Location data.
We may collect location data of your device when you use the location-related services, in order to provide relevant service for you.
We may collect your geographic location data via IP address, GPS, Wi-Fi, or base station when you use the services.
Geographic location data provided by you or by other users when using the services.
For example, the location data detailed in your account, or geographical indications contained in photos shared by you or other users.
2.
How We Use the Information We Collect.
Subject to applicable laws and regulations or agreements with users, we may use the collected information in the following ways.
If we use your information for purposes beyond the following purposes, we will explain to you again and ask for consent.
2.
1 To provide you with our services.
2.
2 To meet your customized needs.
For example, customized functions or services released for business.
2.
3 Product development and optimization.
For example, when our systems have malfunctions, we will record and analyze the information generated when the system crashes, so as to further optimize our services.
2.
4 To ensure security.
For example, we will use your information for identity authentication, safety precautions, anti-fraud monitoring, storage and backup, customer safety service and other applications.
For example, the safety software downloaded or installed by you will detect malicious programs or viruses, or identify fraudulent information.
2.
5 To manage software.
For example, software certification and software updates, etc.
3.
How to Manage Your Own Information.
3.
1 You may access, amend and delete information provided by you during using our services, or contact us via the notice guidelines.
The scope and the way in which you access, amend or delete your personal information depend on the service you use.
For example, when using geography related service, to stop sharing your geographical information, you can stop it by turning off cellphone positioning function, or according to methods provided by software and hardware service providers and communication service providers.
Please read relevant guidance carefully.
3.
2 We will collect and use your information only for achieving the functions of our products or services in accordance with this policy.
If you find that our collection or use of your personal information is not in accordance with the laws, administrative regulations or the agreement of both parties, you can require us to delete such information.
If you find that we have collected or stored your wrong personal information, you can also require us to correct it.
Please contact us via the contact details listed in this Privacy Policy.
3.
3 For account security purposes, we may ask you to verify your identity before we allow you to access, amend and delete relevant information.
3.
4 Please understand that due to technical limitations, legal or regulatory requirements, we may not be able to meet all your requests.
We endeavor to respond to your requests within a reasonable period of time.
4.
Information We May Send to You.
4.
1 Push notifications.
When you use our services, we may send emails, text messages, news or push notifications to you.
You may follow the relevant notice to unsubscribe on the device.
4.
2 Service announcements.
We may send you announcements related to service if necessary (for example, the suspension of certain service due to system maintenance).
You may not be able to cancel these non-promotional service-related announcements.
5.
Place and Period of Information Retention.
5.
1 Where we store information.
We will store users personal information collected within mainland China within the territory in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
5.
2 Period of information retention.
In general, we will retain your personal information in the shortest possible time to fulfill the purpose of collection of such information.
However, for the following purposes, we may change the retention period for the purposes of compliance.
Should the operation of our products or service terminate, we will inform you in the form of push notifications, announcements, etc.
, and delete or anonymize your personal information within a reasonable period of time.
6.
Information Security.
We take security measures to protect your information against loss, improper use, unauthorized access or disclosure.
6.
1 We will strictly protect users communication in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations.
6.
2 We will work within the reasonable security standards and use a variety of security measures to protect the security of information.
For example, we will use encryption technologies (such as TLS, SSL), anonymization and other means to protect your personal information.
6.
3 We have established a specialized management, process and organization system to ensure information security.
For example, we strictly restrict the scope of personnel who can access information, and require them to comply with their confidentiality obligations and conduct audits.
6.
4 In the event of a breach of security incident of personal information, we will activate the emergency response plan to prevent the expansion of such security incident and inform you in the form of push notifications, public announcements and etc.
7.
Application Scope.
All of our services are subject to this Privacy Policy.
However, some services have their own specific privacy guidance/statement, such specific privacy guidance/statement describe how we process your information in the service more specifically.
If this Privacy Policy is inconsistent with the privacy guidance/statement of a particular service, the privacy policy of that particular service shall prevail.
8.
Contact Us.
Should you have any enquiries in relation to this Privacy Policy or other related matters, please contact us via .
9.
Changes to Privacy Policy.
We may update and revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, and if such changes result in a substantial impairment of your rights under this Privacy policy, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail and by reminding you at a prominent place on the webpage before the changes take effect.
Under such circumstances, if you continue to use our services, you will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by the updated policy.
Last updated.
Oct 16, 2018.
