Home.
Extensions.
Community.
Blog.
Learn.
Support.
Buy Now.
Privacy Policy.
We value your privacy a lot.
At Eagle, we have always been committed to maintaining the trust and confidence our visitors have on our Eagle application, Eagle community, websites, browser extension, and customer support.
In particular, we want you to know that Eagle is not in the business of selling, renting, or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes.
We just don’t do that sort of thing.
In this Privacy Policy, we’ve provided lots of detailed information on when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, along with how we keep it secure.
By using our website and/or software and/or browser extension and/or Eagle community and/or customer support, you are agreeing the terms of this Privacy Policy.
The Information We Collect & The Purpose.
You will be asked to provide us with your Personal Data which may include your name, email address, payment information and other contact details when you.
Use our website and browser extension.
Signup and participate in the forums and Eagle Community.
Subscribe to our email newsletters.
Send us customer support requests.
Purchase our licenses/products.
The collected information will only be used for the following purposes.
To understand the usage patterns and to improve our website.
To allow us to troubleshoot, improve our software and website.
To communicate with you in response to your requests via emails, forum and Eagle Community.
To inform you of news and updates with regards to our software through email.
To notify you about changes to our software.
How We Use them.
We will not use any Personal Information other than for the purpose for which it was collected other than your permission.
We may share the personal data we collect and receive on a need-to-know basis with the following third parties.
Our service providers.
Competent public authorities or other third parties, if required by law or reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property and safety of ourselves or others.
We do not sell, rent or trade your personal data.
The following are the service we provided and how we use the data collected by our service.
Eagle App.
All content of Eagle app database is saved on your local hard drive.
This data is not publicly available online on the Internet.
Eagle will never upload your content to the web.
Anonymized App Usage.
We use Google Analytics to analyze our application usage.
This information is used solely to help us improve Eagle and our service.
The information collected is not personally identifiable.
We do not collect any personally-identifiable information, and we do not collect any information stored on your websites.
Should you have any questions about the anonymized usage information that we collect, please contact us and we’ll be happy to answer any questions you might have.
Please note that, due to the fact that none of the usage data we collect can be traced back to an individual user, we are unable to process any requests to remove information which may have previously been submitted as we cannot identify any individual user data.
Eagle Browser Extension.
All content Eagle Browser Extension collected such as text, images, sounds, videos, or hyperlinks are used in Eagle App, we will not use any information other than for the core purpose for which it was collected without your permission.
Our Eagle Browser Extension is clean.
We don’t ship junk, spyware, malware, advertisement in the browser extension or to third parties, outside of the approved use cases unless it is necessary for security purposes (e.
g.
, investigating abuse) or to comply with applicable laws.
Website & Eagle Community.
All of our website traffic is transferred via HTTPS to help keeping your browsing safe.
This includes the Eagle website, Eagle Community, our Online Store and the Eagle Forum.
Cookies.
When accessing Eagle website, Eagle Community, our Online Store and the Eagle Forum.
it acquires certain information about you during your visit.
How we handle the acquired information from you depends upon what you do when visiting our site.
If you visit our site only to read or download information on our pages, only the following information about you will be collected.
The domain name of the website you are currently visiting.
The date and time you accessed our site.
The Internet address of the website you are visiting.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website.
The Google Analytics Advertising Features is implemented.
If you reveal your identity via an email containing personal information, then the information collected will be solely used to respond to your message.
The information collected serves only for statistical purposes.
Eagle website, Eagle Community, our Online Store and the Eagle Forum may use software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to different sections of our site, and what information our visitors are interested in the most and the least , to allow us to determine technical design specifications, and identify system performance issues.
Eagle website, Eagle Community, our Online Store and the Eagle Forum will not obtain personally-identifiable information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us, nor will such information be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without consent of the user at the time of collection.
Links to Other Sites.
Eagle’s website and Eagle Community service may contain links to other sites.
If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site.
Please note that these external sites are not operated by us.
Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Newsletter.
We may send newsletter and promotions of our software via MailChimp occasionally.
You could subscribe to the newsletter via our website, Eagle Community website or in app.
This information is used due to the following reason.
to inform you about things you’ve asked us.
to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information.
to update our service and every now and then check if you’re happy and satisfied.
We don’t rent or trade email lists with other organizations and businesses.
We also gather statistics from email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our services.
You can unsubscribe from this list at any time by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of all emails from us.
Alternatively you can contact us and we'll do it manually for you.
You can read more about MailChimp and GDPR here.
Communication & Customer Service.
To allow us to identify your queries, troubleshoot, help you access to our services or for Customer Support, we may receive additional information about you such as your contact information and the contents of your communication.
We uses HelpScout services to improve our software and website during this communication.
The information is used according to the following.
Personal & Contact Information.
We may collect information such as your name, email address, telephone, residential address, business and postal address and other information that allows us to contact, identify or file an invoice when you required.
Payment Information.
We may collect payment information related to you such as transaction details but not limit to other related payment information.
Payments information provided by you will be stored and processed by Paypal, Eagle does not have right to obtain.
All such information is subject to the privacy policy of Paypal available here.
Information you sends us.
We may collect any personal correspondence including troubleshooting, software error log, feature wishlist, events content but not limit to images, files, screenshots, screen-recordings and other system specs informations.
All of the information you shared are for us to advance our services, we do not sell, rent or trade your personal data.
You can read more about Helpscout Privacy Policy here.
Access to your personal information.
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold.
Email your request to our data protection officer at [email protected] and we’ll do our best to locate all the information we have on you.
This will likely be a list of purchases along with any forum posts, Eagle Community post or customer support requests you may have made.
Policy Modifications.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time and any amended Privacy Policy will be posted on our website.
Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.
We will notify you of the update via email, where appropriate.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on March 31th 2022 and replaces any other preceding Privacy Policies before this date.
Contact Us.
If you have any comments or inquiries about the information in this Privacy, if you would like us to update your personal data, please contact us by email at [email protected].
EagleStoreDownloadRoadmapEducationGet Free License.
Eagle.
Store.
Download.
Roadmap.
Education.
Get Free License.
FunctionExtensionTagsFolderSmart FolderColor FilterQuick SwitchQuickly organizeRatingPassword ProtectionGIF ViewerFont ManagementAudio ManagementVideo Management.
Function.
Extension.
Tags.
Folder.
Smart Folder.
Color Filter.
Quick Switch.
Quickly organize.
Rating.
Password Protection.
GIF Viewer.
Font Management.
Audio Management.
Video Management.
Get HelpHelp CenterFAQsTroubleshootingRecover Purchased LicenseContact usPrivacyEULA.
Get Help.
Help Center.
FAQs.
Troubleshooting.
Recover Purchased License.
Contact us.
Privacy.
EULA.
ResourcesGet StartedDocumentsTips & TricksCommunityBlogEagle APICooperationAffiliate ProgramContributeSponsorshipMedia Kit.
Resources.
Get Started.
Documents.
Tips & Tricks.
Community.
Blog.
Eagle API.
Cooperation.
Affiliate Program.
Contribute.
Sponsorship.
Media Kit.
Follow Us Twitter Facebook Instagram.
Follow Us.
Twitter.
Facebook.
Instagram.
Home.
Extensions.
Learn.
Community.
Blog.
Support.
Buy Now.
