Privacy Policy.
Updated.
March 16, 2022.
This is the Privacy Policy (Hereby known as “Privacy Policy”) of HomeStack Inc.
Formerly Exuro Marketing Concepts, LLC (Hereby known as “HOMESTACK”) Technology and Software products which includes mobile applications, websites, documents and files, sales agreements, etc, (Hereby known as “Technology”).
This policy is an all encompassing policy that includes all current HomeStack Technology as well as future products and software that have yet to be created and or delivered.
Our Privacy Policy explains.
● What information we collect    ● How we collect it    ● How we use that information    ● How we protect that information    ● Additional information.
We’ve tried to keep it as simple as possible, but if you’re not familiar with terms like cookies, IP addresses, pixel tags and browsers, then read about these key terms first.
Your privacy matters to HOMESTACK so whether you are new to HOMESTACK or a long time user, please do take the time to get to know our practices – and if you have any questions contact us.
HOMESTACK will comply with this Privacy Policy and applicable U.
S.
privacy laws in providing the Services.
It is important that you read this Privacy Policy prior to accessing, downloading or otherwise using the Technology and the related software products and the related intellectual property embodied therein.
Do not use the Services if you do not accept this Privacy Policy.
This means that you should promptly cease accessing or otherwise using the Services and exit this page before downloading, accessing, using, subscribing or installing any Services.
Use of the Services will be deemed acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
HOMESTACK Technology collects some Personal Data from its Users depending on the product(s) and software.
What Information and Data We Collect.
Types of Data collected by HomeStack Technology, by itself or through third parties, are.
First name, last name, phone number, email address, other various types of Data, usage data, general activity data, contacts, cookies and other vital data such as geographic position, username, address, profession, company name, country, state, province, picture, city and website, IP Address, device type, etc (collectively known as “Personal Data”).
Other Personal Data collected may be described in other sections of this privacy policy or by dedicated explanation text contextually with the Data collection.
Not all the above data is collected for each Technology user.
Data collected will be dependent on the relationship between the user and HOMESTACK and the desired usage of the Technology.
The above list is a comprehensive list that encompasses major data collection categories.
Sharing with Others.
HOMESTACK Technology may allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend, colleague or other individual of your choosing, such as an email or text inviting your friend to use our Services or property information.
Email addresses and phone numbers that you may provide for a friend or colleague will be used to send your friend or colleague the content or link you request in accordance with applicable law.
Interactive Features.
HOMESTACK Technology may offer interactive features such as chat services, schedule viewing, contact an agent, and other interactive services.
We may collect the information you submit or make available through these features.
Any content you provide on the public sections of these channels will be considered "public" and will not be subject to the privacy protections referenced herein.
Our Technology communicates with our servers via two main URLs.
bkapi.
homestack.
com for general mobile application use and bkchat.
homestack.
com for chat messages and services.
Other URLs may be added in the future.
De-Identified and Aggregated Information.
We may use Personal Information and other information about you to create de-identified and/or aggregated information, such as de-identified location information, de-identified or aggregated trends, reports, or statistics, information about the computer or device from which you access our Services, or other analyses we create.
De-identified and aggregated information is used for    a variety of functions, including the measurement of visitors' interest in and use of various portions or features of the Sites and Services.
De-identified and aggregated information is not Personal Information, and we may use and disclose such information in a number of ways, including research, internal analysis, analytics, and any other legally permissible purpose.
How We Collect It.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using HOMESTACK’S Technology.
At times, personal data may be provided by third parties and/or third parties may be used to verify/confirm current data collected and used.
De-Identified and Aggregated Information is collected during standard usage under legally permissible circumstances.
At times HOMESTACK will us Cookies.
Cookies are bits of electronic information that can be transferred to a computer to uniquely identify that computer’s browser.
Cookies provide us with a unique anonymous feature that we can use in identifying and enhancing the use of our Technology.
For instance, we use cookies to backfill data as a user moves from tool to tool or search to search.
When a registered user returns to the Technology, we can return them to the areas and search results in which they are most interested.
We sometimes use outside companies to provide technology and these companies may place cookies on your devices.
These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other applications.
We do not have access to these cookies or any information that they may contain.
Web Beacons & Pixel Tracking are occasionally used by HOMESTACK Technology.
Web beacons are electronic files that are used to count users who have visited our Services or to identify certain cookies on the computers accessing our Technology.
Tracking pixels are used to identify specific usage and “clicks” on a particular page or site.
You may restrict the information provided to HOMESTACK.
For example, you may decline to provide us with your accurate or correct personal information, disable cookies and use security software to prevent the storage of cookies.
Restricting information will however materially reduce and diminish the value of the Technology we provide to you.
How we Use That Information.
HomeStack Technology uses personal data of users to provide the best experience possible while using the Technology.
HOMESTACK also collects information to enable its 3rd-party Licensee’s and business partners to provide services to you, such as Real Estate Brokers & Agents who provide brokerage and real estate services.
The following is a list of examples on how we use your personal data to enhance your experience.
● Personal information is used to curtail and customize information and data displayed and relayed through HomeStack Technology.
This information allows for users to save and share results and obtain additional information when requested.
Additionally, we are legally required to know your identity to make certain information available to you such as MLS data.
● Usage and activity is used to provide both HOMESTACK and the 3rd Party Technology Licensees to provide the best user experience possible.
This information allows for a HOMESTACK to provide the most relevant and up to date information to users and allow Licensees to provide the best service possible to all users.
● Property Information.
Knowing what type of property you are interested in is important to a 3rd Party Technology Licensee such as a REALTOR® or Real Estate Professional providing brokerage services to you in tandem with HOMESTACK, or if receiving financial guidance from a lender.
Once again, this information is vital to our 3rd-party Technology Licensees & Business Partners to help you with your real estate needs.
● De-Identified and Aggregated data are used to improve the application and streamline future features, enhancements and bug fixes.
We recognize that maintaining the privacy of your personal information is important, and for this reason we do not share any of your personal information with additional third parties outside of our direct 3rd-Party Licensees and Business Partners.
We will not sell your personal information to any other third-party or share your information with telemarketing companies or direct mail companies, and adhere to principles of mutual respect.
HOMESTACK may be compensated by its 3rd-party Technology Licensees & Business Partners for the Licensed use of the Technology.
These terms of use are located at .
Our business model is not fully supported by advertising and should we work with advertisers or advertising technology we would do this to provide high quality services to you.
We would seek to make advertising relevant to you, which we are able to do based on the information we collect during your use of our Technology.
It is important to understand that by using the Technology and agreeing to the collection practices above, you authorize HOMESTACK to share all personal information with our 3rd-Party Technology Licensees & Business Partners.
Additionally you give these 3rd-Party Licensees & Business Partners explicit permission to contact you in regards to your activity.
If you use the “contact” buttons or “schedule a viewing” features, you are giving HOMESTACK explicit permission to connect you with that 3rd-Party Licensee & Business Partner and provide them your personal information.
Please note that HOMESTACK is not a Real Estate Services Company and does not provide any such services.
All services are provided by the Technology Licensee, who is a real estate professional.
HOMESTACK makes no claims or warranties related to these real estate services.
Real Estate is a highly regulated industry that varies state by state.
It is your responsibility to follow all local regulations and utilize a Licensed Real Estate Agent and/or Brokerage for all Real Estate Services.
How We Protect Your Information.
HOMESTACK takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated.
In addition HOMESTACK, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by HOMESTACK.
Personally identifiable information collected by HOMESTACK is stored in operating environments that are not available to the public.
This information is not stored on the Internet but on HOMESTACK secure cloud servers.
We take reasonable steps to protect this data and limit access to it.
Additional Information Removal of Technology.
Users have the right and ability to remove and/or delete all Technology from their devices at any time through standard program uninstall practices.
This will stop the collection of all data going forward.
Deletion of Account and/or Data.
Users can request that all their account(s) and all data be deleted and purged from the technology.
This can be completed by clicking the Delete User Profile button inside the menu screen of the mobile application or the online dashboard.
For those who have not created an account on the technology but provided information or have another non-user based account, this can be done by sending an email to .
Other Sites & 3rd-Party Licensees & Business Partners sites.
HOMESTACK may present advertisements or links to third parties such as our 3rd-party Licensees & Business Partners.
When you click on these links or enter information, you may be transferred to an advertiser or third-party’s Website.
HOMESTACK has no control over the privacy practices or information that these sites may request of you.
We are not and cannot be held responsible for the privacy practices or content by these entities.
Legal action.
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the HOMESTACK in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Technology or the related software services.
The User declares to be aware that the HOMESTACK may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
System logs and maintenance.
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
How “Do Not Track” or “Do not collect data” requests are handled.
This Application does not support these types of requests.
If you do not wish to have your information used and your data tracked please leave the Technology now as you do not agree to the terms of this privacy policy.
Changes to this privacy policy.
HOMESTACK reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page and possibly within its Technology and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the HOMESTACK.
It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
For previous privacy policy version, please email with the title “Previous Privacy Policies Request”.
