Edge2Web for AWS IoT SiteWise is here.
Watch the webinar replay >.
Support.
Sales.
Follow E2W.
Why Edge2Web.
Products Edge2Web Platform for Siemens MindSpherefor AWS IoT SiteWiseEdge2Web DirectorEdge2Web Flow ServerEdge2Web System Status.
Edge2Web Platform for Siemens MindSpherefor AWS IoT SiteWise.
for Siemens MindSphere.
for AWS IoT SiteWise.
Edge2Web Director.
Edge2Web Flow Server.
Edge2Web System Status.
Solutions Smart FactoryMachine BuildersSystems Integrators.
Smart Factory.
Machine Builders.
Systems Integrators.
Pricing Edge2Web DirectorEdge2Web Flow Server.
Edge2Web Director.
Edge2Web Flow Server.
Live Apps.
E2W Blog.
About Us.
Edge2Web Privacy Policy.
Introduction.
Our privacy policy will help you understand what information we collect at Edge2Web, how Edge2Web uses it, and what choices you have.
When we talk about “Edge2Web,” “we,” “our,” or “us” in this policy, we are referring to Edge2Web, Inc.
, the company which provides the Services.
When we talk about the “Services” in this policy, we are referring to our cloud-based application development and runtime platform, as well as our commercial website.
Our Services are currently available for use via a web browser.
Information we collect and receive.
1.
Customer Data.
Content, meta-data, and information submitted by users to the Services is referred to in this policy as“Customer Data.
” As further explained below, Customer Data is controlled by the entity or other third party that administers an Edge2Web customer organization (the “Customer”).
Where Edge2Web collects or processes Customer Data, it does so on behalf of the Customer.
If you join a Customer organization and create a user account on the Edge2Web Services, or if you access the Edge2Web Services via single sign-on from an environment that is hosting the Edge2Web Services,  you are a “user,” as further described in the User Terms of Service.
If you are using the Services by permission of a Customer, whether that Customer is your employer, another organization, or an individual, that Customer determines its own policies regarding storage, access, modification, deletion, sharing, and retention of Customer Data which may apply to your use of the Services.
Please check with the Customer about the policies and settings it has in place.
2.
Other information.
Edge2Web may also collect the following information.
Account creation information.
Users provide information such as an email address and password to create an account.
Organization setup information.
When a Customer creates a tenant organization using the Services, we collect an email address, an organization name (such as org-name.
edge2web.
com), domain details, user name for the individual setting up the tenant organization, and password.
Billing and other information.
For Customers that purchase a paid version of the Services, our corporate affiliates and our third party payment processors may collect and store billing address and credit card information on our behalf.
Services usage information.
This is information about how you are accessing and using the Services, which may include administrative and support communications with us and information about the tenants, platforms, people, features, content, and links you interact with, and what third party integrations you use (if any).
Uploaded data.
Any files you choose to upload are stored using the Services.
Log data.
When you use the Services our servers automatically record information, including information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website or your mobile app sends when you are using it.
This log data may include your Internet Protocol address, the address of the web page you visited before using the Services, the web pages you visit while using the Services, your browser type and settings, the date and time of your use of the Services, information about your browser configuration and plug-ins, language preferences, and cookie data.
Device information.
We may collect information about the device you are using the Services on, including what type of device it is, what operating system you are using, device settings, application IDs, unique device identifiers, and crash data.
Whether we collect some or all of this information often depends on what type of device you are using and its settings.
Services integrations.
If, when using the Services, you integrate with a third party service, we will connect that service to ours using the access credentials you provide to us.
We may store your access credentials to those third party services if doing so is required to enable integration to them.
Website analytics.
We use web analytics tools provided by service partners such as Google Analytics to collect information about how you interact with our website, including what pages you visit, what site you visited prior to visiting our website, how much time you spend on each page, what operating system and web browser you use and network and IP information.
We use the information provided by these tools to improve our Services.
These tools place persistent cookies in your browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our website.
Each cookie cannot be used by anyone other than the service provider (ex.
Google for Google Analytics).
The information collected from the cookie may be transmitted to and stored by these service partners on servers in a country other than the country in which you reside.
Though information collected does not include personal data such as name, address, billing information, etc.
, the information collected is used and shared by these service providers in accordance with their individual privacy policies.
Our Cookie Policy.
Edge2Web uses cookies and similar technologies like single-pixel gifs and web beacons to record log data.
We use both session-based and persistent cookies.
Cookies are small text files sent by us to your computer and from your computer or mobile device to us each time you visit our website or use our Services.
They are unique to your account or your browser.
Session-based cookies last only while your browser is open and are automatically deleted when you close your browser.
Persistent cookies last until you or your browser delete them or until they expire.
Some cookies are associated with your account and personal information, allowing us to remember and manage your account logins.
Other cookies are not tied to your account but are unique and allow us to conduct site analytics and customization, among other similar things.
If you access the Services through your browser, you can manage your cookie settings there but if you disable some or all cookies you may not be able to use the Services.
Edge2Web sets and accesses our own cookies on the domains operated by Edge2Web, Inc.
In addition, we use third parties like Google Analytics for website analytics.
You may opt-out of third party cookies from Google Analytics on its website.
We do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals as there is no consistent industry standard for compliance.
How we use your information.
We use your information to provide and improve the Services.
1.
Customer Data.
Edge2Web may access and use Customer Data as reasonably necessary and in accordance with Customer’s instructions to (a) provide, maintain and improve the Services.
(b) to prevent or address service, security, technical issues or at a Customer’s request in connection with customer support matters.
(c) as required by law or as permitted by the Data Request Policy and (d) as set forth in our agreement with the Customer or as expressly permitted in writing by the Customer.
Additional information about Edge2Web’s confidentiality and security practices with respect to Customer Data is available on our Security Practices page.
2.
Other information.
We use other kinds of information in providing the Services.
Specifically.
To understand and improve our Services.
We carry out research and analyze trends to better understand how users are using the Services and improve them.
To communicate with you by.
Responding to your requests.
If you contact us with a problem or question, we will use your information to respond.
Sending emails and Edge2Web messages.
We may send you Service and administrative emails and messages.
We may also contact you to inform you about changes in our Services, our Service offerings, and important Service related notices, such as security and fraud notices.
These emails and messages are considered part of the Services and you may not opt-out of them.
In addition, we sometimes send emails about new product features or other news about Edge2Web.
You can opt out of these at any time.
Responding to your requests.
If you contact us with a problem or question, we will use your information to respond.
Sending emails and Edge2Web messages.
We may send you Service and administrative emails and messages.
We may also contact you to inform you about changes in our Services, our Service offerings, and important Service related notices, such as security and fraud notices.
These emails and messages are considered part of the Services and you may not opt-out of them.
In addition, we sometimes send emails about new product features or other news about Edge2Web.
You can opt out of these at any time.
Billing and account management.
We use account data to administer accounts and keep track of billing and payments.
Communicating with you and marketing.
We often need to contact you for invoicing, account management and similar reasons.
We may also use your contact information for our own marketing or advertising programs.
You can opt out of these programs at any time.
Investigating and preventing bad things from happening.
We work hard to keep the Services secure and to prevent abuse and fraud.
This policy is not intended to place any limits on what we do with data that is aggregated and/or de-identified so it is no longer associated with an identifiable user or Customer of the Services.
Your choices.
1.
Customer Data.
Customer provides us with instructions on what to do with Customer Data.
A Customer has a variety of choices and control over Customer Data.
For example, Customer may provision or disable user access to the Services, enable or disable third party integrations, and manage user permissions.
2.
Other information.
If you have uploaded data files to be stored and used by the Services, you can access and delete your uploaded data files using these instructions.
If you have any questions about your information, our use of this information, or your rights when it comes to any of the foregoing, contact us at .
Other Choices.
In addition, the browser you use may provide you with the ability to control cookies or other types of local data storage.
Your mobile device may provide you with choices around how and whether location or other data is collected and shared.
Edge2Web does not control these choices, or default settings, which are offered by makers of your browser or mobile device operating system.
Sharing and Disclosure.
There are times when information described in this privacy policy may be shared by Edge2Web.
This section discusses only how Edge2Web may share such information.
Customers determine their own policies for the sharing and disclosure of Customer Data.
Edge2Web does not control how Customers or their third parties choose to share or disclose Customer Data.
1.
Customer Data.
Edge2Web may share Customer Data in accordance with our agreement with the Customer and the Customer’s instructions, including.
With third party service providers and agents.
We may engage third party companies or individuals to process Customer Data.
With affiliates.
We may engage affiliates in our corporate group to process Customer Data.
With third party integrations.
Edge2Web may, acting on our Customer’s behalf, share Customer Data with the provider of an integration added by Customer.
Edge2Web is not responsible for how the provider of an integration may collect, use, and share Customer Data.
2.
Other information.
Edge2Web may share other information as follows.
About you with the Customer.
There may be times when you contact Edge2Web to help resolve an issue specific to a Customer tenant of which you are a member.
In order to help resolve the issue and given our relationship with our Customer, we may share your concern with our Customer.
With third party service providers and agents.
We may engage third party companies or individuals, such as third party payment processors, to process information on our behalf.
With affiliates.
We may engage affiliates in our corporate group to process other information.
3.
Other types of disclosure.
Edge2Web may share or disclose Customer Data and other information as follows.
During changes to our business structure.
If we engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, sale of some or all of Edge2Web’s assets, financing, acquisition of all or a portion of our business, a similar transaction or proceeding, or steps in contemplation of such activities (e.
g.
due diligence).
To comply with laws.
To comply with legal or regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests, court orders and legal process.
To enforce our rights, prevent fraud and for safety.
To protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of us or third parties, including enforcing contracts or policies, or in connection with investigating and preventing fraud.
To reveal aggregated or anonymized insights.
We may disclose or use aggregate or anonymized information for any purpose.
For example, we may share aggregated or anonymized information with others for business or research purposes, such as partnering with a research firm to explore topics about industrial internet adoption.
4.
Transfer of personal data abroad.
If you utilize our Services from a country other than the country where our servers are located, your communications with us may result in transferring your personal data across international borders.
Also, when you call us or initiate a chat, we may provide you with support from one of our global locations outside your country of origin.
In these cases, your personal data is handled according to this Privacy Policy.
Security.
Edge2Web takes security seriously.
We use various methods to protect information you provide to us from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access or disclosure.
These methods take into account the sensitivity of the information we collect, process and store, and the current state of technology.
To learn more about current practices and policies regarding security and confidentiality of Customer Data and other information, please see our Security Practices.
we keep that document updated as these practices evolve over time.
Changes to this Privacy Policy.
We may change this policy from time to time, and if we do we will post any changes on this page.
If you continue to use the Services after those changes are in effect, you agree to the revised policy.
Contacting Edge2Web.
Please also feel free to contact us at if you have any questions about Edge2Web’s Privacy Policy or practices.
© 2022 Edge2Web, Inc.
Contact Us.
Privacy Policy.
