Products.
Customers.
Learn.
Company.
Pricing.
Already have an account.
Log in.
Have questions.
Contact us.
Solutions.
Workplace, website, and app search.
Unified logs, metrics, and APM data.
SIEM, endpoint, and threat hunting.
Elastic (ELK) Stack.
Store, search, analyze.
Visualize, navigate, share.
Managed Elasticsearch service.
New.
8.
2 Release.
Deploy now.
View integrations.
View all products.
Tutorials, updates, people.
Product guides.
ElasticON, meetups, virtual events.
Tutorials and customer testimonials.
Groups, forums, code.
Project acceleration packages.
Customer guidance and resources.
Critical skill-building and certification.
Featured topics.
Upgrade the Elastic Stack.
Watch video.
Our story, teams, Source Code.
Case studies, videos, blogs.
Peruse our opportunities.
Find or become a partner.
Results, filings, resources.
Recognizing remarkable work.
News.
Elastic is a search company.
Watch video.
Contact.
Login.
Try Free.
GDPR compliance and Elasticsearch.
The European Union's (EU) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is now in effect.
Learn about security and deployment best practices to get your Elasticsearch data compliant with GDPR guidelines.
Talk with an Elastic expert about getting GDPR-ready with the Elastic Stack.
MarketoFEForm.
Get your Elasticsearch data GDPR-compliant.
Whether you are using Elasticsearch for application search or as a centralized logging platform, there is a strong chance that you are dealing with data that is classified as personal data by GDPR guidelines, with strict requirements on how it's secured and processed.
Learn how you can use Elastic Stack features, from role-based access control to data encryption, to get your Elasticsearch data ready for GDPR.
Access controls.
Implement role-based access control, down to the field level, to ensure that only authorized persons can access GDPR Personal Data in your Elasticsearch cluster.
Monitor access and breaches.
Combine Elasticsearch audit and access logs with machine learning and alerting jobs to get proactive with access monitoring and breach detection.
Pseudonymization.
Use Logstash fingerprint filter to replace personal data with hashed values.
Encryption.
Enable TLS / SSL to secure your data in transit from snooping and tampering.
Resilience and disaster recovery.
Guard against loss of data with default index replication and horizontally scalable clustering.
Use the Elastic Stack to get GDPR-compliant.
GDPR mandates that you "shall implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk.
" One well-accepted technical measure that organizations take is the centralized logging and analysis of all security-related information.
Many organizations are using the Elastic Stack as their central security analytics platform for real-time analysis of security information at scale.
USAA secured their entire internal network and application portfolio.
Learn More.
Barclays created a centralized security function to protect the global enterprise.
Learn More.
Slack built a defensive security program to monitor malicious activity.
Learn More.
Get started on your GDPR journey.
Get a comprehensive view of how Elastic can help on your journey to GDPR compliance with this white paper.
Subscribe to our newsletter.
Products & Solutions.
Enterprise Search.
Observability.
Security.
Elastic Stack.
Elasticsearch.
Kibana.
Integrations.
Subscriptions.
Pricing.
Company.
CareersWe're hiring.
We're hiring.
Board of Directors.
Contact.
Resources.
Documentation.
What is the ELK Stack.
What is Elasticsearch.
Migrating from Splunk.
Compare AWS Elasticsearch.
Public Sector.
Language.
Trademarks.
Terms of Use.
Privacy.
Sitemap.
© 2022.
Elasticsearch B.
V.
All Rights Reserved.
Elasticsearch is a trademark of Elasticsearch B.
V.
, registered in the U.
S.
and in other countries.
Apache, Apache Lucene, Apache Hadoop, Hadoop, HDFS and the yellow elephant logo are trademarks of the Apache Software Foundation in the United States and/or other countries.
© 2022.
Elasticsearch B.
V.
All Rights Reserved.
