URlink Privacy Policy.
embedUR (us, we, or our) operates the URlinkmobile application (Services).
This page informs you of our policies regardingthe collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Servicesand the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve theServices.
By using the Services, you agree to the collection and use ofinformation in accordance with this policy.
Unless otherwise defined in thisPrivacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as inour Terms of Use.
Information Collection And Use.
We collect several different types ofinformation for various purposes to provide and improve our Services to you.
Types of Data Collected.
Personal Data.
While using our Services, we may ask you toprovide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used tocontact or identify you (Personal Data).
Personally identifiable informationmay include, but is not limited to.
·        Email address.
·        First name and last name.
·        Phone number.
·        Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City.
·        Cookies and Usage Data.
Usage Data.
We may also collect information that yourbrowser sends when you access the Services through a mobile device (UsageData).
This Usage Data may include information such asthe type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP addressof your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobileInternet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data.
We use cookies and similar tracking technologiesto track the activity on our Services and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of datawhich may include an anonymous unique identifier.
Cookies are sent to yourbrowser from a website and stored on your device.
Tracking technologies alsoused are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and toimprove and analyze our Services.
You can instruct your browser to refuse allcookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
However, if you do notaccept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Services.
Use of Data.
We acquire, hold, use, and process Personal Databased on the legal grounds and for the legitimate business purposes outlined inthis Policy, including.
·        To provide and maintain the Services.
·        To notify you about changes to our Services.
·        To allow you to participate in interactivefeatures of our Services when you choose to do so.
·        To provide customer care and support.
·        To provide analysis or valuable information sothat we can improve the Services.
·        To monitor the usage of the Services.
·        To detect, prevent and address technical issues.
·        For administrative purposes, including tomeasure interest in embedUR’s products, programs, and services.
develop newproducts and services.
ensure internal quality control, verify individualidentity, communicate about individual activities and, in embedUR’s discretion,changes to any embedUR policy.
process applications and transactions.
complywith regulatory requirements, including collecting and using informationrelating to adverse effects you have experiences when using our products.
prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities.
or enforcing our terms ofservice.
Transfer Of Data and Storage.
Your information, including Personal Data, maybe transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of yourstate, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction (including in thecloud, on our servers, or on the servers of our affiliates or serviceproviders) where the data protection laws may differ than those from yourjurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States orIndia and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer thedata, including Personal Data, to United States and India and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed byyour submission of such information represents your agreement to that transferand storage.
embedUR will take all steps reasonably necessaryto ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with thisPrivacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to anorganization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place includingthe security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data.
Legal Requirements.
embedUR may disclose your Personal Data in the goodfaith belief that such action is necessary to.
·        To comply with a legal obligation.
·        To protect and defend the rights or property ofembedUR.
·        To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing inconnection with the Services.
·        To protect the personal safety of users of theServices or the public.
·        To protect against legal liability.
Security Of Data.
The security of your data is important to us,but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method ofelectronic storage is 100% secure.
While we strive to use commerciallyacceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee itsabsolute security.
Service Providers.
We may employ third party companies andindividuals to facilitate our Services (Service Providers), to provide theServices on our behalf, to perform related services or to assist us inanalyzing how our Services is used.
These third parties have access to your PersonalData only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not todisclose or use it for any other purpose.
Links To Other Sites.
Our Services may contain links to other sitesthat are not operated by us.
If you click on a third party link, you will bedirected to that third party's site.
We strongly advise you to review thePrivacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume noresponsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any thirdparty sites or services.
Children's Privacy.
Our Services do not address anyone under the ageof 18 (Children).
We do not knowingly collect personallyidentifiable information from anyone under the age of 18.
If you are a parentor guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with PersonalData, please contact us.
If we become aware that we have collected PersonalData from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps toremove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy.
We may update our Privacy Policy from time totime.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy onthis page.
We will let you know via email and/or aprominent notice on our Services, prior to the change becoming effective andupdate the Effective date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policyperiodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective whenthey are posted on this page.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions about this PrivacyPolicy, please contact us through the Contact Us page on our site, oremail, telephone or written correspondence, we may keep your comments on filefor future use in our contact database.
embedUR systems.
42808 Christy Street, Suite 102, Fremont, CA 94538.
Phone.
(510) 353-9111.
