Solutions.
Technology.
Company.
English Português.
English.
Português.
Login.
Book a demo.
Terms of Service.
or  emitu.
pt websites are published by Emitu, Lda, (Emitu), the sole party responsible for its content, and they are intended for visitors from the European Union.
Important.
Read the terms and conditions carefully before using this Website.
Usage thereof will imply acceptance of said conditions without any restrictions.
Do not use this Website if you do not agree with these conditions.
Emitu reserves the right to alter these Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice, as well as to block access to our Website to any person or entity for any reason.
Use of the website.
Emitu authorizes you to view and download the content of this Website solely for your own personal, non-commercial use.
The whole Website, images, logos, visual identity, and all the content are owned by Emitu and are protected by international laws on copyright and intellectual property.
Any modification, reproduction, public dissemination, presentation, and distribution are strictly forbidden, regardless of the objectives, without the prior authorization in writing of Emitu.
Exclusion of guarantees.
The content and services provided by this Website are supplied without any kind of guarantee in terms of the accuracy, understanding, and/or as regards the integrity of the information provided.
Emitu may make alterations to the content of this Website, including the products and respective prices, at any time and without prior notice.
It is possible that the content of this Website is out of date, and Emitu does not undertake to update it.
Under no circumstances can Emitu, its suppliers, or third parties mentioned on this Website be held liable for any losses or damages (including, but not limited to, depriving of use, loss of data, profits foregone, or interruption of business) deriving from the use, the impossibility of use or results of its use.
External links.
Any links mentioned on this Website to third-party websites are solely supplied for the convenience of the user.
When using said links, you will leave this Website.
Emitu does not control nor is it responsible for these websites, their content, or data processing carried out by third-party websites.
Consequently, Emitu is not responsible for any third-party Websites or their content.
The user will be the sole party responsible for access to third-party websites mentioned by this Website.
Submission of data.
When registering with this Website, you should check that the information you have provided in the registration is thorough and only refers to you.
The user is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password.
The password must not be shared with anyone.
Although Emitu takes measures to ensure the protection of its computing system, it does not control all the access channels to its Website.
The user must bear in mind that any information he provides in any field of this Website may be accessed publicly at any time during transmission.
Emitu cannot be held responsible for protecting the privacy of information transferred to our system over the internet.
Some areas of this Website may contain material that is subject to the copyright of the owners thereof.
Last update.
September 6th, 2021.
Platform.
Products.
Emitu.
Home.
About.
Blog.
Careers.
IoT Library.
FAQs.
Contact us.
Technology.
How it works.
Platform.
Why us.
Solutions.
Healthcare.
Manufacturing.
Smart Buildings.
Logistics.
Utilities.
Cold-chain.
Social.
LinkedIn.
Facebook.
Twitter.
Medium.
YouTube.
Get our latest news on your inbox.
Terms of Service.
Privacy Policy.
ReATeC.
©2022 Emitu.
