German.
Spanish.
French.
Italian.
Cellular IoT  How EMnify works                                                IoT Connectivity Platform                        Manage your IoT solution faster and with confidence                                                Global IoT SIM                        Best coverage in 180+ countries with a global SIM card                                                 IoT Dashboard                        Full insights and control over SIM, connectivity, and cost                                                IoT Cloud Integration                        Fast, secure integration into your AWS, Azure or Google stack                                                 IoT Network Security                        Multi-layer network security to protect IoT devicesCellular IoT for your business                                                Developers and Start-Ups                        Get to market fast with a complete cellular IoT solution                                                 SMB                        Scale your business with custom, affordable connectivity                                                Enterprises                        Count on consistent and high-quality connectivity for your corporation.
How EMnify works.
IoT Connectivity Platform                        Manage your IoT solution faster and with confidence.
Global IoT SIM                        Best coverage in 180+ countries with a global SIM card.
IoT Dashboard                        Full insights and control over SIM, connectivity, and cost.
IoT Cloud Integration                        Fast, secure integration into your AWS, Azure or Google stack.
IoT Network Security                        Multi-layer network security to protect IoT devices.
Cellular IoT for your business.
Developers and Start-Ups                        Get to market fast with a complete cellular IoT solution.
SMB                        Scale your business with custom, affordable connectivity.
Enterprises                        Count on consistent and high-quality connectivity for your corporation.
Solutions IoT Solutions by Industry                                                Transportation                        Everything from EV charging to micromobility and telematics                                                Healthcare                        Secure cellular communication for mobile and stationary IoMT                                                Smart Agriculture                        Aggregate agricultural data across vast, rural farmland                                                IoT for Media                        Make each broadcast a success through automation and centralized management                                                See all industries                        Our Customers                                                Case Studies                        Discover why 1800+ IoT businesses worldwide trust EMnify.
IoT Solutions by Industry.
Transportation                        Everything from EV charging to micromobility and telematics.
Healthcare                        Secure cellular communication for mobile and stationary IoMT.
Smart Agriculture                        Aggregate agricultural data across vast, rural farmland.
IoT for Media                        Make each broadcast a success through automation and centralized management.
See all industries.
Our Customers.
Case Studies                        Discover why 1800+ IoT businesses worldwide trust EMnify.
Resources IoT Insights Hub                                                IoT Glossary                        Learn more about IoT-related topics                                                EMnify IoT Blog                        Read our latest articles about the IoT universe                                                Webinars                        Expand your IoT knowledge with our free webinars                                                Whitepapers                        Read our in-depth Whitepapers to improve your IoT solutionDeveloper Hub                                                Documentation                        EMnify documentation for Developers                                                Developer Blog                        Useful information for IoT developers                                                Integration Guides                        Step-by-step guides for EMnify cloud integrations                                                 EMnify API                        A complete list of all EMnify API functions and their documentation.
IoT Insights Hub.
IoT Glossary                        Learn more about IoT-related topics.
EMnify IoT Blog                        Read our latest articles about the IoT universe.
Webinars                        Expand your IoT knowledge with our free webinars.
Whitepapers                        Read our in-depth Whitepapers to improve your IoT solution.
Developer Hub.
Documentation                        EMnify documentation for Developers.
Developer Blog                        Useful information for IoT developers.
Integration Guides                        Step-by-step guides for EMnify cloud integrations.
EMnify API                        A complete list of all EMnify API functions and their documentation.
Pricing.
Careers.
German.
Spanish.
French.
Privacy policy.
I.
Name and address of the data controller.
EMnify GmbHLandsteiner Str.
497074 Würzburg, GermanyE-Mail.
.
is the data controller as defined in the EU General Data Protection Regulation (DSGVO) and the national data privacy laws.
II.
Name and address of the data protection officer.
The data protection officer of the data controller is.
AGOR AGNiddastraße 7460329 Frankfurt am Main+49 (0) 69 - 9494 32 410E-Mail.
.
III.
General.
1.
The extent to which personal data is processed.
We collect and use the personal data of users of our homepage only to the extent that this is necessary for keeping our website, contents and services functioning properly.
Basically, we collect and use our users’ personal data only after they give their consent.
An exception to this principle applies in cases where processing the data by statutory provisions is permitted or when obtaining prior consent for actual reasons is not possible.
2.
Legal basis for processing personal data.
The legal basis for processing personal data is basically based on.
Art.
6 Section 1 lit.
a GDPR upon obtaining the consent of the data subject.
Art.
6 Section 1 lit.
b GDPR for processing operations that serve to fulfil a contract to which the data subject is a party.
Included here are processing operations that are necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures.
Art.
6 Section 1 lit.
c GDPR for processing required to fulfil a legal obligation.
Art.
6 Section 1 lit.
d GDPR, if vital interests of the data subject or another natural person require the processing of personal data.
Art.
6 Section 1 lit.
f GDPR, if the processing is necessary to safeguard the legitimate interests of our company or a third party, and the interests, fundamental rights and fundamental freedoms of the data subject do not outweigh the former interest.
3.
Data erasure and storage duration.
The personal data of users will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose of the storage is no longer applicable.
Additional storage may be provided for by European or national legislators through EU regulations, laws, or other regulations to which the data controller is subject.
Blocking or deleting the data also takes place when a storage period prescribed by the standards mentioned expires unless there is a need for additional storage of the data for concluding a contract or fulfilling the contract.
IV.
Use of our website, general information.
1.
Description and scope of data processing.
Every time our website is accessed, our system automatically collects data and information from the user's computer system.
The following information is collected.
Information about the browser type and version used.
The user’s operating system.
The user’s IP address.
Date and time of access.
Websites the user’s system accesses to get to our website.
Websites that the user's system invokes by accessing our website.
The described data are stored in the log files of our system.
This data is not stored together with any other personal user data.
2.
Purpose and legal basis for data processing.
Our system must temporarily store user IP addresses to allow us to deliver our website to the user's computer.
To do this, the user's IP address must be stored for the duration of the session.
Storage in log files is done to ensure the functionality of the website.
In addition, the data is used to optimize the website and to ensure the security of our information technology systems.
This data is not evaluated for marketing purposes in this context.
The legal basis for the temporary storage of data and log files is Art.
6 Section 1 lit.
f GDPR.
Collecting your personal data to ensure our web presence and storing this data in log files is essential for operating our website.
A contradictory possibility of the user therefore does not exist.
3.
Duration of storage.
Your data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary for achieving the purpose of the inquiry.
Your data will be deleted when the session ends if your data has been collected to ensure the site's availability.
If your data is stored in log files, it will be deleted after seven days at the latest.
Further storage is possible, whereby in this case, the IP addresses of the users are deleted or alienated.
This means that it is then no longer possible to assign the client who has accessed our website.
V.
General information about the use of cookies.
We use cookies on our website.
Cookies are text files that are stored in the Internet browser or by the Internet browser on the user’s computer system.
If you display a website, this is how a cookie can be stored on your operating system.
This cookie contains a characteristic string that allows the browser to be clearly when the website is accessed again.
We use cookies to make our homepage more user friendly.
Some elements of our website require that the browser be identified even after a page break.
TTDSG.
The legal basis for the storage of cookies, device identifiers and similar tracking technologies or for the storage of information in the end user's terminal equipment and access to this information is the European ePrivacy Directive in conjunction with the Telecommunications and Telemedia Data Protection Act (TTDPA.
in German.
TTDSG).
Please note that the legal basis for the processing of personal data collected in this context then results from the GDPR.
The relevant legal basis for the processing of personal data in each specific case can be found below the respective cookie or the respective processing itself.
The primary legal basis for the storage of information in the end user's terminal equipment - consequently in particular for the storage of cookies - is their consent, §25 Abs.
1 S.
1 TTDPA (Ger.
TTDSG).
Consent is given when visiting our website - although this does not have to be given, of course - and can be revoked at any time in the cookie settings.
According to §25 Abs.
2 Nr.
2 TTDPA (Ger.
TTDSG), consent is not required if the storage of information in the end user's terminal equipment or access to information already stored in the end user's terminal equipment is absolutely necessary for the provider of a tele media service to be able to provide a tele media service expressly requested by the user.
You can see from the cookie settings which cookies are to be classified as absolutely necessary (often also referred to as "technically necessary cookies") and which consequently fall under the exception of §25 Para.
2 TTDPA (Ger.
TTDSG), therefore do not require consent.
GDPR.
The following data is stored and transmitted.
(1) Language settings(2) Log-in information.
We would like to point out that some functions on our website can only be offered if cookies are enabled.
This applies to the following applications.
(1) Adopting language settings(2) Remembering keywords.
We do not use user data collected by technically required cookies to create user profiles.
Cookies are stored on the user’s computer, which transmits them to our page.
As a user, you therefore have control over the use of cookies.
You can restrict or disable transmission of cookies by making changes to your Internet browser settings.
Here you can also delete cookies that have been stored.
Please note that you may not be able to use all the features on our website if you deactivate cookies.
VI.
Data transfer outside the EU.
The GDPR ensures an equally high level of data protection within the European Union.
When selecting our service providers, we therefore rely on European partners wherever possible if your personal data is to be processed.
Only in exceptional cases will we have data processed outside the European Union in the context of using third-party services.
We will only allow your data to be processed in a third country if the special requirements of Art.
44 et seq.
DSGVO are fulfilled.
This means that your data may then only be processed based on special guarantees, such as the officially recognized determination by the EU Commission of a level of data protection corresponding to the EU or the observance of officially recognized special contractual obligations, the so-called "standard data protection clauses".
VII.
Your rights/rights of the data subject.
According to the EU General Data Protection Regulation, as an affected party you have the following rights.
1.
Right to access.
As a data controller you have the right to obtain from us the information whether and which personal data concerning you are processed by us as well as further information in accordance with the legal requirements pursuant to Art.
13, 14 GDPR.
You could assert your right to information at.
You can claim your right to information under.
.
2.
Right to rectification.
If we process your personal data incorrectly or in an incomplete manner, then you have a right for it to be corrected/completed.
The correction will be made immediately.
3.
Right to restriction.
You have the right to restrict the processing of personal data concerning you in accordance with the legal provisions (Art.
18 GDPR).
4.
Right to erasure.
You can request that your personal data be deleted immediately if you can show the following reasons.
The data controller is obligated to delete this data immediately.
These reasons include.
Your personal data are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
The processing is based on a consent according to Art.
6 Section 1 lit.
a or Art.
9 Section 2 lit.
a GDPR protected and you revoke the consent.
Another condition is that there is no other legal basis for the processing.
You object to the processing (Art.
21 Section 1 GDPR) and there are no legitimate reasons for the processing.
Another possibility is that you have a protest against the processing pursuant to Art.
21 Section 2 GDPR.
The processing of your personal data is unlawful.
Deleting personal data concerning you is required to fulfil a legal obligation under Union law or the law of the Member States to which the data controller is subject.
The personal data concerning you were collected in relation to information society services offered pursuant to Art.
8 Section 1 GDPR.
If we have made personal data concerning you public and we are obligated to delete them according to Art.
17 Section 1 of the GDPR, then we shall take appropriate measures, while also taking the available technology, implementation costs and the available technology into account, to inform data controllers who process the personal data that you, as the data subject, have requested the deletion of all links to such personal data or of copies or replications of such personal data.
We would like to point out that the right to delete does not exist to the extent that processing is required.
to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information.
to fulfil a legal obligation required by the law of the Union or of the Member States to which the controller is subject, or to carry out a task of public interest or to exercise the official authority conferred on the controller.
for reasons of public interest in the field of public health pursuant to Art.
9 Section 2 lit.
h and i and Art.
9 (3) GDPR.
for archival purposes of public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes pursuant to Art.
89 Section 1 GDPR, to the extent that the law referred to in Section (a) is likely to render impossible or seriously affect the achievement of the objectives of that processing, or.
to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
5.
Right to notification.
If you have asserted the right to rectify, delete or restrict the processing, we are obligated to notify all recipients to whom your personal data have been disclosed of this correction or deletion of the data or restriction of processing, unless this proves to be impossible or is associated with a disproportionate amount of effort.
You also have the right to be informed about these recipients.
6.
Right to data portability.
According to the GDPR, you also have the right to obtain the personal data provided to us and to receive it in a structured, understandable and machine-readable format.
Furthermore, you have the right to transfer this data to another data controller without hindrance by the data controller for providing the personal data, provided that.
the processing is based on consent as defined in Art.
6 Section 1 lit.
a GDPR or Art.
9 Section 2 lit.
a GDPR or on a contract acc.
Art.
6 Section 1 lit.
b GDPR.
and the processing is done using automated procedures.
Finally, where technically feasible and without harm to the freedoms and rights of others and as part of exercising the right of data transferability, you have the right to obtain that personal data related to you that has been transmitted directly from one controller to another.
The right to data portability does not apply to processing that personal data necessary for performing a task in the public interest or for exercising the official authority that has been delegated to the data controller.
7.
Right to revoke the declaration of consent.
You have the right to revoke your data protection declaration at any time.
Please note that revoking consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out based on the consent until the revocation goes into effect.
8.
Right to objection.
The data controller will no longer process the personal data concerning you unless he can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for processing that outweigh your interests, rights and liberties, or the processing is for enforcing, exercising, or defending legal claims.
If the personal data related to you are processed for advertising purposes, then you have the right to object at any time to your personal data being processed for such advertising.
This also applies to profiling, as far as it is associated with such direct marketing.
Your personal data will no longer be processed for direct marketing purposes if you object to your data being used for such purposes.
You also have the option of discussing the use of information society services (despite Directive 2002/58/EC).
Exercise your right to object by using automated procedures that use technical specifications.
9.
Automated decision on an individual basis, including profiling.
Under the EU General Data Protection Regulation, you remain entitled not to be subjected to a decision based solely on automated processing - including profiling - which would have legal effect or would affect you in a similar manner.
An exception to this principle, however, is when the decision.
is required for concluding or fulfilling a contract between you and the data controller,.
and is permissible based on Union or Member State legislation to which the controller is subject, and that legislation contains adequate measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests, or.
is with your express consent.
If the processing is carried out in accordance with the cases mentioned in Section 1 and 3, then the data controller shall take appropriate measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms as well as your legitimate interests.
This includes at least the right to obtain the intervention of a person on the part of the data controller to state his own position and to contest the decision.
The ruling under (1) – (3) may not be based on special categories of personal data pursuant to Art.
9 Section 1 GDPR, unless Art.
9 Section 2 lit.
a or g and reasonable measures have been taken to protect the rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests.
10.
Right to complain to a supervisory authority.
Finally, if you believe that the processing of personal data concerning you is contrary to the GDPR, you have the right to complain to a supervisory authority, in the Member State of its place of residence, employment or the location of the alleged infringement.
VIII.
Careers at EMnify – application management.
You have the possibility to apply directly for a vacancy on our website.
For our application management, we use the tool Greenhouse from Greenhouse Software, Inc.
(455 Broadway, New York NY, 10013 USA.
).
To process your online application and to carry out the application process, we collect, process, and use the personal data that you have provided to us.
The data is used exclusively for the purpose of the application process.
This also includes contacting you.
The data will not be transferred to third parties without your express consent, except in the context of data processing pursuant to Art.
28 GDPR.
The processing and storage of your data is carried out on the basis of pre-contractual measures in accordance with Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
b GDPR and § 26 BDSG as well as on the basis of our legitimate interests (interest in carrying out the application procedure and filling vacancies) in accordance with Art.
6 para.
1 p.
1 lit.
f GDPR.
Furthermore, if applicable, on the basis of your consent pursuant to Art.
6 para.
1 p.
1 lit.
a GDPR, insofar as you have given it.
Further information on the application process can be found here.
IX.
Newsletter.
1.
General.
You can subscribe to a free newsletter on our homepage that we use to inform you about our current interesting offers.
The advertised goods and services are named in the declaration of consent.
The data you enter in the online registration form will be transmitted to us.
We collect the following data based on the consent obtained during the registration process.
Last name.
First name.
E-mail address.
IP address.
the date and the hour of the registration.
Your data will not be forwarded as part of data processing involved in sending newsletters.
The data will be used exclusively for sending the newsletter.
2.
Double opt-in and logging.
Registration for our newsletter takes place in a so-called double-opt-in procedure.
After registration, you will receive an email asking you to confirm your registration.
This confirmation is necessary so that nobody can register using external email addresses.
The registration for the newsletter will be logged to prove the registration process according to the legal requirements.
This includes the storage of the login and the confirmation time, as well as the IP address.
3.
Legal basis.
Legal basis for processing the data is once the consent of the user Art.
6 Section 1 lit.
a GDPR has been submitted.
Collecting the user's email address aids in delivering the newsletter.
4.
Cancellation, revocation and opposition.
Your data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary for achieving the purpose of the inquiry.
Your email address will therefore be saved as long as the subscription to the newsletter is active.
You may terminate subscription to the newsletter at any time by revoking your consent.
There is a corresponding link in each newsletter to do this.
We would like to further point out that at any time, you are free to cancel any future processing of your personal data in accordance with the statutory requirements.
pursuant to Art.
21 GDPR.
You are free to object to your data being processed for direct marketing purposes.
5.
Service provider.
The newsletter is distributed via "HubSpot," a newsletter service provider in 25 First Street, Cambridge, MA 02141 U.
S.
The email addresses of our newsletter recipients, as well as their other information described in these notes, are stored on the servers of HubSpot in Ireland and in the U.
S.
HubSpot uses this information to send and evaluate the newsletters on our behalf.
Furthermore, HubSpot may, according to its own information, use this data to optimize or improve its own services, e.
g.
for technically optimizing the shipping and the presentation of the newsletter or for economic purposes, to determine which countries the recipients live in.
However, HubSpot does not use the data of our newsletter recipients to write them down or to pass them on to third parties.
We rely on the reliability, IT and data security of HubSpot.
HubSpot uses the standard contract clauses and commits to comply with EU data protection requirements.
Furthermore, we have concluded a data processing agreement with HubSpot.
This is a contract in which HubSpot pledges to protect the data of our users, to process it in accordance with its privacy policy on our behalf and not to disclose it to third parties.
HubSpot’s data privacy policy can be viewed here.
.
6.
Statistical tracking.
We would like to point out that we evaluate your user behavior when sending the newsletter.
For this evaluation, the emails sent include so-called web beacons or tracking pixels that represent one-pixel image files stored on our website.
For the evaluations, we link the data mentioned under Point 1 and the web beacons with your email address and an individual ID.
The links included in the newsletter you receive contain this ID as well.
With the data obtained in this way, we create a user profile to tailor the newsletter to your individual interests.
In doing so, we record when you read our newsletters, which links you click and from this find out what your personal interests are.
We link this data with actions you have taken on our website.
You can object to this tracking at any time by clicking on the separate link provided in each email or informing us via another means of contact.
Your information will be stored as long as you are subscribed to the newsletter.
After logging out, we store the data purely statistically and anonymously.
X.
Contact Form.
You will find a contact form on our homepage that you can use to contact us electronically.
The data entered the input mask are transmitted to us and stored.
These data include.
Name.
Surname.
E-mail.
Company.
Country.
Phone number.
Message.
The following data is also stored once the message has been sent.
The user’s IP address.
Date and time of registration.
It is also possible to contact us via our provided email address.
In this case, the user's personal data transmitted by email will be stored.
A transfer of your data to third parties will not take place in this context.
this data will be used exclusively for processing the communication record.
The legal basis for processing the data is in submitting user consent as defined in Art.
6 Section 1 lit.
a GDPR.
The legal basis for processing the data transmitted while sending an email is Article 6 Section 1 lit.
f GDPR.
If the email contact aims to conclude a contract, then additional legal basis for the processing is Art.
6 Section 1 lit.
b GDPR.
Processing personal data in this context is solely for processing the contact.
In the case of contact via email, this also includes the required legitimate interest in processing the data.
If further personal data are processed during the sending process, then they serve only to prevent misuse of the contact form and to ensure the security of our information technology systems.
Your data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary for achieving the purpose of the inquiry.
Regarding the personal data from the input form on the contact form and those sent by email, this is the case when the respective conversation with the user has ended.
The conversation is ended when it can be inferred from the circumstances that the relevant facts have been finally clarified.
The additional personal data collected during the sending process will be deleted at the latest after a period of seven days.
You will have the opportunity to revoke your consent to the processing of personal data at any time.
Even when contacting us by email, you can object to the storage of your personal data at any time.
However, we would like to point out that in such a case, the conversation cannot continue.
All personal data stored while contacting will be deleted in this case.
XI.
Registration.
You have the option of registering on our homepage by indicating your personal data.
The data is entered into an input mask, transmitted to us and stored.
This data is not transferred to third parties.
The following data is collected during the registration process.
Name.
Surname.
E-mail.
Company (optional).
The following data is also stored at the time of registration.
The user’s IP address, and the date and time of registration.
We will obtain your consent to processing this data during the registration process, whereby the legal basis for processing your data is defined in Art.
6 Section 1 lit.
a GDPR.
User registration is required for providing certain content and services on our website.
Continuing obligations require that personal data be stored during the contract period.
In addition, warranty periods must be complied with and the storage of data for tax purposes.
The retention periods that must be adhered to here cannot be determined on a generalized basis but must be determined on an ad hoc basis for each contract and contractual parties.
You have the option of dissolving registration on our homepage at any time.
Furthermore, you can also change data stored about you at any time.
XII.
Google Tag Manager.
This website uses Google Tag Manager.
Google Tag Manager is a solution that allows marketers to manage website tags through one interface.
The Tag Manager tool itself (which implements the tags) is a cookie-less domain and does not collect any personal data.
The tool triggers other tags, which in turn may collect data.
Google Tag Manager does not access this data.
If a deactivation has been made at the domain or cookie level, this remains in place for all tracking tags that are implemented with Google Tag Manager.
The legal basis for the use of the technically necessary cookie is the legitimate interest of the website operator according to Art.
6 para.
1 p.
1 lit.
f DSGVO.
Further information can be found in the terms of use of the provider at.
.
XIII.
Web Analytics.
1.
Use of Google Analytics.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc.
(“Google”).
Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies," text files that are stored on your computer and they allow how you use the website to be analyzed.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the US and is stored there.
However, if IP anonymization is activated on this website, your IP address will be shortened by Google beforehand within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there.
On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services related to website and Internet usage to the website operator.
The IP address provided by Google Analytics within the framework of Google Analytics will not be merged with other data provided by Google.
You can prevent the storage of cookies by enabling a corresponding setting in your browser software.
however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to fully use all the features of this website.
You may also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) as well as prevent Google from processing this data by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link.
This website uses Google Analytics with the extension "_anonymizeIp().
" As a result, IP addresses are processed shortened so that they cannot be related to any one particular person.
Insofar as the data collected about you is assigned a personal reference, it will be immediately excluded, and the personal data will be deleted immediately.
We use Google Analytics to analyze and regularly improve the use of our website.
We use the statistics to improve our offer and make it more interesting for you as a user.
Google uses the standard contract clauses for those exceptional cases in which personal information is transferred to the US.
The legal basis for using Google Analytics is Art.
6 Section 1 p.
1 lit.
a GDPR.
Third-party information.
Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd.
, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Fax.
+353 (1) 436 1001.
User conditions.
Data privacy overview.
data protection policy.
.
This site also uses Google Analytics for cross-device analysis of visitor traffic and is conducted through the user ID.
You can deactivate your cross-device analysis of your usage under "My Data,” then "Personal Data.
”.
XIV.
Social Media.
1.
Social media presence.
We maintain fan pages within various social networks and platforms for communicating with customers, prospects and users who are active there and for informing them about our services.
We would like to point out that your personal data may be processed outside the European Union, which may pose risks to you (e.
g.
, in enforcing your rights under European/German law).
Please note that some US providers are certified under the Privacy Shield and are committed to respecting EU privacy standards.
These users’ data are usually processed for market research and advertising purposes.
Thus, for example, user profiles are created based on the user’s behaviour and interests.
These usage profiles can in turn be used to do such things as place advertisements inside and outside the platforms that are allegedly in line with users' interests.
For these purposes, cookies are usually stored on the user’s computer where the user’s behaviour and the user’s interests are stored.
Furthermore, in the usage profiles, data can also be stored independently of the devices that the users use (this is especially true if the users are members of the respective platforms and are logged in to them).
Processing personal user data is based on our legitimate interests in an effective user information and communication with users in accordance with.
Art.
6 Section 1 lit.
f.
GDPR.
The legal basis for processing user info is Art.
6 Section a.
, Art.
7 GDPR, and this entails the respective providers asking users to consent to data processing (that is, that they declare their agreement, for example, by ticking a check box or clicking on a button to confirm).
Additional information about processing your personal data as well as your revocation options can be found under the links for the respective providers listed below.
The assertion of information and further rights of the data subjects can likewise take place opposite the offerors, who then have only the direct access to the data of the users and have appropriate information.
Of course, we are available for questions and support if you need help.
Providers.
Twitter.
Twitter Inc.
, 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA Data Protection Policy.
.
Opt-Out.
.
LinkedIn.
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland.
Data Privacy Policy .
Opt-Out.
.
XV.
Integration of Google Maps.
We use Google Maps offer on our website.
This allows us to show you interactive maps right on the website and allow you to conveniently use the map feature.
By visiting the website, Google receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding subpage for our website.
In addition, the information referred to in Section IV of this statement will be transmitted to Google.
This is done regardless of whether Google provides a user account that you are logged in to, or if there is no user account.
When you are logged in to Google, your data will be assigned directly to your account.
If you do not wish to be associated with your profile on Google, you must log out before activating the button.
Google stores your data as usage profiles and uses them for advertising, market research and/or needs-based website design.
This type of an evaluation is carried out (even for users who are not logged in) for the purpose of providing appropriate advertising and to inform other users of the.
social network about your activities on our website.
You have a right of objection to the formation of these user profiles, and you must contact Google to exercise this right.
Please refer to the provider's privacy policy for more information on the purpose and scope of the data collection and its processing by the plug-in provider.
There you will also find further information about these rights as they relate to you and settings options for protecting your privacy.
Google also processes your personal data in the US and uses the standard contract clauses .
XVI.
Online Advertising.
1.
Use of Google Ads.
We use "Google Ads" (formerly Google AdWords) on our website, a service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Google Building Gordon House, Barrow St, Dublin 4, Ireland (hereinafter referred to as "Google").
Google Ads enables us to draw attention to our attractive offers with the help of advertising media on external websites.
This enables us to determine how successful individual advertising measures are.
These advertising media are delivered by Google via so-called "AdServers".
For this purpose, we use so-called AdServer cookies, which can be used to measure certain parameters for measuring success, such as display of the ads or clicks by users.
If you access our website via a Google ad, Google Ads will store a cookie on your PC.
.
The following information is usually stored as analysis values for this cookie.
unique cookie ID, number of ad impressions per placement (frequency), last impression (relevant for post-view conversions), opt-out information (marking that the user no longer wishes to be addressed).
These cookies enable Google to recognize your web browser.
If a user visits certain pages of an Ads customer's website and the cookie stored on their computer has not yet expired, Google and the customer can recognize that the user clicked on the ad and was redirected to that page.
A different cookie is assigned to each Ads customer.
Cookies can therefore not be tracked across Ads customers' websites.
We ourselves do not collect or process any personal data in the aforementioned advertising measures.
We only receive statistical evaluations from Google.
Based on these evaluations, we can see which of the advertising measures used are particularly effective.
We do not receive any further data from the use of the advertising tools.
in particular, we cannot identify users on the basis of this information.
Due to the marketing tools used, your browser automatically establishes a direct connection with Google's server.
We have no influence on the scope and further use of the data collected by Google through the use of Google Ads.
According to our knowledge, Google receives the information that you have called up the relevant part of our website or clicked on an ad from us.
If you have a user account with Google and are registered, Google can assign the visit to your user account.
Even if you are not registered with Google or have not logged in, there is a possibility that Google learns your IP address and stores it.
We use Google Ads for marketing and optimization purposes, in particular to display ads that are relevant and interesting to you, to improve campaign performance reports and to achieve a fair calculation of advertising costs.
This is also our legitimate interest in the processing of the above data by the third-party provider.
The legal basis is Art.
6 para.
1 p.
1 lit.
f GDPR.
You can prevent the installation of cookies by deleting existing cookies and deactivating a storage of cookies in the settings of your web browser.
We point out that in this case you may not be able to use all features of our website in full.
It is also possible to prevent the storage of cookies by setting your web browser to block cookies from the domain  ( ).
We would like to point out that this setting will be deleted when you delete your cookies.
In addition, you can deactivate interest-based ads via the link  We would like to point out that this setting will also be deleted when you delete your cookies.
Information of the third-party provider.
Google Ireland Limited, Google Building Gordon House, Barrow St, Dublin 4, Ireland.
For more information on data usage by Google, on setting and objection options, and on data protection, please refer to the following Google web pages.
2.
DoubleClick by Google.
This website also uses the online marketing tool DoubleClick by Google.
DoubleClick uses cookies to serve ads that are relevant to users, to improve campaign performance reports, or to prevent a user from seeing the same ads multiple times.
Google uses a cookie ID to determine which ads are running in which browser and can prevent them from being displayed multiple times.
In addition, DoubleClick uses cookie IDs to track conversions related to ad requests.
This can occur, for example, if a user sees a DoubleClick ad and later goes to the advertiser's website with the same browser and buys something there.
According to Google, DoubleClick cookies do not contain personally identifiable information.
Your browser automatically establishes a direct connection to the Google server because of the marketing tools used.
We have no control over the extent and the later use of the data that is collected through Google’s use of this tool and we will therefore inform you according to our level of knowledge.
By integrating DoubleClick, Google receives the information that you have accessed the relevant part of our website or have clicked on an ad from us.
If you are registered with a service provided by Google, then Google may associate the visit with your account.
Even if you are not registered with Google or have not logged in, there is a possibility that the provider will find out and store your IP address.
You can prevent participation in this tracking process several different ways.
by setting your browser software.
accordingly, suppressing third-party cookies will prevent you from receiving any third-party advertisements.
by deactivating cookies for conversion tracking by adjusting your browser settings so that cookies from the domain called “ are then blocked,  whereby this setting will be deleted once you delete your cookies.
by disabling interest-based ads from providers that are part of the About Ads self-regulatory campaign by clicking on  which will be deleted when you delete your cookies.
through permanent deactivation in your Firefox, Internet Explorer or Google Chrome browsers under the link  We would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to fully utilize all the features of this offer.
The legal basis for processing your data is Art.
Art.
6 Section 1 p.
1 lit.
a GDPR.
You can get additional information on DoubleClick by Google at  and  which also includes Google general information on their data protection policy.
Another option is to visit the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) at.
Google uses the standard contract clauses .
XVII.
Integration of Google Fonts.
Based on our legitimate interests in accordance with Art.
6 Section 1 lit.
f GDPR, we integrate the fonts ("Google Fonts") provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Our goal is to optimize and operate our homepage efficiently.
The provider’s privacy policy can be found at.
Opt-Out can be used at.
.
XVIII.
Use of Google ReCaptcha.
Furthermore, we use the Google service reCaptcha on our website to determine whether a human or a computer makes a certain entry in our contact or newsletter form.
Google uses the following data to check whether you are a human or a computer.
IP address of the end device used, the website that you visit with us and on which the captcha is integrated, the date and duration of the visit, the identification data of the browser and operating system type used, Google account if you are logged in to Google, mouse movements on the reCaptcha areas as well as tasks in which you have to identify images.
The legal basis for the aforementioned data processing is Art.
6 section 1 S.
1 lit.
f DSG-VO.
Our legitimate interest in this data processing is to ensure the security of our website and protection against automated entries (attacks).
Further information about the provider Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland erhalten Sie unter .
Opt-Out.
.
This privacy policy was last updated in June 2022.
About EMnifyCompanyCareers.
Company.
Careers.
Customer SupportCustomer Knowledge HubIntegration GuidesPlatform StatusPremium Support.
Customer Knowledge Hub.
Integration Guides.
Platform Status.
Premium Support.
MediaNewsroomNewsletter.
Newsroom.
Newsletter.
Contact UsTalk to an Expert.
Talk to an Expert.
+49 30 555 7333 33.
Charlottenstr.
4, 10969 Berlin, Germany.
Imprint & Disclaimer.
Privacy Policy.
