Log and Usage Data.
Log and usage data is service-related, diagnostic, usage and performance information our servers automatically collect when you access or use our Website and which we record in log files.
Depending on how you interact with us, this log data may include your IP address, device information, browser type and settings and information about your activity in the Website (such as the date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages and files viewed, searches and other actions you take such as which features you use), device event information (such as system activity, error reports (sometimes called 'crash dumps') and hardware settings).
Device Data.
We collect device data such as information about your computer, phone, tablet or other device you use to access the Website.
Depending on the device used, this device data may include information such as your IP address (or proxy server), device and application identification numbers, location, browser type, hardware model Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, operating system and system configuration information.
Location Data.
We collect location data such as information about your device's location, which can be either precise or imprecise.
How much information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access the Website.
For example, we may use GPS and other technologies to collect geolocation data that tells us your current location (based on your IP address).
You can opt out of allowing us to collect this information either by refusing access to the information or by disabling your Location setting on your device.
Note however, if you choose to opt out, you may not be able to use certain aspects of the Services.
To facilitate account creation and logon process.
If you choose to link your account with us to a third-party account (such as your Google or Facebook account), we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account creation and logon process for the performance of the contract.
To post testimonials.
We post testimonials on our Website that may contain personal information.
Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain your consent to use your name and the content of the testimonial.
If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Request feedback.
We may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Website.
To enable user-to-user communications.
We may use your information in order to enable user-to-user communications with each user's consent.
To manage user accounts.
We may use your information for the purposes of managing our account and keeping it in working order.
To send administrative information to you.
We may use your personal information to send you product, service and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
To protect our Services.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our Website safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
To enforce our terms, conditions and policies for business purposes, to comply with legal and regulatory requirements or in connection with our contract.
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm.
If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
Fulfill and manage your orders.
We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the Website.
Administer prize draws and competitions.
We may use your information to administer prize draws and competitions when you elect to participate in our competitions.
To deliver and facilitate delivery of services to the user.
We may use your information to provide you with the requested service.
To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users.
We may use your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the use of our Services.
To send you marketing and promotional communications.
We and/or our third-party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences.
For example, when expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our Website, subscribing to marketing or otherwise contacting us, we will collect personal information from you.
You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time (see the "WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS" below).
Deliver targeted advertising to you.
We may use your information to develop and display personalized content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness.
For other business purposes.
We may use your information for other business purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Website, products, marketing and your experience.
We may use and store this information in aggregated and anonymized form so that it is not associated with individual end users and does not include personal information.
We will not use identifiable personal information without your consent.
Consent.
We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests.
We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract.
Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations.
We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests.
We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Business Transfers.
We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers.
We may share your data with third-party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work.
Examples include.
payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts.
We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Website, which will enable them to collect data on our behalf about how you interact with our Website over time.
This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, pages or features, and better understand online activity.
Unless described in this notice, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
We have contracts in place with our data processors, which are designed to help safeguard your personal information.
This means that they cannot do anything with your personal information unless we have instructed them to do it.
They will also not share your personal information with any organization apart from us.
They also commit to protect the data they hold on our behalf and to retain it for the period we instruct.
Advertising, Direct Marketing, and Lead Generation.
Communicate and Chat with Users.
Invoice and Billing.
User Account Registration and Authentication.
Web and Mobile Analytics.
Website Hosting.
Log in to your account settings and update your user account.
Access your account settings and update your preferences.
Esports is for everyone.
Wherever you may be in your journey, we’re excited to welcome you.
Become a member  or apply for a program today, and let us know how we can help you reach your career goals.
Sign up for our newsletter.
