ServicesInnovation LabMobile App DevelopmentProject RescueMaintenance.
Innovation Lab.
Mobile App Development.
Project Rescue.
Maintenance.
Case Studies.
Resources.
Blog.
LET’S TALK.
Privacy Policy         ENO8, LLC All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy.
The website stores cookies on your device.
The purpose of these cookies is to collect information related to the way you interact on the website and allow us to remember you.
The input is critical for us to improve the browsing experience on the website.
We have covered the details on cookie usage in our Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy  This Privacy Policy governs the way in which ENO8 uses and divulges information related to their users.
This information is collected on  (website).
The Privacy Policy is applicable to the website and all its products and services.
Personal and non-personal identification informationThere are different ways that we may employ to collect users’ information.
Some of the ways include a visit to our website, subscribing to our blogs and filling out the contact information.
Users are usually asked to provide their name, email address, physical address and contact details.
There is also an option for users to visit us anonymously and not submit their personal information.
We only collect and retain their personal identification information if they voluntarily submit this information and/or engage in some activities on the website.
We may collect non-personal identification information related to users whenever they either visit or interact on our website.
Non-personal information includes the IP, browser used, Operating System, device used and other such information.
How we use the collected information.
The sole purpose of collecting information is to establish communication with our users.
The communication can be in the form of emails, newsletters, surveys, updates or to share some collateral.
There is a possibility that we may contact you for our promotional offers but we always give you the option of opting out.
You can send us a mail at if you wish us to delete or change your personal identification information.
Web CookiesThe web browser stores the cookies on the users’ hard drive to track information about them.
The purpose of using cookies is to improve user experience.
In case the users do not want their activity to be tracked via cookies, they can refuse cookies (in which case some features of the website may not function properly).
We protect your informationWe confirm that we employ appropriate ways to collect, store and process your information.
There are security measures that we use to protect your information to ensure that there is no unauthorized access.
We assure you that we do not access or store information related to any transactions, passwords or encrypted information on the website.
We assure that you that we do not trade or sell the personal identification of our users.
The only information that we may share is related to generic aggregated demographic related information with third party service providers given that we have your permission.
Third Party WebsitesIf there are websites that advertise our services or have a link to our website, browsing and interaction with any such website will depend on their terms and policies and completely beyond our control.
Privacy Policy UpdateENO8 has the right to update the privacy policy at any time.
We encourage our users to check this privacy policy often to check for updates and be assured that we take every possible measure to protect our users.
Acceptance of this Privacy PolicyBy using this website, you agree to this privacy policy.
In case you do not agree with this privacy policy, you are suggested to refrain from the use of our website.
If you wish to suggest any changes or have any questions related to our Privacy Policy, you can drop us an email at .
Let’s Work Together.
ENO8 is a Dallas-based tech studio that empowers companies to design and develop innovative, impactful digital products.
Our partners realize real business returns from new technology initiatives because we arm them with our proprietary innovation process and a best-in-class, experienced team.
Through working with us, our clients move faster, reduce their risk, and increase the impact of bringing new digital products to life.
Quick Links.
Services.
Case Studies.
Resources.
Careers.
Blog.
Contact us.
In The News.
Site Map.
Contact.
5830 Granite Pkwy,Suite #100-358 Plano, Texas 75024.
Map & Directions.
(844) 499-3668.
© 2022 ENO8, LLC All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Overview.
