About Us.
OEM.
Become a Partner.
My Account.
Home.
ApplicationsDemand ResponseEnergy ManagementRefrigeration Monitoring.
Demand Response.
Energy Management.
Refrigeration Monitoring.
Features.
Products.
Integrations.
SupportDocumentationHelpdeskFAQDemo.
Documentation.
Helpdesk.
FAQ.
Demo.
Contact Us.
No menu assigned.
Privacy Policy.
Updated.
9th February 2017.
EpiSensor and You.
We’re focused on building tools that make it easier for our customers and partners to build Industrial IoT solutions.
We appreciate you giving us your time and attention, and we would like to explain the steps we take online and offline to protect your privacy.
We aim to maintain up to date and effective privacy standards and practices, detailed below.
If you have any thoughts, questions or concerns please contact us for more information.
Introduction.
We at EpiSensor Ltd.
are committed to respecting your privacy and recognise your need for appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) you share with us.
EpiSensor Ltd.
has established this Privacy Policy so that you can understand the care with which we intend to treat your Personal Information.
Personal Information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a home or other physical address and an email address or other contact information, whether at work or at home.
In general, you can visit EpiSensor Ltd.
’s web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any Personal Information about yourself.
If you choose to provide us with your Personal Information on the Web, we may transfer that Information within EpiSensor Ltd.
or to EpiSensor Ltd.
’s third-party service providers, across borders, and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
EpiSensor Ltd.
strives to comply with all applicable laws around the globe that are designed to protect your privacy.
Although legal requirements may vary from country to country, EpiSensor Ltd.
intends to adhere to the principles set forth in this Privacy Policy even if, in connection with the above, we transfer your Personal Information from your country to countries that may not require an “adequate” level of protection for your Personal Information.
In other words, our goal is to provide protection for your Personal Information no matter where that Personal Information is collected, transferred, or retained.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
Some of our Web pages utilise “cookies” and other tracking technologies.
A “cookie” is a small text file that may be used, for example, to collect information about Web site activity.
Some cookies and other technologies may serve to recall Personal Information previously indicated by a Web user.
Most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them.
You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser, but please note that if you choose to erase or block your cookies, you will need to re-enter your original user ID and password to gain access to certain parts of the Web site.
Tracking technologies may record information such as Internet domain and host names.
Internet protocol (IP) addresses.
browser software and operating system types.
clickstream patterns.
and dates and times that our site is accessed.
Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies allows us to improve our Web site and your Web experience.
We may also analyse information that does not contain Personal Information for trends and statistics.
To protect your privacy, we have adopted the following principles.
1.
Notice2.
Choice3.
Security.
Notice.
Where EpiSensor Ltd.
collects Personal Information on the web, we intend to post a purpose statement that explains why Personal Information will be collected and whether we plan to share such Personal Information outside of EpiSensor Ltd.
or those working on EpiSensor Ltd.
’s behalf.
EpiSensor Ltd.
does not intend to transfer Personal Information without your consent to third parties who are not bound to act on EpiSensor Ltd.
’s behalf unless such transfer is legally required.
Choice.
You may choose whether or not to provide Personal Information to EpiSensor Ltd.
The notice we intend to provide where EpiSensor Ltd.
collects Personal Information on the Web should help you to make this choice.
If you choose not to provide the Personal Information we request, you can still visit most of EpiSensor Ltd.
’s Web sites, but you may be unable to access certain options, offers, and services that involve our interaction with you.
If you chose to have a relationship with EpiSensor Ltd.
, such as a contractual or other business relationship or partnership, we will naturally continue to contact you in connection with that business relationship.
Security.
Wherever your Personal Information may be held within EpiSensor Ltd.
or on its behalf, we intend to take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the Personal Information that you share with us from unauthorised access or disclosure.
Sharing Information With Third Parties.
We may share specific information about you, your company and the orders you place with third parties under certain circumstances.
We may share information about you with companies, contractors and agents that help us to run our business.
These companies, contractors and agents provide services to us like.
fulfilling orders.
sending emails to you on our behalf.
delivering customer support.
storage and analytics services.
processing payments.
We require these companies, contractors and agents to use reasonable safeguards to protect information about you.
They will have access to some of your information, limited to what they need to provide services to us.
They are not allowed to use personal information they receive from us for their own purposes.
We may share your personal information with our channel partners and sales partners for operational purposes, such as order fulfilment and to confirm what hardware or software you have purchased.
Note that you may receive marketing communications from our channel partners based on your relationship with them.
Starter Kit Partners.
In some cases, we will offer starter kits or other product bundles for sale that include products or services provided by third parties.
We will make it clear on the product information what third party services are included and what companies they are provided by.
The following information may be shared with our starter kit partners when an order is placed.
your company and contact information.
the products and services that you have ordered.
shipping and billing information.
Commitment.
We are committed to privacy and we are actively involved in and support industry initiatives to preserve individual privacy rights on the Internet.
Protecting your privacy online and offline is an evolving area, and EpiSensor Ltd.
’s web sites are constantly evolving to meet these demands.
If you have any comments or questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at While we cannot guarantee privacy perfection, we will address any issue to the best of our abilities as soon as possible.
Your Consent.
By using this Web site, you consent to the terms of our Privacy Policy and to EpiSensor Ltd.
’s processing of Personal Information for the purposes given above as well as those explained where EpiSensor Ltd.
collects Personal Information on the Web.
Should the Privacy Policy change, we intend to take every reasonable step to ensure that these changes are brought to your attention by posting all changes prominently on our web site, and showing when this policy was last updated.
Information.
Blog.
Terms & Conditions.
Warranty & RMA.
Shipping & Ordering.
WEEE, RoHS and REACH.
Privacy Policy.
Cookie Policy.
Premium Support.
Sitemap.
Product Tags.
Contact.
EpiSensor,International Science Centre,National Technology Park,Limerick,V94C61W,Ireland.
Tel.
+353 61 512 500Email.
.
About EpiSensor.
EpiSensor's Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) Platform makes it easier than ever to collect data, so people can make better decisions, reduce cost and improve sustainability.
Our IoT platform is trusted by some of the world’s largest and most secure organisations.
© 2022 EpiSensor.
com.
Home.
ApplicationsDemand ResponseEnergy ManagementRefrigeration Monitoring.
Demand Response.
Energy Management.
Refrigeration Monitoring.
Features.
Products.
Integrations.
SupportDocumentationHelpdeskFAQDemo.
Documentation.
Helpdesk.
FAQ.
Demo.
Contact Us.
Volume Pricing.
The volume discounts below will be applied to items in your cart automatically.
Want an additional 40% discount.
Check out our partner page  for more information.
Discounts are applied to core products only, not accessories or starter kits.
Full Terms & Conditions available here.
Request an Integration.
Name *.
Email *.
Company *.
What's the name of the platform.
*.
Request a Demo.
Name*.
Email*.
Company*.
Privacy Overview.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website.
Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorised as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website.
We also use third-party cookies that help us analyse and understand how you use this website.
These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent.
You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies.
But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website.
Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorised as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website.
We also use third-party cookies that help us analyse and understand how you use this website.
These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent.
You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies.
But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
This is an necessary category.
Used to store information of how visitors use a website and help to create an analytics report.
Used to build a profile based on user’s interests and display personalized ads.
Used to store information of how visitors use a website and help to create a site performance report.
