ExpertiseIoT developmentAsset trackingSmart city solutionsConsumer IoTIndustrial IoTWarehouse managementCloud developmentLegacy modernizationPlatform developmentFintech services.
IoT developmentAsset trackingSmart city solutionsConsumer IoTIndustrial IoTWarehouse management.
Asset tracking.
Smart city solutions.
Consumer IoT.
Industrial IoT.
Warehouse management.
Cloud development.
Legacy modernization.
Platform development.
Fintech services.
How we workEnd-to-end app developmentDiscovery serviceTeam extensionIT consulting.
End-to-end app development.
Discovery service.
Team extension.
IT consulting.
Our approach.
Cases.
Insights.
CompanyAbout usCulture bookJava gap analysisCareersContact us.
About us.
Culture book.
Java gap analysis.
Careers.
Contact us.
Privacy Policy.
Here at Euristiq we take personal privacy very seriously.
This privacy policy will explain how our organization uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website.
Please read this Policy carefully before browsing this website.
We will process your data only as described in this Policy.
Our website is not directed to children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect personal data from children of this age group.
Euristiq, Lviv, Ukraine, is a controller.
Our address and other contact information are listed at the end of this policy.
Being a controller means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal information about you.
What data do we collect.
We only collect personal data about you that is necessary for you to use the website or for us to provide the services and information that you request.
Information we collect during your website visit may include.
Information you provide us via contact forms or email, including your email address, phone number, name, surname, company name, job title, postal address and other information associated with the communication.
The fact that you’ve visited our website and other statistics, such as particular pages you visit, number of unique website entries.
What website referred you to euristiq.
com.
Have you downloaded any marketing materials from our website.
Your LinkedIn profile address.
Data about your visits to and use of this website, including your IP address, geographical location, browser type, and version, referral source, page views, and the website navigation path.
Information about your device(s), in particular, hardware model, your screen resolution, version of the operating system and the platform you useCookies.
For more information on the cookies please visit the section “Cookies” of this Policy.
How do we collect your data.
You directly provide Euristiq with most of the data we collect.
We collect data and process data when you.
Register online or place an order for any of our products or services.
Voluntarily complete a customer survey or provide feedback on any of our message boards or via email.
Use or view our website via your browser’s cookies.
Information that you give us by phone, by e-mail, via our website, via social media or otherwise.
It includes information you provide us by subscribing to our events, enquiring about our services, contact us to report a problem, or do any of these things on behalf of the person that you work for.
Our company may also receive your data indirectly from the following sources.
Euristiq can receive personal information about individuals from third parties around the world.
This may happen if you publish your CV on the Internet on some job sites, giving them the permission to use and transmit your data, if someone is looking for candidates like you for potential employment.
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third-party websites before providing your information to them.
How will we use your data.
We will only process and use your personal data on a legal basis when.
you have consented to us using your personal data (Article 6 para.
1 (a) GDPR).
it is in our legitimate business interest (Article 6 para.
1 (f) GDPR).
we need to comply with a legal obligation.
Generally, we use your personal data to.
Contact you in order to answer your questions or send you requests or promotional materials.
Improve our website to make your website experience better.
Tailor specific offers or show targeted content based on your previous use or based on usability trends shown by the behavior of other users on this website.
Spread promotional materials, to make announcements, to send you e-mail notifications and email newsletters.
Carry out marketing research and to analyze the characteristics of website visitors, to assess the impact of our marketing campaigns, and to adjust them, to plan our future marketing activities, to target our advertising.
Communicate with youvia different platforms, such as social media, email, telephone, and other networks.
You can opt-out of receiving this targeted content.
Comply with internal and external audit requirements as well as for information security purposes.
Comply with legal requirements, in order to prevent crimes, aid in investigations, or prevent loss or fraud, in which case we may have to share data within the scope of legal proceedings.
What are your data protection rights.
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights.
You are entitled to contact us at any time to request the following.
The right to access – You may request access to personal data about you.
This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
The right to rectification – You may request that we correct any information we hold about you corrected.
You also have the right to request to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request the erasure of your personal information, under certain conditions, for instance when the personal data provided by you, is no longer necessary for us to continue processing it.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request the restriction of processing of your personal information, under certain conditions, for example, if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to the processing of your personal information where we are relying on legitimate interest.
You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
You have the right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes.
If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please click here.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request the transfer of your personal information in an electronic and structured form to you or to another party.
The right to object to automated decision-making, including profiling.
It means that you have a right not to be subject to any automated decision-making by us using your personal information or profiling of you.
The right to withdraw consent – you have the right to withdraw your prior consent to the collection, processing, and transferring of your personal information for a specific purpose at any time.
Please bear in mind that it will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Please note that if you withdraw your consent for direct marketing by clicking the Unsubscribe button, we will not delete the rest of your data automatically.
But you may request us to do so by sending us an email to .
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email.
.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the information or to exercise any of your other rights.
This is another security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
Cookies.
Euristiq, as is a general rule, uses cookies to provide a customized user experience on this site.
A cookie is a small text file that a website store on your computer to allow your browser to remember information about how you use the website.
Your computer only shares this information with the specific website that provided it, in this case — ours, and no other website can request that information.
Cookies automatically collect data that allow us to recognize your device and you as a returning visitor.
This data includes domain name, preferred browser, operating system, IP address, website interactions, visit time, location, items you have downloaded, and most-viewed pages during a visit.
There are different types of Cookies used on our website.
Functional cookies that personalize your user experience.
These cookies permit our website to remember the details you’ve provided when filling in forms and allows sharing these website pages on social networks.
Performance cookies that help us monitor website performance and make sure it is working properly.
They collect anonymous information about how visitors use our website, the most visited pages, how many error messages were displayed.
Advertising cookies that are used to target you with advertising.
We do not allow third-party advertisements on our websites, but we do advertise our offers and services on other sites.
These cookies remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with the third parties.
The information from them allows the third party site to display the most appropriate advertisements for you.
How to manage cookies settings.
You can adjust your browser not to accept cookies, and this website has information on how to remove cookies from your browser.
However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function properly as a result.
Changes to our privacy policy.
We keep its privacy policy under regular review and any updates will be posted on this web page.
Euristiq reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time.
Please visit this page occasionally to check for any changes.
How to contact us.
If you have any questions or comments about this policy, the data we hold on you or would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Last updated/Effective.
June 22, 2021.
Euristiq provides top-tier developers that deliver high-quality output, which has supplemented a successful, multi-project partnership.
Despite being remote, they are easily accessible.
Overall, it’s been a successful engagement.
Company.
Our approach.
Case studies.
About us.
Insights.
Check our privacy policy to learn more on how we process your personal data.
