Live Chat							| 														 Support | 														 Client Login.
Live Chat							| 														 Support | 														 Client Login.
Home.
Features.
Modules.
Designs.
Pricing.
PartnerReseller/White LabelOutsourcing PartnersMarketing PartnersBecome a Partner.
Reseller/White Label.
Outsourcing Partners.
Marketing Partners.
Become a Partner.
Demo.
ContactSales EnquiryPartner EnquiryShare your FeedbackCareer Opportunity.
Sales Enquiry.
Partner Enquiry.
Share your Feedback.
Career Opportunity.
Exioms Privacy Policy.
Exioms Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy.
At Exioms WebPlus, we place the highest importance on handling your personal data with respect and confidentiality.
Accordingly, Exioms adheres to all applicable data protection laws and regulations, in particular to the strict Indian Data Protection Act.
The following Privacy Policy outlines which data is collected from you and how it is handled.
This policy applies to all Exioms products and services.
WebPlus is a product of Exioms Consulting.
Your Personal Information.
Exioms collects, processes, and uses your personal information without asking for explicit consent only when this information is necessary for fulfilling the terms of our contract and for billing purposes.
What does this mean for you.
What Information is Stored and How is it Used.
Information you provide.
When registering a Exioms WebPlus, it is necessary to specify a name,email and contact number.
The specified email will be used for further communication and sending login credentials.
The email address is used to send you notifications concerning your WebPlus site.
These include your login data, announcements, product-related information, and more.
You always have the option to unsubscribe from our newsletter and individual email alerts (email notification of new contact form entries, comments, or guestbook posts).
For certain service packages, such as Exioms Pro/Enterprise and/or certain features, such as the web store, other contact and payment details are required.
This data will be stored only until you delete your website account.
There is one exception to the above provision.
For legal reasons we are required to retain billing information from Exioms customers for seven years.
Information on the usage of your WebPlus Site.
When you log into your Website, the Exioms server automatically collects data on how you use Wesbite in what is known as an activity log.
The server collects information on your activity (including storage space used, number of sign-ins, etc.
),statistical data (such as your browser, date and time of log in, cookie ID, and referrer URL), and your IP address.
Storage of cookies on your computer.
Cookies are tiny text files stored on your computer.
Most frequently, cookies are stored for the duration of the current session, i.
e.
until you close your browser, but in some cases they are stored longer than this.
WebPlus uses cookies as follows.
Session cookies for identification.
When you sign into your WebPlus Account, Exioms automatically sets a cookie to recognize your browser (this is called a session cookie).
This allows you to enter your password only once per session (when you log in), without being asked repeatedly to do so while editing your Website admin.
Most browsers accept cookies by default, but it is possible to change your browser settings to refuse all cookies.
If your browser is set to refuse all cookies, WebPlus will not function properly.
You can delete cookies at any time, however, but will have to sign in again the next time you want to edit your WebPlus site.
Log information.
When any user visit your website create by WebPlus CMS in  that case Exioms server automatically saves the information that your browser sends whenever you visit this site.
The information includes your request, IP address, browser type and language, and the date and time of your request.
The information is used solely for analyzing and maintaining the technical operation of the servers and network as a whole.
It is automatically deleted after 3 months.
The communication between you and Exioms.
Should you have questions, you can contact us at any time via email or on webplus.
exioms.
com.
We save your message so as to reply as quickly as possible, and to track and improve our support service.
Your information will only be used to process your request.
Visibility and Publicly Accessible Information.
Exioms WebPlus.
Any information that you put on your WebPlus Website can be viewed by other Internet users.
Therefore, we ask that you be careful and responsible with any personal information (such as addresses and phone numbers) and confidential data (such as passwords and login details) you put on your website.
Keep in mind that password-protected areas do not absolutely prevent unauthorized access.
files uploaded on password-protected pages can still be accessed through direct links.
Administrative access to your WebPlus Website.
WebPlus team members are authorized to access the administrative section (CMS) of your WebPlus website when fulfilling customer service requests and tracking errors.
In such cases, they are able to view all parts of your websites, including all password-protected areas and the content of your Dropbox account if you have connected it to your Website.
All members of our team are regularly trained in privacy concerns and the confidentiality of data.
Sharing your Data.
Your information will never be sold to third parties.
We will not disclose any personal data without your consent, unless.
We are required by law to do so.
We are obliged to do so to enforce our Terms of Use or the rights of Exioms.
We make use of third-party services to provide you with Exioms products or services.
In these cases, we may need to share information.
For example.
Domain registration.
We purchase domain from third party domain providers in that case we have to provide your data for purchasing domain.
For more information on the nature and extent of data transferred, please consult the authority responsible for your domain.
Godaddy Policy,  BigRock Policy.
Email addresses.
When you set up an email account or forwarding address for your WebPlus Domain, we create an account for you with Rackspace Limited.
Rackspace Limited assumes responsibility for the technical delivery and management of your emails.
You can read Rackspace`s privacy policy here.
User content When you upload images or files to your WebPlus website, these files may be uploaded to the cloud services of Amazon S3 or Rackspace.
Amazon and Rackspace privacy policies can be found here.
RackSpace Policy Amazon Policy.
If Exioms is ever acquired by another company, user information could be transferred to the acquiring party.
Your Rights.
Information.
We are happy to give you a summary of all data we have collected from you.
This request for information is free of charge and will be processed as soon as it is received.
Normally, we deliver such requests via email, but you can also request it be sent via snail mail.
If you want a detailed breakdown of collected data, please let us know precisely which data you would like to learn about.
We want to make sure that you are really you and not someone pretending to be you, so we will need a copy or scan of your passport or driver`s license to fulfill a request for information.
We only use the scan or copy to check your ID and respond to your request.
Correction, Deletion or Blocking.
You are entitled to request that any data we collect from you be corrected, deleted or blocked from further use in cases that fall under the terms of the indian rule.
Changes to the Privacy Policy.
We may change our privacy policy from time to time.
Your rights, however, will not be reduced without good reason.
All changes to the privacy policy will be listed on this page.
If the changes are significant, we will announce the change to users (in an email newsletter, for example).
If you have questions or concerns about this privacy policy, you can contact us.
You can check our Refund Policy also.
Refund Policty.
"I feel sick when I am unable to point finger at someone.
Alas.
Exioms makes me feel sick by giving me no scope to point a finger at their work.
" Pradipta Panda, FounderZestdine.
"Our development experience with Exioms has been fantastic.
They have adapted flexibly to our needs.
" Gelek, Co-Founder  Dlonpo Travels.
Contact.
FAQs.
Tutorial/Help.
Apply for Reseller.
Terms of use.
Cookies.
Sitemap.
Exioms Theory Pvt Ltd Sale.
[email protected].
Copyright © 2017 Exioms.
All Rights Reserved.
| Privacy Policy | Refund Policy.
