discover our system skypod in action at MODEX .
Atlanta.
USA.
East entrance Stand 4585.
Georgia WorldCongress center.
9 - 12.
march.
ENFRESDEJP.
FR.
ES.
DE.
JP.
Skypod System.
OUR EXPERTISEE-commerceIndustryRetailGrocery.
E-commerce.
Industry.
Retail.
Grocery.
About us.
Careers.
News.
Contact.
ENFRESDEJP.
FR.
ES.
DE.
JP.
Terms & conditions.
Terms & conditions.
The website exotec.
com (here in after “the Website”) is the property of Exotec SAS with capital of €126 906,00 registered with the Companies Trade Register of Lille (France) under the number 812 878 742, with headquarters located at 251 rue Jean Monnet – 59170 Croix – France.
Intra-community VAT number.
FR75 812 878 742.
Publishing director.
Romain Moulin, CEO.
Webmaster.
.
Privacy policy.
Personal data.
The Website may be consulted without the user (here in after called.
the User) visiting the  having to reveal his/her identity or any other information of a personal nature.
The User expressly agrees that the data of a personal nature concerning him/her collected as part of use of the Website may be processed for the purposes of customer relations, job hiring and business management of the Website.
Exotec uses all appropriate technical and operational means to protect personal data against accidental or illegal destruction, accidental loss, modification, disclosure or unauthorized access.
Exotec keeps personal data no longer than necessary for completing the purposes for which they were collected or processed.
Exotec may be required to divulge information concerning the User in order to comply with any applicable law or regulation, or to respond to any legal or administrative request.
Data collection and civil liberties.
The Website complies with the revised Law on Data Collection and Civil Liberties no.
78-17 of January 6, 1978.
The User, in compliance with the Law on Data Collection and Civil Liberties of January 6, 1978, modified by law no.
2004-801 of August 6, 2004, on the protection of physical persons, has the right of access, correction, modification, challenge, or elimination over the data concerning him/her and the services that he/she has ordered and may exercise it by mail to the following address.
Communication Department – Exotec, 251 Rue Jean Monnet – 59170 Croix – France.
This right may not be exercised on-line.
Any notification made in application of article 6.
I-5 of the law of June 21, 2004, must be made by registered letter with return receipt requested to the following address.
Communication Department – Exotec, 251 Rue Jean Monnet – 59170 Croix – France.
Purpose of the website.
These General Terms and Conditions of Use apply to any User (i.
e.
the User) visiting the  Website and to all of the website and domain names registered by Exotec for representing its company, its products and its services.
The purpose of & Conditions of Use se is to define the terms, conditions and methods by which access to the Website is granted and to the services offered by it.
Navigation on the Website implies unconditional acceptance of them by the User.
The User is considered to have accepted them, simply by using the Website.
Any consultation of the Website carries with it, without limit or exception, acceptance of the & Conditions of Use in their latest version.
Exotec may modify these & Conditions of Use of the Website at any time and without prior notice.
It is the User’s responsibility to consult this page on a regular basis to stay informed of any possible changes.
The User is advised to refer regularly to the latest version of the General Terms & Conditions of Use.
The User is deemed to have accepted this latest version at each new visit to the site.
The goal of the Exotec’s Website is.
to introduce Exotec’s company, to present its range of products and services, to make the public aware of information of any kinds.
The Website may change in response to the expectations of its Users.
Exotec may modify the contents of the Website and disable certain of its functions at any time and without prior notice without liability on the part of Exotec for any consequences of such modifications for the User.
COOKIES – LOCAL STORAGE.
In order to serve the Users of the Website better, Exotec may automatically install “cookies” on their Internet browsers.
Cookies allow Exotec to record information about Website navigation which is entirely anonymous.
The User may block recording of cookies by configuring his/her Internet browser software according to the publisher’s instructions.
In order to serve better the Site Users, Exotec may use the local storage technology.
Local Storage enables Exotec to save information related to the Website browsing but remain absolutely anonymous.
GENERAL PROVISIONS.
These General Terms and Conditions of Use of the Website are subject to the French law.
Where there exist General Terms and Conditions of Use both in the French language and in a foreign language, only the French language version will define the legal relationship between the Parties and will be used in the event of divergences of interpretation.
In the event of objections on the interpretation, execution or fulfillment of any one of their stipulations, and lacking mutual agreement between the parties, any dispute related to the use of the Website will fall under the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Lille (France).
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.
The Website and its contents are the property of Exotec or are duly authorized for use by it, concerning its general concept as well as its software, artwork, data banks, design, photos and images, text, drawings, sounds, and all other creations making up the contents of the Website.
Any representation or reproduction, in whole or in part, of the Website, whether remunerated or free of charge, without prior written permission from Exotec, the author or publisher, or any beneficiary or successor thereof is forbidden, except as strictly needed for on-line consultation.
The brands, trademarks, trade names, service marks, logos and other distinctive signs which are displayed on the Website are registered trademarks and protected by the French, European and other applicable legislations.
All reproduction, use, imitation, insertion, elimination or modification of these items without prior written permission from Exotec is forbidden and constitutes an act of infringement punishable by law.
In compliance with the provisions of law no.
98-536 of July 1, 1998, on implementation in the code of intellectual property of directive 96/9 EC of March 11, 1996, concerning the legal protection of data bases, Exotec is the producer and owner of all or part of the data bases making up this site.
The User promises strictly to observe this right of intellectual property.
HYPERTEXT LINKS.
The Website may contain hypertext links to other websites (“third-party websites”).
Exotec has no control over these third-party websites which are administered independently by their operators.
Consequently, Exotec may not under any circumstances be held liable for any harm to the User resulting from access to a third-party website by activation of a hyperlink on the Website.
CONTENTS OF THE SITE – LIABILITY.
All information posted on the Website is meant solely as a descriptive presentation of the activities of Exotec.
Exotec does not guarantee the accuracy, fullness, or the updated nature of the information presented on the Website.
Exotec  may not be held liable for the interpretation, exhaustiveness, completeness and updating of the data and information contained on this Website.
The User is responsible for verifying such information.
Any documentation other than these General Terms and Conditions of Use and on any other media, such as brochure or catalog issued by the Website is only for descriptive purposes.
The information, products and services presented may undergo modification at any time and without prior notice without liability on the part of Exotec for any consequences of such modifications.
Exotec is responsible for the Website.
In no event may the liability of Exotec be invoked for any damage, of any kind whatsoever, resulting directly or indirectly from the use of the Website, such as, but not exclusively, from a virus which could damage or disable the User’s computer equipment.
The User promises not to disrupt the operation of the Website and not to use the communication services in an inappropriate way.
The User promises to use the Website or its contents in accordance with national and international regulations and so as not to injure the reputation of Exotec.
ACCESS TO THE SITE – USE.
Users acknowledge that they are properly equipped, specifically in terms of computer, telecommunications and safety, to access and use this Website.
Exotec does everything in its power to make the Website available 24 hours a day and 7 days a week.
However, testing, monitoring and maintenance activities, as well as interventions required for emergency repairs, may be made by Exotec at any time.
Thus, Exotec reserves the possibility of closing or restricting access to all or any part of the Website for maintenance operations or at the request of any legal authority and in the event of force majeure.
Exotec will make any possible effort to notify the User in advance of the occurrence of such events.
All equipment, communications, telecommunications and other expenses and costs necessary for the connection to and use of the Website, as well as all necessary authorization pertaining thereto, are the responsibility of the User.
Subscribe to our newsletter.
First name*.
Last name*.
Email*.
Langue*FrenchEnglishSpanishGermanJapanese.
RGPD* I accept the privacy policy.
Press.
Terms & conditions.
Site Map.
