User Data Policy.
1.
General.
AtExpert app, we care about your personal data, so we have prepared this PrivacyPolicy to explain how we collect, use and share it.
ThisPrivacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) details the personal data Expert app,Inc.
(“Expert app”, “we”, “us” or “our”) receivesabout you, how we process it and your rights and obligations in relation toyour personal data.
Expert app is the data controller for the purposes of theGeneral Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and any relevant locallegislation (“Data Protection Laws”).
Byusing or accessing the Service, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Capitalized terms not defined here have the meanings set forth in the terms andconditions (the “Terms and Conditions”), located at  We may update our Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our informationpractices.
If we do this and the changes are material, we will post a noticethat we have made changes to this Privacy Policy on the Website for at least 7days before the changes are made, and we will indicate the date these termswere last revised at the bottom of the Privacy Policy.
Any revisions to thisPrivacy Policy will become effective at the end of that 7 day period.
Ifyou are an employee, worker or contractor of Expert app, the information abouthow we handle your personal information is available in the Expert app internalknowledge base.
With respect to employees based in Europe, we are committed tocooperating with European data protection authorities (DPAs) and comply withthe advice given by such authorities with regard to human resources datatransferred from Europe in the context of the employment relationship.
2.
Information We Collect.
ThisPrivacy Policy explains how we collect, use and share your personal data.
Information you provide.
Throughthe registration process, you will provide us with your name, e-mail address(or parent’s e-mail address), and age or date of birth.
You will also provideus with your payment transaction information if you choose to pay for Expertapp services.
Activity Data.
Whenyou use the Service, you will submit information and content to your profile.
We will also generate data about your use of our Services including yourengagement in educational activities on the Service, or your sending ofmessages and otherwise transmitting information to other users (“ActivityData”).
We also collect technical data about how you interact with ourServices.
Whenyou use Expert app in our app or on our website, we use a service namedFullStory to log your activity.
This provides us with a set of data and asession replay of your activity on Expert app in the form of a video.
FullSorycaptures and analyzes your usage data to help us make your Expert appexperience better.
Weonly collect the data we need which means we don’t record.
o   Usernames.
o   Names.
o   Profile Images.
o   Email addresses.
o   Phone Number.
o   Locations or bios on the Profile page.
o   Passwords.
Wedo record the following data.
Usage Patterns.
o   Clicks.
o   Mouse movements.
o   Scrolling.
o   Typing.
Tech Specs.
o   Browser.
o   Device type.
o   Device ID.
o   Operating system.
o   Viewfinder size.
o   Script errors.
o   IP address.
Navigation.
o   Pages visited.
o   Referrers.
o   URL parameters.
o   Session duration.
Learning Activity.
o   Session progress.
o   Answers.
Live Speaking Practice.
Whenyou take a Live Speaking Lesson, we will use your computer's microphone throughoutthe lesson to speak to your tutor.
You also have the option of using yourcamera to share your video with your tutor.
Expert app records these audio andvideo lessons and retains them until you close your Expert app account.
Expertapp uses this data to help improve the quality of the lessons and for internalresearch purposes.
Expertapp does not share any of your personal data with your tutor.
You arecompletely anonymous to them by default, and you can freely choose whether youshow them your video or tell them any personal details such as your name duringthe conversation.
Expert app only shares some basic skill level informationwith the tutor, prior to your lesson, so they understand how best to speak toyou.
Speaking Challenges.
Somelessons involve you speaking into the app.
To recognize speech your audio maybe sent to a third party provider such as Google, Apple, or Amazon WebServices.
We may ask you to allow Expert app to collect and analyze your speechdata to help us understand the effectiveness of our lessons, and to improve theproduct.
If you choose not to share your audio with us, or if we haven’t askedyou yet, then your audio will not be used in this way.
Any audio you agree tosend to Expert app is anonymized when it reaches our servers to ensure that notrace of your personal data remains attached to the audio.
Test Data.
Ifyou register for the Expert app English Test, you will also provide us withyour gender, native language, secondary school, and self-reported test scoresfor other exams.
Each time you take a test you must also provide a photo of acurrent, valid driver’s license, passport, or other government issued ID andtake a photo of your face to verify your identity (“Testing ID”).
Whenyou use the Service to take an examination in the Expert app English Test youmust provide access to your computer’s webcam and microphone.
We will use themto record you and your screen during the entire examination period (“TestingVideo”).
From the collected data, Expert app and/or its trustedthird-parties may extract biometric signals for the use of identityverification.
While using the Expert app English Test, you will submit answersto questions and other information as part of the testing and evaluationprocess.
Thetesting software will be installed onto your computer.
During the test, thetesting software will monitor if additional applications or processes arerunning on your computer, but will not open any applications or individualfiles.
Please close any other applications by exiting from them completelyprior to starting the test.
Additionally,Expert app will be able to note if any peripherals are used during the test(i.
e.
external devices attached to your computer), but will not have anycontrol or access to these peripherals.
Please remove these before testing ifyou do not wish to have their presence known.
Expertapp will not open network packets, but will have access to network usagestatistics and the volume of network traffic.
Third Party Data.
Wealso collect information about you from third parties.
Product Research and Development.
Wemay contact you to participate in product research activities.
These mayinclude surveys, interviews, and other types of feedback sessions.
When youparticipate in these research activities, the information you provide will beused to test, improve, and develop our products.
We will record the video,audio and text transcriptions of this feedback together with any additionalcontact information you provide and will retain this data for two years.
Pleasecontact us at to.
o   Request more information about the researchactivities you have volunteered for.
o   Opt out of being contacted for researchactivities.
o   Request a copy of any research related datayou have provided to us.
3.
Cookies.
Whenyou enter the Website, we collect your browser type and your IP address (aunique address that identifies your computer on the Internet).
When you use ourmobile Application, we collect your device type, your device ID, and your IPaddress.
Inaddition, we store certain information from your browser using"cookies.
" A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computertied to information about the user.
We use session ID cookies to confirm thatusers are logged in.
If you do not want information collected through the useof cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you todeny or accept the cookie feature.
however, you should note that cookies may benecessary to provide you certain features available on the Website (e.
g.
,customized delivery of information).
4.
Information Obtained by Third Parties.
Tosupport and enhance the Service, we work with a variety of third party advertisingnetworks, marketing analytics service providers and website analysis firms,such as Google, Facebook, Oath, and Unity (collectively, “Third PartyAdvertising Service Providers”).
These Third Party Advertising ServiceProviders collect and use personal data about your visits to and use of theWebsite and mobile Application, as well as other websites in order to serve youwith advertisements and content tailored to meet your preferences and likelyinterests or better understand ad effectiveness.
Aggregate demographic andinterest data will also be used for market research purposes.
Weuse Google Analytics which is a web analytics tool that helps us understand howusers engage with the Website.
Like many services, Google Analytics usesfirst-party cookies to track user interactions as in our case, where they areused to collect information about how users use our site.
This information isused to compile reports and to help us improve our Website.
The reportsdisclose website trends without identifying individual visitors.
You can optout of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our site – for moreinformation on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across allwebsites you use, visit this Google page.
.
Inaddition, your mobile devices may offer settings that enable you to makechoices about the collection, use, or transfer of mobile app information foronline behavioral advertising (for example, Apple iOS’ Advertising ID andGoogle Android’s Advertising ID).
Please note that opting out does not preventthe display of all advertisements to you.
5.
Use of information obtained by Expertapp.
Expertapp may occasionally send you service related and product change announcementsthrough the general operation of the Service.
We will send you remindernotifications to support the Expert app teaching methodology by reinforcing thelearning cadence and help maintain your learning streak.
We process your datato help provide you with the Service and offer personalized features, tounderstand and improve our Service and to keep our Service safe and secure.
Expertapp may use or share anonymous data collected through the Service, includingActivity Data without limitation.
As a business, it is critical that we performour contract with you with the best service possible, and it is in ourlegitimate interests to perform these processing functions and to enableservice e-mails by default to keep your data secure and provide our Service.
You may opt out of any non-essential service e-mails at any time.
Wemay also use your contact information to send you notifications regarding newservices, offers and promotions offered by Expert app if you affirmatively consentto receive such communications.
Whenyou register with Expert app, some of your information is made public andavailable at various locations including expertapp.
org.
This will include thedata from your Expert app Profile and Account (Name, Location, Bio, Username,User ID, Profile picture and Expert app Plus membership status).
your followersand the people you follow.
and your learning progress (XP, Streak, Lingots,Daily Progress, Languages being learned, progress level, Crowns, Skills,Lessons undertaken, Lexemes and Strength).
Tinycards decks you create are alsopublic by default, but can be made visible to only you or to people you haveshared a link with.
Your Expert app account email address is not shownpublicly.
Third party websites may be able to read, collect and use your publicinformation for their own purposes.
Profileinformation is used by Expert app to be presented back to and edited by youwhen you access the Service and to be presented to other users.
In some cases,other users may be able to supplement your profile, including by submittingcomments (which can be deleted by you).
Expert app uses this information toprovide you with support, to send you essential notifications, to enforce ourterms, conditions and policies, to communicate with you, to administer theServices, and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, dataanalysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes.
Expert app’sTerms and Conditions provide the contractual lawful basis for these processingactivities.
Expert app English Test.
Whenyou take a test in the Expert app English Test, we will use your computer's cameraand microphone throughout the test to collect a Testing Video.
Wewill process information in connection with the Expert app English Testcomprising given name(s), surname(s), date of birth, gender, native language,country, secondary school, self-reported test scores for other exams,application IDs, a picture or scan of a current, valid driver’s license,passport or other government issued ID, your Testing ID, Testing Video,biometric signals extracted from collected data, data about active softwareprocesses, information on connected external peripherals, and volume of networktraffic, and answers to questions as part of the testing and evaluation processin order.
o   To provide accurate testing results to ScoreRecipient(s) (as defined below).
o   To compare your Testing ID to your TestingVideo to ensure that the person who registered for the examination (and whoseidentity Expert app has validated) is the same person who took the examination.
In addition, this comparison may be carried out on biometric signals that havebeen extracted from collected data.
o   To store and review the Testing Videorecording, the active software processes and the volume of network traffic tovalidate that you took the examination without improper assistance.
o   To evaluate your performance on the Expert appEnglish Test, to report results and to evaluate the usefulness, accuracy andother aspects of the Expert app English Test.
o   For our research team to validate and improvethe examination, in an anonymized format.
o   To analyze audio recordings of verbalresponses to improve our ability to understand the spoken language.
o   To share your Testing ID with your consentupon initiation of a dispute by a Score Recipient.
Expertapp’s Terms and Conditions provide the contractual lawful basis for theseEnglish Test processing activities.
6.
Sharing your personal data with thirdparties.
Expertapp shares your personal data only when it is necessary to offer the Service,legally required, or permitted by you.
Wewill provide personal data to hosting providers such as Amazon Web Services,search engine providers such as Google, analytics providers such asCrashlytics.
Thesedata processors help us bring you the Service.
For example, we may share yourinformation in order to detect where or how you encountered a bug when usingour mobile application.
In connection with these operations, our serviceproviders will have access to personal data for a limited time.
When we utilizeservice providers for processing any personal data, we implement contractualprotections limiting the use of that personal data to the provision of servicesto Expert app.
Wewill be required to access and disclose personal data in response to lawfulrequests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or in compliance with applicablelaws.
Additionally, we will access and share account or other personal datawhen we believe it is necessary to comply with law, to protect our interests orproperty, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity perpetrated through theService or using the Expert app name, or to prevent imminent harm.
This willinclude accessing and sharing personal data with other companies, lawyers,agents or government agencies.
Expertapp will share the complete and accurate results of Expert app English Testswith such institutions, including universities, potential employers, or otherthird parties, (collectively, “Score Recipients”) as specified when yousend your results after finishing a test or when you apply a coupon sponsoredby the Score Recipient before starting a test.
These results will include yourtest score, a video of the interview section of your test, and your writtenresponses to certain parts of the test.
We will also share your full name, dateof birth, e-mail address, and the photo you take of yourself.
We will nevershare examination results with any party without your approval, except thatanonymized examination results will be used by Expert app and its partners toimprove the examination and for research and analysis.
We will not share yourTesting ID with any Score Recipients, except with your consent upon initiationof a dispute by a Score Recipient.
Ifthe ownership of all or substantially all of the Expert app business, orindividual business units or assets owned by Expert app that are related to theService, were to change, your personal data will be transferred to the newowner.
In any such transfer of information, your personal data would remainsubject to this section.
Expertapp will share aggregate or anonymous data collected through the Service,including Activity Data, for purposes such as understanding or improving theservice.
7.
Data subject rights and data retention.
Youalso have the following rights in relation to the personal data we hold aboutyou, unless provided otherwise by local law.
o   To request access to, or erasure of, thepersonal data we hold about you.
o   To request us to restrict the processing ofthe personal data we hold about you.
o   To object to us processing personal datarelating to you.
o   Where you have given us consent to processyour personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
o   To export the personal data you have providedto Expert app in a format that can be transferred electronically to a thirdparty.
o   To delete your account with Expert app byfollowing the instructions available through the Service.
Expertapp will retain your data until your account is deleted, after which point wewill retain anonymous data collected through the Service, including ActivityData, which may be used by Expert app and shared with third parties in anymanner.
Information associated with the Expert app English Test, includingexamination results and your Testing Video, will be collectively deleted fromyour Expert app account after five years have passed from the date you uploadyour test, but anonymized examination data, including your examination resultsand Testing Video, will be kept indefinitely by Expert app to improve theexamination and for research and analysis.
Pleasenote that some of these rights are not absolute.
In some cases, we may refuse arequest to exercise particular rights if complying with it meant that we are nolonger able to meet our contractual obligation to provide you with particularproducts and services.
We will keep you informed as to the actions that we cantake when you make your request.
Youmay also have the right to make a GDPR complaint to the relevant SupervisoryAuthority.
A list of EEA Supervisory Authorities is available here.
the UK here.
you need further assistance regarding your rights, please contact us usingthe contact information provided below and we will consider your request inaccordance with applicable law.
In some cases our ability to uphold theserights for you may depend upon our obligations to process personal informationfor security, safety, fraud prevention reasons, compliance with regulatory orlegal requirements, or because processing is necessary to deliver the servicesyou have requested.
Where this is the case, we will inform you of specificdetails in response to your request.
8.
Third party websites and links.
Pleasenote that you may have cookies placed on your computer by third party websitesthat refer you to our Service.
Although we do not share your personal data withthese third party websites unless it is reasonably necessary to offer theService, they may be able to link certain non-personally identifiableinformation we transfer to them with personal data they previously collectedfrom you.
Please review the privacy policies of each website you visit tobetter understand their privacy practices.
In addition, Expert app would liketo inform you that anytime you click on links (including advertising banners),which take you to third party websites, you will be subject to the thirdparties’ privacy policies.
OurServices contain links to other sites operated by third parties.
Expert appdoes not control such other sites and is not responsible for their content,their privacy policies, or their use of personal data, including any personalor financial information collected by our third party payment processor toprocess payments for in-app purchases.
Expert app’s inclusion of such linksdoes not imply any endorsement of the content on such sites or of their ownersor operators except as disclosed on the Services.
Any information submitted byyou directly to these third parties is subject to that third party’s privacypolicy.
9.
California privacy rights.
Residentsof California have the right to.
o   Know what personal information we collectabout you and from where we collect it.
o   Access a copy of the personal information wehold about you.
o   Understand how we process your personalinformation and how it may be shared.
o   Opt out of having your personal informationshared with certain third parties.
Tomake such a request, please send an email to .
10.
Children under age of digital consent.
Weknow that children deserve extra privacy protection.
That’s why we treat childusers differently to ensure their parents are in control and we only collectthe bare minimum information we need to make Expert app work.
Whena user creates a Expert app account we collect their age and compare it to thelocal standard of child online consent depending on the country they registeredin.
We refer to users under this age as “child users”.
Child users arepermitted to create a user account but we ask them to provide their parent’semail address instead of their own.
We also prevent child users from supplyingtheir own name because we don’t need that information.
Afterregistration we will send an email notifying the parent about Expert app’sprivacy and information practices regarding child users, including what personaldata we collect and how we use, share, and protect that personal data.
Theemail also explains how parents can request that Expert app access, change ordelete the personal data about their child.
Childusers receive the following special treatment.
o   Lessons are made age appropriate by removingmature words like “beer” or “wine”.
o   Advertisements are set to family safe content.
o   The Profile page is hidden, preventing thechild from stating their name, location or bio.
o   Uploading an avatar photo is disabled.
o   Promotional emails are disabled.
o   Leaderboards are disabled.
o   Discussion forums are disabled.
o   The child’s profile is made private and hiddenfrom other users’ searches.
o   Other users are unable to follow the child.
o   The ability to follow other users or searchfor other users is disabled.
o   The ability to send an invitation email isdisabled.
o   Finding friends on Facebook is disabled.
o   Social logins with Facebook, Google or Appleare disabled.
o   Social follow buttons for Twitter, Facebookand Instagram are disabled.
Inaddition, all users under the age of 16 receive the following specialtreatment.
o   Advertisements are set to non-personalised.
o   Third party behavioral tracking is disabled.
o   Third party analytics is disabled.
Toprevent restricted users from amending these features, the settings will behidden or grayed out.
In the future, once we’re sure the user is old enough wewill automatically remove the restrictions, reset the settings to theirdefaults and make the settings visible for them to configure how they choose.
Withregards to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Rule ("COPPA"),Expert app only collects personal information from children under the age of 13for the sole purpose of performing internal operations of the Service.
If wediscover that we have unknowingly collected additional personal informationfrom these children we will delete it.
If you believe this to be the case,please contact us at .
11.
Links.
TheService may contain links to other websites.
We are not responsible for theprivacy practices of other websites.
We encourage users to be aware when theyleave the Service to read the privacy statements of other websites that collectpersonally identifiable information.
This Privacy Policy applies only toinformation collected by Expert app via the Service.
12.
Information security.
Expertapp has implemented administrative and technical safeguards it believes areappropriate to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of yourpersonal data, Testing ID, User Photo, access credentials, and Expert appEnglish Test results.
However, given sufficient resources, a determinedattacker could defeat those safeguards and may, as a result, gain access to thedata we seek to protect.
13.
Do Not Track.
TheService is not designed to respond to “do not track” signals sent by somebrowsers.
14.
Contact Us.
Forall data privacy inquiries and any questions or concerns you have about thisPrivacy Policy, please contact our Data Protection Officer at .
Forall support inquiries, please go to .
Last revised on12th July, 2021.
