TechnologyWebAppsECommerceERP SolutionsOur Work.
Web.
Apps.
ECommerce.
ERP Solutions.
Our Work.
Marketing & CreativeBrand StrategyBrand DevelopmentCampaign.
Brand Strategy.
Brand Development.
Campaign.
Branded Merchandise.
Project Inquiry.
ContactContact UsAbout UsCareers.
Contact Us.
About Us.
Careers.
FAYA.
80BlogEditions.
Blog.
Editions.
Privacy Policy.
FAYA cares deeply about online privacy.
If you have any questions concerning this privacy policy, please contact us.
Information Collection and Use by FAYA.
FAYA collects user submitted information such as name, and e-mail address to identify users and to send updates to those users relating to FAYA services.
FAYA also collects other profiling data including but not limited to.
Website URL’s, phone numbers, and project descriptions.
FAYA also logs non-personally-identifiable information including IP address, aggregate user data, and browser type, from users and visitors to the site.
This data is used to manage the website, track usage and improve the website services.
This non-personally-identifiable information may be shared with third-parties to provide more relevant services and advertisements to members.
User IP addresses are recorded for security and monitoring purposes.
From time to time, FAYA or a partner, may sponsor a cause or contest on the FAYA Website.
Users may be asked to provide personal information including name, e-mail address or home address or to answer questions in order to participate.
We may transfer personal information to certain ad partners that you have explicitly requested to receive information from.
It will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the personal information and whose privacy statement will apply.
Use of Cookies.
FAYA uses cookies to store visitors’ preferences and to record session information, for purposes including ensuring that visitors are not repeatedly offered the same advertisements and to customize newsletter, advertising, and Web page content based on browser type and user profile information.
You may be able to configure your browser to accept or reject all or some cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set — each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences — however, you must enable cookies from FAYA in order to use some functions on the FAYA Website.
Please note that FAYA allows 3rd party advertisers that are presenting advertisements on some of our pages to set and access their cookies on your computer.
Advertisers’ use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not the FAYA Privacy Policy.
Links.
FAYA contains links to sites.
FAYA is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites.
When linking to another site a user should read the privacy policy stated on that site.
Our privacy policy only governs information collected on the FAYA Website.
FAYA Email Notifications Opt-out.
Members who no longer wish to receive updates or notifications by e-mail can reply to any FAYA e-mail with the word “UNSUBSCRIBE” written in the message body.
Third Party Advertising.
Ads that may appear on the FAYA Website may be delivered to users by FAYA or one of our Web advertising partners.
Our Web advertising partners may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement.
In this way, ad servers may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on.
This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by FAYA and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Security.
FAYA takes precautions to ensure that member account information is kept private.
We use reasonable measures to protect member information that is stored within our database, and we restrict access to member information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions, such as our customer service personnel, technical, and marketing staff.
Our databases are routinely backed up.
The backup data are stored in encrypted form with the AES-256 algorithm.
The retrieval of data is strictly restricted for regulatory purposes.
After 30 days, all Personally Identifiable Information is erased from our database.
Sharing and Disclosure of Information FAYA Collects.
Except as otherwise described in this privacy statement, FAYA will not disclose personal information to any third party unless we believe that disclosure is necessary.
(1) to conform to legal requirements or to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other legal process received by FAYA, whether or not a response is required by applicable law.
(2) to enforce the FAYA Terms of Use Agreement or to protect our rights.
or (3) to protect the safety of members of the public and users of FAYA services.
FAYA reserves the right to transfer personal information to a successor that acquires rights to that information as a result of the sale of FAYA or substantially all of its assets to that successor in interest.
For more information see the “Changes in Our Privacy Policy” section below.
Changes in Our Privacy Policy.
From time to time we may make changes to our privacy policy.
If we make changes, we will post them on our Website to make users aware of what the changes are so users will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and when we may disclose it.
A user is bound by any minor changes to the policy when she or he uses the site after those changes have been posted.
If, however, we are going to use users’ personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify by posting a notice on our Website for 30 days.
COMPANY.
About Us.
Careers.
Contact.
Terms of Use.
Privacy Policy.
SERVICES.
TechnologyWebApp DevelopmentE-Commerce SolutionsERP Solutions.
Web.
App Development.
E-Commerce Solutions.
ERP Solutions.
Marketing & CreativeBrand StrategyBrand DevelopmentCampaign.
Brand Strategy.
Brand Development.
Campaign.
Branded Merchandise.
SUPPORT.
FAQs.
CONTACT US.
T | 866-686-5988.
E | .
A | 2330 S.
Archibald Ave.
Ontario, CA 91761.
Copyright © FAYA Corporation 2022.
Facebook.
Google plus.
Twitter.
Youtube.
