About Us Our VisionOur TeamOur Partners.
Our Vision.
Our Team.
Our Partners.
Products favoriot platformFavoriot Platform for DeveloperFavoriot Platform for AdminDevelopers PortfolioIoT TrainingCalendarfavorsenseDscoverVideos.
favoriot platformFavoriot Platform for DeveloperFavoriot Platform for AdminDevelopers Portfolio.
Favoriot Platform for Developer.
Favoriot Platform for Admin.
Developers Portfolio.
IoT TrainingCalendar.
Calendar.
favorsense.
DscoverVideos.
Videos.
Pricing.
Resources Favoriot GithubFavoriot Platform DocumentationFAVORSENSE Resources.
Favoriot Github.
Favoriot Platform Documentation.
FAVORSENSE Resources.
forum.
Contact Us.
About Us Our VisionOur TeamOur Partners.
Our Vision.
Our Team.
Our Partners.
Products favoriot platformFavoriot Platform for DeveloperFavoriot Platform for AdminDevelopers PortfolioIoT TrainingCalendarfavorsenseDscoverVideos.
favoriot platformFavoriot Platform for DeveloperFavoriot Platform for AdminDevelopers Portfolio.
Favoriot Platform for Developer.
Favoriot Platform for Admin.
Developers Portfolio.
IoT TrainingCalendar.
Calendar.
favorsense.
DscoverVideos.
Videos.
Pricing.
Resources Favoriot GithubFavoriot Platform DocumentationFAVORSENSE Resources.
Favoriot Github.
Favoriot Platform Documentation.
FAVORSENSE Resources.
forum.
Contact Us.
Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy was last modified on March 4, 2021.
This page describes on how personal information is handled by Favoriot Sdn.
Bhd.
Favoriot Sdn.
Bhd.
will handle your personal information (“Personal Data” as defined below) in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”) and keep them confidential.
Please read this Privacy Policy and understand the ways in which your Personal Data will be collected, used, processed and disclosed.
The Company reserves the right to revise this Privacy Policy as it deems appropriate and the updated versions will be posted on the Website (.
Favoriot’s Privacy Position can be summarized as follows.
(1) We are open about how we collect and use your personal information.
(2) We are committed to using your personal information to provide you with better and more relevant services.
(3) We always take steps to ensure that we keep your personal information safe and secure.
General.
We value your privacy and take the protection of your personal information seriously, so it is important to us that you understand how we collect and process personal information about you.
This privacy notice applies to the processing of the personal information that we collect about you when you use any of our services, including our telecommunication networks, applications or any of our websites (collectively referred to as “services”).
Please read it in conjunction with the Terms of Service of any service that you use, which may set out additional service-specific terms regarding the personal information we collect about you.
This privacy notice explains what personal information we collect about you, why and how we collect and process it, and how we share it with others.
It also explains the privacy rights that you have in relation to your personal information and how you can exercise these rights.
Key Privacy Principle.
Following are some important information that you should know.
We may collect your name, address, email address, birth date, gender, contact numbers, credit or debit card information, travel information, personal interests, etc.
(“Personal Data”).
Dscover is a location-based application.
We need to access and store your location data in order provide services to you.
However, you can disable your location service, but it would affect the services that we provide.
The location data (if enabled) may be relayed using SMS and / or data service to our system.
If your Personal Data is stolen, hacked, lost or damaged due to accident or by any other means, without any fault or negligence on the part of the Company, the Company may not be responsible for any damages incurred to the extent permitted under Malaysia Law.
Information That You Provide.
We collect the following types of information when you our service.
Registration and Profile Information.
When you register an account, we may collect your personal information such as your username, first name, last name, email address, mobile phone number.
During registration we will send you a verification email which will enable us to verify your account.
You may also add a photo using the app after successful registration.
We may also collect billing information for premium services.
Profile Picture.
You can add a profile picture after successful registration.
It would make it easier others to identify you and interact with you.
Emergency Number.
You may also add personal emergency number in the app.
Dscover will automatically call the first emergency contact number when you trigger the SOS button and create an SMS content for you to send it manually.
Location.
Dscover is a location-based service.
We use the location provided by the phone to provide the intended services.
You provide us the location through the permission setting in your phone and in the app.
Your location information is always associated with a timestamp which we use to provide history and places you visited.
However, you can disable the location feature by turning off location service in the phone or turn off your location sharing within the app.
The location will also be used when SOS is triggered.
Information Obtained When You Use Dscover.
We collect information when you use Dscover so that we can provide you with a better service.
Here are some of the information we collect.
Location information.
We collection location information so that we can build useful services and features.
For example, we can identify your most frequent location based on your use of the app and its location data.
We use your location and share it among the group members that you are in.
We also store your footprint, your location data, so that we can generate your location history.
Usage Information.
We collect information when you interact in the group.
Some of the information collected are the list, post it and planner that you have created, SOS location and time and information when you enter or exit a geofence.
Usage of Information.
Dscover wants to provide the best location-based service.
As such, we may use your information for the following.
Use the email or phone number with password to provide you access to the app.
To develop, improve services in the app as well as to maintain and protect our services.
Analysis of data.
Examples of usage of data.
Provide location information to other group members.
Provide historical path that can be viewed by all group members.
Measuring, analyzing and predicting your movement patterns based on your location data.
Gather speed of movement for driving related analysis.
Store some information locally on your device, so that you can open the app and view content faster.
Send you push notifications.
Marketing and communicating with you in relation to products, events and services offered by the Company.
Contacting you for product or customer satisfaction surveys and/or market research or promotions.
Responding to business operation issues.
To transfer or disclose the Personal Data to the Third Party or Sub-Contractor or Personal Data collection center for data management purposes.
and.
To manage your account.
Sharing of Information.
We share your information to other group members in the app and with third parties outside the company.
We share your personal information, including name, email and location data within your Dscover Group.
Depending on the features and functionality enabled, we may share your real time location and when you enter or exit geofences within your group.
With third parties.
We may share your personal information with our third-party business partners, vendors and consultants who perform services on our behalf or who help us provide our Services, such as accounting, managerial, technical, marketing or analytic services.
With third parties for legal reasons.
We may share information about you if we reasonably believe that disclosing the information is needed to (a) if the disclosure is necessary for any investigation or proceedings.
(b) if the disclosure is necessary for evaluative purposes.
(c) if the disclosure is necessary for the Company to obtain legal services.
and/or (d) if the disclosure is required by any applicable law, rule or regulation.
We may at any time buy or sell/divest the company, or any combination of its products, services, assets and/or businesses.
Personal information such as customer names and email addresses, and other user information related to the Service will likely be one of the items transferred in these types of transactions.
We may also share, transfer or assign such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions or similar transactions or proceedings.
Any information or content that you voluntarily post to the website or to our Facebook page will automatically be available to the public.
We may publicly post your reviews and comments online on our website or mobile app, or link your reviews to third party websites.
Third Party Integration.
Our service may also contain integration with a third-party links.
Through these integrations, you may be providing information (including your personal information) directly to the third-party, us or both.
You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for how those third parties collect or use your information.
As always, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of every third-party service that you visit or use, including those third parties you interact with through our services.
Your Control of The Information.
You may choose not to provide information through the Service and Dscover may not be able to provide its intended Services to you.
Modify your account information and settings.
You may modify your account information, update or amend your personal information, or change your password (for default login method only) at any time by logging in to your account.
If you have any questions about reviewing or modifying your account information, you can contact us directly at .
Delete your account and personal information.
If you wish to delete your account, you can do it through the app or by sending an email to .
Location.
You can change your location setting in the app.
This setting allows you to enable or disable your location sharing with others in the group.
Notification.
You can also manage the notification from your group members’ app when they enter or exit a geofence.
Right to object.
You have the right to object to our use of your information.
With many types of data, we’ve provided you with the ability to simply delete it if you don’t want us processing it anymore.
For other types of data, we’ve given you the ability to stop the use of your data by disabling the feature altogether.
You can do these things in the app.
If there are other types of information you don’t agree with us processing, you can contact us at .
Children.
Our services are not intended for anyone under 13.
Dscover does not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 13 without verifiable consent for a parent or guardian.
Additionally, you must be old enough to consent to the processing of your information in your country.
If Dscover learns that we have inadvertently collected personal information of a child without parental consent, we will take appropriate steps to delete this information.
If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under the age of 13 has a registered account with our Service without your consent, please alert us immediately by emailing so that we may delete that child’s personal information from our systems.
Acceptance of the Policy.
You are given a notice that the products and/or services will only be made available to you upon your accepting and expressly consenting to the terms of this Privacy Policy, where such express acceptance and consent shall be evidenced by you clicking, checking or indicating accordingly on the relevant consent portion of the registration forms or such other documents as to be furnished to you, as the case may be.
By so indicating your acceptance of the term of this Privacy Policy, you shall be deemed to have expressly consented to the processing of your personal data by the Company or any of its authorized agents, employees, partners and/or contractors for purposes as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
You hereby agree and accept that by registering and/or continuing to use the products and/or services, you authorize and consent to your Personal Data being processed by and where required, disclosed to classes of third parties as identified by the Company for the purposes of the Company providing the products and/or services to you.
For the avoidance of doubt, you also hereby explicitly consent to the Company processing any sensitive Personal Data relevant to such purposes stated in this policy.
Caution about Loss and Inappropriate Use of Personal Data.
Please note that sending information over the internet is not 100% secured.
The Company will use reasonable endeavors to secure all information flow over the internet but cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted over the internet in any case, whether on data inflow to the Company or outflow from the Company.
Right to Amend Our On-Line Privacy Statement.
The Company reserves the right to amend this Statement at any time.
Changes will be effective immediately upon posting on the Website.
By publishing this Privacy Policy in the Website, we shall deem our customers and/or clients have been duly notified.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the Service, please contact us at .
services.
favoriot platform favorsense Favoriot Platform Pricing.
company.
About Us Blog Media NeWSROOM Contact Us.
learn more.
Favoriot Platform V3.
0.
0 Favorsense Resources FAVORIOT FORUM.
connect with us.
Facebook LinkedIn You Tube Twitter Instagram.
Copyright © 2022 All rights reserved.
