Feasycom Privacy Policy.
Prompt clauseYour trust is very important to us.
We are well aware of the importance of personal information to you.
We will follow the "Network Security Law of the People's Republic of China", "Information Security Technology Personal Information Security Regulations", "Telecom and Internet Users Personal Information Protection Regulations ", "Decision of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on Strengthening the Protection of Network Information" and other relevant laws and regulations, take corresponding security protection measures, and try to protect your personal information as safe and controllable.
In view of this, "FeasySenS" (hereinafter referred to as "we") has formulated this "Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "this Policy/This Privacy Policy") and reminds you.
This policy applies to all products and services provided on our website.
If our affiliated company's products or services use our platform's products or services (for example, use our platform account to log in) but do not have an independent privacy policy, this policy also applies to that product or service.
It is important to note that this policy does not apply to services provided to you by other independent third parties, nor does it apply to products or services for which legal statements and privacy policies have been independently set up on our platform.
For example , when a third party on our platform relies on this platform to provide services to you, the personal information you provide to the third party does not apply to this privacy policy, and we are not responsible for any third party's use of the information provided by you.
Before using the products or services of our platform, please be sure to read and thoroughly understand this policy, and use the relevant products or services after confirming your full understanding and consent.
Once you start using the products or services on our platform, it means that you have fully understood and agreed to this policy.
The first part of the definitionOur platform.
refers to the website and client of our website (domain name is feasycom.
com ).
Our platform services.
our Internet-based, to include our various forms platform website, clients, etc.
, (including new forms of service technology developments in the future) the services provided to you.
User.
Hereinafter referred to as "you" or "user", it refers to an individual or organization that registers, logs in, uses, browses, and obtains services under this policy.
Personal information.
refers to various information recorded electronically or in other ways that can identify a specific natural person alone or in combination with other information or reflect the activities of a specific natural person.
Sensitive information.
Refers to personal information including ID number, personal biometric information, bank account number, property information, whereabouts, transaction information, and minor information.
Part Two Integration of Third Party SDKs1.
Tencent Bugly.
Provides professional anomaly reporting and operational statistics to help developers quickly discover and resolve anomalies, and to keep track of product operations and user feedback.
Part Three Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy section will help you understand the following.
1.
List and purpose of permissions required for app installation and operation2.
How we collect information3.
How we use information4.
How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose information5.
The use of cookies6.
Information storage7.
How do we protect your information8.
How do you manage your information9.
How do we deal with minors’ information10.
How to update this privacy policy11.
Dispute Resolution12.
How to contact us1.
List and purpose of permissions required for app installation and operation.
