Products                                                  Fibocom's high-performance wireless communication modules are designed to enable global IoT applications across multiple sectors                                            MBB Wireless Modules5G, LTE Cat 20/Cat 18/Cat 16/Cat 12/Cat 9/Cat 6/Cat 4, WiFi IoT ModulesIoT Wireless ModulesLTE Cat1/Cat M, NB-IoT, 3G, 2G, IoT ModulesSmart Wireless ModulesLTE Cat 6/Cat 4, WiFi Smart IoT ModulesAutomotive-Grade Modules5G, LTE Cat 6/ Cat 4, WiFi Automotive IoT ModulesTechnologiesC-V2X5G4GLPWASmart.
5G, LTE Cat 20/Cat 18/Cat 16/Cat 12/Cat 9/Cat 6/Cat 4, WiFi IoT Modules.
LTE Cat1/Cat M, NB-IoT, 3G, 2G, IoT Modules.
LTE Cat 6/Cat 4, WiFi Smart IoT Modules.
5G, LTE Cat 6/ Cat 4, WiFi Automotive IoT Modules.
Technologies.
Technologies  C-V2X5G4GLPWASmart.
IoT Applications                                                  Our wireless modules are widely deployed in expanded IoT scenarios                                            5GSmart EnergyIndustrial IoTPublic SecuritySmart RetailVehicle & TransportationACPCHome & HealthcareSmart CitiesSmart AgricultureConnectivity Equipment.
Service & Support                                                  Find suitable modules for IoT applications, download technical documents, and access global / local on-site support.
Technical FAQ                                                                                                            Download Center                                                                                                            Select Products                                                                                                            Customer Service.
Info Center                                                  The latest updates and perspectives of wireless modules and IoT applications.
Case StudiesBlogWhitepaperNewsEventsVideosNewsletter.
Company  About UsCareersPartnersContact UsInvestor Relations.
Sign In.
Sign Up.
Forgot Password.
Sign up now.
Fibocom ServicePlatform Legal Notice.
Reminders.
Fibocom Wireless Inc.
(hereinafterreferred to as “Fibocom”) reminds you that.
Definitions.
The Fibocom Platform (hereinafter referred toas “the Platform” or “this Platform”) includes but is not limited to the Fibocomapp, website and client.
Fibocom refers to the single or collectivedesignation of the operators of the Fibocom Platform, which includes but is notlimited to Fibocom Wireless Inc.
and its subsidiaries, branches and affiliatesrelated to this notice.
All Rights Reserved.
Unless otherwise stated by Fibocom, allrights (including but not limited to intellectual property rights, copyrights,trademark rights, patent rights and trade secrets, and other relevant rights)of all products, software, programs, technologies, data and other information(including but not limited to words, images, photos, pictures, videos, audio,charts, layouts, and electronic documents) on the Fibocom Platform belong toFibocom, its affiliates or its licensors.
Platform Contents.
Fibocom will do its best to provide accuratematerials and information on the Platform, including but not limited to texts,pictures, data, ideas, suggestions, websites, or links.
However, Fibocom doesnot guarantee the accuracy, completeness, adequacy and reliability of suchmaterials and contents, and expressly represents that it bears no liability forany error or omission of such materials and contents.
In addition, Fibocommakes no guarantee, express or implied, regarding such materials and contents,including but not limited to guarantee of ownership, non-infringement againstany third-party rights, quality guarantees, or guarantees that they are free ofmalware.
Fibocom bears no liability for any direct, indirect, incidental,special, or consequential losses, or profit losses, even if Fibocom has beeninformed of the possibility of such losses.
Fibocom may modify the website or thecontents of the Platform at any time without any notice or prompt, so pleasevisit this website regularly to get the latest information.
Any mention ofnon-Fibocom products or services by Fibocom on the Platform is only forproviding related information, and does not constitute the approval orrecommendation of such products or services, does not constitute an offer tosell or provide such products or services, does not mean that such products orservices are available in all countries, and that the name, contents orspecifications of such products or services are identical with the descriptionson the Platform.
With respect to the detailed consultation on whether certainproducts or services are available or applicable, please contact localaffiliates or distributors of Fibocom.
Fibocom makes no representation,warranty or approval for any product, service or information provided on thewebsite, and all products and services shall be subject to the terms andconditions of the Fibocom’s sales contract.
Use of the Platform.
You agree to abide bythe national laws and regulations, and the public morals of the society whenusing this website and its contents.
You shall not make, consult, copy ordisseminate this website or its contents to engage in any illegal activitiesthat infringe other persons’ interests and rights, disrupt social order andundermine the social stability, nor shall you use this website or its contentsto engage in any activities that endanger or attempt to endanger computersystems or network security.
You shall not use the Platform and/or any of itscontents for any purpose that is illegal or prohibited by these terms of use,and shall not use the Platform and/or any of its content for any illegalpurpose, or instigate any illegal activities or other activities that infringeupon the rights of Fibocom or others.
You shall not illegally or without authorizationaccess this Platform and any part of it, or accept any service provided throughthis Platform, or connect to any other system or network connected to theFibocom server.
You agree not to take any action that wouldcause unreasonable or disproportionately high loads on the Platform and itsrelated structures, systems and networks.
You shall neither scan or otherwise test the Platformand/or its networks for loopholes, nor damage the security or identityverification measures adopted by the website or Platform and its services.
Youshall neither reverse search, track or attempt to track any information aboutany other users or visitors of Fibocom and this Platform, nor in any way abuseor disclose any service or information of the Platform.
You shall not in any way (including butnot limited to using any device, software or program) disturb or attempt todisturb the normal operation of this Platform and the normal use of thisPlatform by others.
Third-party Links.
This Platform may provide or retain thehyperlinks or pointers to several third-party websites.
Such hyperlinks orpointers are only provided for convenience, and do not represent approval orrecommendation of such information by Fibocom, do not mean that Fibocom is associatedwith these third parties, or that they are used for promotional or advertisingpurposes.
The contents in any of the linked Platforms are not under the controlof Fibocom and you shall not use such contents as basis for any specificpurpose.
if you decide to visit such Platforms, you shall bear the risks andresponsibilities by yourself.
Trademark.
All trademarks and logos used or displayed onthis Platform shall belong to Fibocom or its licensors.
Without prior writtenpermission, no person shall in any way use the name, trademarks and logos ofFibocom.
Any content contained on this Platform should not be regarded asgranting permission or the right to use any of the aforementioned trademarks,logos in an implied, non-objective or other manner without the writtenpermission of Fibocom or other parties.
Copyright.
All materials or contents carried on this Platformare protected by copyright laws, and all copyrights are owned by Fibocom or itslicensors, except for the contents referenced from other parties as indicated.
Without the prior written permission of Fibocom and other parties, no personshall in any way copy, modify, disseminate, distribute, pirate, display,dismantle, reverse engineer or decompile any content contained in this Platform,nor shall they connect or transmit such content using hyperlinks, load suchcontent on other servers by “mirroring”, store such content in any informationretrieval system, or use the content for any other purposes.
Products or Services Provided.
Subject to the international or borderlessnature of the internet, the information provided on this Platform is alsointernational and may include references to the products or services that arenot launched in your country/region.
Therefore, not all products or servicesmentioned in this website are available in your country or region.
Pleasecontact the local sales representative or distributor for details of theproducts or services available in your country or region.
Disclaimers.
Unless otherwise agreed in writing, Fibocomshall neither be liable for any indirect, incidental, special or punitivedamages of any kind, nor for any loss of profits, revenues, data or data use.
To the extent permitted by applicable laws, Fibocom shall not be liable for anymaterials on this website or for any opinions or product information publishedby users themselves, regardless of the cause of such liability or the theory oftort liability it is based on.
Applicable Laws and Dispute Resolution.
You agree and acknowledge that all mattersrelating to your visiting or using this Platform shall be interpreted andgoverned by the laws of the People’s Republic of China (except for applicablelaws of the regions of Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan), and the competent court inShenzhen, Guangdong Province, China shall have relevant jurisdiction.
Sign Up.
Technologies                        C-V2X5G4GLPWASmart.
Products                        MBB Wireless ModulesIoT Wireless ModulesSmart Wireless ModulesAutomotive-Grade Modules.
IoT Applications                        5GSmart EnergyIndustrial IoTPublic SecuritySmart RetailVehicle & TransportationACPCHome & HealthcareSmart CitiesSmart AgricultureConnectivity Equipment.
Service & Support                                                            Technical FAQ                                                                    Download Center                                                                    Select Products                                                                    Customer Service                                                                    Complaints And Suggestions.
Info Center                                                            Case Studies                                                                    Blog                                                                    Whitepaper                                                                    News                                                                    Events                                                                    Videos                                                                    User                                                                    Newsletter.
Company                                                            About Us                                                                    Careers                                                                    Partners                                                                    Contact Us                                                                    Investor Relations.
Newsletter.
Submit your E-mail to Subscribe Our Newsletter.
Hi there.
👋 What can we help you today.
