ProductsField Service ManagementInspection Management SoftwareAsset Management SoftwareCMMS Software.
Field Service Management.
Inspection Management Software.
Asset Management Software.
CMMS Software.
Features.
IndustriesMachinery and Equipment ManufacturingHVACOil and GasConstructionFacility Management.
Machinery and Equipment Manufacturing.
HVAC.
Oil and Gas.
Construction.
Facility Management.
ResourcesCase StudiesBlog.
Case Studies.
Blog.
FieldCircle Privacy Policy.
FieldCircle respects your privacy.
By operating  (hereinafter referred to as the Website), we aim to provide information about FieldCircle Software, enable you to subscribe for FieldCircle Software License and also try to understand your preferences.
For this purpose, we collect, store, manage, and use non-personally-identifying information.
We have created this Privacy Policy that delineates our policies and practices with regard to the collection, processing, usage, and disclosure of personal information.
It contains information on the choices made available to you regarding use, access, and rectification of your personal information.
As the data collection practices are subject to change based on the availability of tools and advancement in technology, our methods of collecting and processing of data change as well.
We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to keep yourself updated.
If we believe that the changes are significant and impact your privacy, we will notify you about the changes through your email address registered with us.
Your Consent.
This Privacy Policy is a part of our Terms of Use.
If you use our Services, including Website or any application, you agree to the terms and provisions of this Privacy Policy and are bound by the Agreements in our Terms of Use.
If you do not agree to provisions specified herein, please do not use our Services, including Website.
1.
Your Use of Our Subscription Service.
FieldCircle provides software subscription service to customers in order to manage their sales or service operations.
While using the subscription service, customers store a variety of data related to their business.
This data may include contact information of their employees and customers, locations of their business, and type of products and services they deal in.
All types of data is stored and managed on the servers of FieldCircle’s vendors.
FieldCircle’s customers use this data for their own business needs and FieldCircle uses this data to understand the needs of our customers and related requirements.
Use by FieldCircle.
Our web pages for Subscription Services provide information about the FieldCircle Software.
When a visitor arrives on these webpages, we collect and manage their information for our own marketing purposes according to this Privacy Policy.
Use by Our Customers.
Our customers use the Subscription Services to manage their business processes.
FieldCircle does not control the type of information customers collect and store using the FieldCircle software.
This type of information belongs to the customers and is used, disclosed and protected by them according to their own Privacy Policy.
We process the business information of customers in order to enable them to manage their business processes as in accordance with our agreements with our customers.
This type of business information is stored on our service provider’s servers.
Our agreement with our customers restricts us to meddle with collection and management of this type of information, except as necessary to provide and improve our FieldCircle Software Services, as according to this Privacy Policy, and/or our agreement with the customers and as permitted by the law.
We are not directly related to the individuals or businesses that our customers deal with and whose Personal Information our customers collect and store in FieldCircle Software.
This Privacy Policy states herein that we prohibit our customers to collect, store, or manage Sensitive Information using FieldCircle Software.
FieldCircle acknowledges that you have the right to access, collect, use, and maintain your Personal Information.
You are solely responsible for rectifying, deleting, or updating the information you have collected using FieldCircle software.
If you are required to remove any data, you can request us in writing and we will respond to you within an agreed time of 30 days.
FieldCircle is not responsible for how our customers use the data collected, stored, and managed by them.
If you are directly related to our customers and have no direct relationship with us, please contact the customer regarding the use of your Personal Information.
We do not sell or trade your Personal Information to any third-party, however, we may share your Personal Information with companies that help us provide our service.
This Privacy Policy covers such transfers of Personal Information.
Sensitive Information.
Sensitive Information refers to the personal financial account information, credit or debit card numbers, passport numbers, social security numbers or similar personal identifiers that determine your racial or ethnic origin, physical or mental health information, and/or employment status.
We collect and process billing information such as credit or debit card numbers, using third party PCI-compliant service providers in order to let you subscribe to our Software License.
Other than this, WE DO NOT COLLECT ANY SENSITIVE INFORMATION FROM YOU.
2.
Information We Collect.
FieldCircle tries to collect minimum information to understand your preferences, for our own marketing purposes, and respond to your requests.
If you choose not to provide us with any information, you must refrain from visiting our Website.
To use our Website and software subscription services, you must allow us to collect Personal Information and Navigational Information.
When You Visit Our Website.
As soon as you land on the Website, we collect your Navigation Information such as your location.
This information helps us know where most of our customers reside so that we can understand them better and provide them with more relevant services.
The information collected here can not be used to identify a person in any way.
Types of Personal Information That We Collect.
Information that you voluntarily submit to us such as your email address, company name, and phone number when you Sign-up for a service or request more information.
Information about your transaction that you enter into the Website when purchasing the FieldCircle Software License.
Publicly available information on the Internet such as Google, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, and others that we acquire from other service providers.
Navigational Information such as browser type, geographical location, referral source, and session duration on the Website that can directly or indirectly identify an individual.
Information Collected From Log Files.
When you arrive on our Website, we automatically collect the information about your computer hardware and software, which include.
IP address for the security of the platform and identify malicious activities (And not to identify the personal information).
Internet Service Provider (ISP).
Operating system.
Browser type.
Domain name.
The HTML pages, graphics, and other files viewed.
Clickstream data.
Session duration.
Referring website addresses.
We use Cookies and Similar Technologies to collect the Navigation Information from you.
Please refer to our Cookie Policy to learn how we collect and manage your cookie preferences.
Information Collected From Third Parties.
At times, we may associate with third-party, including our partners to receive your Personal Information in order to engage in joint marketing activities and collect information from publicly available sources.
Information About Children.
WE DO NOT KNOWINGLY OR INTENTIONALLY COLLECT INFORMATION OF CHILDREN BELOW 16 YEARS OF AGE.
If you believe we have collected information about children under 16, PLEASE WRITE TO US AT to DELETE THE INFORMATION.
3.
Our Use of Information We Collect.
We abide by this Privacy Policy in our use of information collected.
Our customers and website visitors are obligated through our agreements to comply with this Privacy Policy.
Our Use of Personal Information.
We may use your Personal Information to.
Understand your preferences in order to improve your browsing experience and identify your requirements related to FieldCircle software.
Send marketing communication material to you to inform you about latest updates on FieldCircle Software or information that we may think might be interesting to you.
Share statistical information about our users with companies, without identifying any individual user.
Provide information about latest modifications in our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy or any other legal agreements.
We may use information collected from FieldCircle Software to.
To detect, prevent, and resolve any technical issue.
To respond to customer queries and requests.
To fulfil the obligations under Terms of Use.
4.
Our Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information.
Our legal basis to collect and use the personal information are (1) we have your consent to do so, which is granted to us when you confirm the prompts produced by the Website and by your continued use of Website as in agreement with the Terms of Use, (2) perform our legitimate business interests in providing Software Subscription Services, maintaining the Website, which is not overridden by your Privacy interests or fundamental rights and freedom, (3) perform legal obligations, (4) perform a contract with you to which you are a party.
To know more bases of the legal basis for FieldCircle to collect and use your Personal Information, please contact us at .
5.
How Long We Retain Your Information.
Personal Information of Website visitors or customers is retained until we believe the particular customer or visitor may return to use the Website or our Software services.
The retention period of Personal Information is determined by.
The ongoing project with the customers.
Nature of our association with our customer.
Nature of Personal Information collected in question.
Our business requirements.
6.
How We Share the Information We Collect.
Service Providers.
We are associated with service providers such as Server Service Providers, email marketing and Analytics Service Providers(May change, increase or decrease from time to time), who help maintain our Website and deliver software solutions to our customers.
In such cases, we explicitly require those service providers to acknowledge and adhere to our Privacy Policy.
FieldCircle Partners.
In developing and providing the FieldCircle software solution, we use a range of tools offered by third-party providers.
We may share Personal Information with our trusted partners to help us deliver the solution.
Such third-party providers comply with our Privacy Policy and maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Business Events.
We may disclose your information in case if we are acquired by another company, whether by merger, acquisition, or bankruptcy or we decide to give some portion of our assets to another company.
In such events, you will be notified via.
email and/or a notice on our Website, which explicitly informs about the change in ownership, use of your Personal Information, and the options available for you to continue or discontinue using our services.
Compelled Disclosure.
We may disclose your information if necessary, by law in order to protect our rights and the rights of our employees, customers, and Website visitors.
Transfers of Personal Information Subject to the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield.
We will provide EU or Swiss individuals with opt-out or opt-in choice before we share their data with third parties other than our agents, or before we use it for purposes other than originally intended or subsequently authorized.
To limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit a written request to .
7.
Your Rights and Control of Your Personal Information.
Although we operate from India, we are committed to protecting the privacy of EU citizens who use our Website and use our FieldCircle software solution.
As a Data Controller in relation to your personal data provided to us as a customer and Data Processor when we provide our services to you, you have certain rights on your Personal Information, which are.
Right to be informed.
We are transparent regarding our collection and use of Personal Information.
You can ask about the personal data we collect and how we are going to use it, why we have collected that specific data and our legal basis for collecting that data.
Right of access.
You have the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Information as well as supplementary information available with us at any time.
Right of rectification.
You can write to us at to rectify your Personal Information in order to update the information.
Right of erasure.
You have the right to get your Personal Information erased.
You can write to us to get your data erased and we will do the same within a period of 30 days.
Right to restrict processing.
If you do not want us to continue collecting or processing your data, you may write to us at We will put your account on hold for a specific timeframe.
Right to data portability.
You may write to us at to collect the copy of your Personal Information or a specific set of your Personal Information so that you may reuse it to serve your own purposes.
Right to object.
You may unsubscribe us to prevent us from processing your Personal Information at any time.
8.
Our Anti-Spam Policy.
We do not send any unsolicited commercial email in violation of applicable laws and ensure the inclusion of “Unsubscribe” or “opt-out” mechanism with every mail we send.
9.
To Unsubscribe From Our Communication.
By clicking on the “unsubscribe” link placed on the bottom of our emails, you may unsubscribe us in order to prevent us from sending any email communication material to you.
Besides, you may write to us at to unsubscribe from our communications.
Thank you for reading our Privacy Policy.
If you have any query regarding this Privacy Policy, please write to us at .
Why Choose FieldCircle.
With its user-friendly web portal and mobile app, you could eliminate all the manual work and move to paperless reporting via managing customers, estimation, employee scheduling, invoicing, and analytics.
It's all in there and much more.
All-in-one solution at your fingertips.
Improved efficiency and revenue.
Data security and protection.
Support and maintenance.
Book a Personalized Demo.
Learn how your businesses can use FieldCircle to achieve more efficient, transparent, and profitable service operations.
By submitting your details, you agree that we may contact you by call, email, and SMS and that you have read our terms of use and privacy policy.
Home.
About us.
Contact.
Blog.
Subscribe to Weekly Insights.
Field Sales Management CRM Software.
Field Engineer Scheduling Software.
Software for Tiling Contractors.
Site & Field Inspection Software.
Painting Contractor Estimating Software.
Maintenance Management Software.
Field Service Software Oil & Gas Companies.
Plumbing Business Estimating Software.
Insurance Adjuster Contractor Software.
Roofing Business Estimating Software.
Field Service Management for Municipal Corporations.
E-commerce Delivery and Dispatch Management Software.
Field Sales Management Software for Banking.
Mobile Field Service Management Telecommunication.
Field Service Management & Scheduling Software HVAC.
Service Management Software for Landscaping Companies.
Field Service Management Software for Cleaners.
Field Sales Management Software Pharma MR.
Field Service Scheduling Software.
CMMS Software.
Facility Management.
Co-living.
Others.
© 2022   |    FieldCircle Inc.
Terms & Conditions.
Privacy Policy.
Disclaimer.
Got questions.
Give us a call on.
+1 512.
601.
5091.
+91 120.
796.
1096.
Or email us at.
Request a 7 Days Free Trial.
By submitting your details, you agree that we may contact you by call, email, and SMS and that you have read our terms of use and privacy policy.
Schedule a Demo.
By submitting your details, you agree that we may contact you by call, email, and SMS and that you have read our terms of use and privacy policy.
