Careers.
Contact Us.
ZH.
Home.
ProductsOptical CommunicationsLaser SystemsElectronic DevicesThermoelectricsOptoelectronic DevicesLaser Processing ToolsEpitaxy & Ion ImplantationCeramics & CompositesOpticsLaser ComponentsSilicon Carbide SubstratesEngineered Materials.
Optical Communications.
Laser Systems.
Electronic Devices.
Thermoelectrics.
Optoelectronic Devices.
Laser Processing Tools.
Epitaxy & Ion Implantation.
Ceramics & Composites.
Optics.
Laser Components.
Silicon Carbide Substrates.
Engineered Materials.
MarketsMarketsCommunicationsIndustrialAerospace & DefenseConsumer ElectronicsLife SciencesSemiconductor Capital EquipmentAutomotive.
Markets.
Communications.
Industrial.
Aerospace & Defense.
Consumer Electronics.
Life Sciences.
Semiconductor Capital Equipment.
Automotive.
InvestorsInvestorsFinancial ReleasesWebcastsPresentationsAnnual FilingsESGLeadershipThe Board of DirectorsSEC Filings.
Investors.
Financial Releases.
Webcasts.
Presentations.
Annual Filings.
ESG.
Leadership.
The Board of Directors.
SEC Filings.
NewsroomNewsroomPress ReleasesBlogEventsVideos.
Newsroom.
Press Releases.
Blog.
Events.
Videos.
About UsAbout UsLeadership TeamCareersCertificationsContact UsBoard of DirectorsESGLegal.
About Us.
Leadership Team.
Careers.
Certifications.
Contact Us.
Board of Directors.
ESG.
Legal.
Careers.
Contact Us.
Home / About Us / Legal / Privacy.
II-VI INCORPORATED GLOBAL PRIVACY NOTICE.
Effective Date.
5/21/2021.
II-VI Incorporated and its subsidiaries (collectively, “II-VI”, “Company”, “we”, “us”, “ours”, “II-VI Group Entities”) are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers, vendors and users of our website (“you,” “yours”), including for the websites of our subsidiaries that link to this II-VI Incorporated Global Privacy Notice (“Privacy Notice” or “Notice”).
We have prepared this Privacy Notice to describe to you our practices regarding our collection, use, transfer, storage and disclosure (each a type of “Processing”) of your Personal Data (as defined below).
This Privacy Notice provides information about the types of Personal Data we collect from those interested in obtaining our products and services and who visit our website and what we may do with that information.
In this Notice we refer to ‘Personal Data’ as any information that identifies, could be used to identify or is otherwise linked or reasonably linkable with a particular individual or household, as well as any information defined as “personal data,” “personal information” or equivalent term under applicable privacy laws.
For purposes of this Notice, the controller determining the purposes and the means for the Processing of your Personal Data is  II-VI Incorporated, registered at World Headquarters, 375 Saxonburg Blvd.
, Saxonburg, Pennsylvania 16056-9499 (“II-VI Incorporated”) and where Personal Data is also collected and Processed by other II-VI Group Entities they are joint controllers with II-VI Incorporated.
Please see the list of the subsidiaries by clicking .
In this Notice, we outline and describe the following with respect to the Personal Data that we collect.
What information we collect and its sources.
How we use your information.
To whom we disclose your information.
Transfers of information.
How long we keep your information.
Your privacy rights and choices.
The security of your information.
If you are a California resident, please see that “Additional information for California residents” section below for more information pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
Additional notices, disclosures or information about Processing of Personal Data related to specific websites, products, services, or jurisdictions may be provided to you.
Where applicable, these supplement and/or clarify our privacy practices in specific circumstances and provide you with additional information and choices as to how we process your Personal Data.
I.
What information we collect and its sources.
The actual Personal Data we collect and how we use it, varies depending upon the nature of our relationship and interactions with you.
Also, in some cases (such as where required by law), we ask for your consent or give you certain choices prior to collecting or using certain Personal Data.
A.
Information you provide directly.
We collect information (including where necessary and subject to applicable law and where required with your explicit consent, special categories of Personal Data (as defined under applicable privacy laws)) that you provide to us, our Affiliates or share on the websites, including.
Account registration and other data submitted to us online.
If you create a login account on any of our websites that offers this option, we ask you to provide Personal Data including your name, physical business address (including zip code), email address and phone number.
In order to use certain features of our websites, you may be prompted to provide certain Personal Data to us, such as when you fill out forms (for example, a “Contact Us” form) on our websites, downloading documentation and information from our websites, subscribe to newsletters or other communications from us, correspond with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise using our contact details.
Typically, the Personal Data includes name, business affiliation, business address, telephone number, and email address, and any other personal details provided or required to resolve inquiries or complaints.
Communications.
If you contact us by email, mail, phone, or otherwise regarding our products or services, we collect and maintain a record of name and contact information, contact details, your communications and our responses.
If you call us, we may also record calls and maintain logs and records of those calls.
Inquiries and  requests.
We also collect other information about you when you choose to submit or request information from us, including through the web-form on our website or when you subscribe to our newsletter or other marketing communications from us, namely your contact information, including name, email address and phone number.
Transactions and billing information.
We also collect information about you in connection with a purchase you make of products or services from us.
This includes your name, address, transaction data, including your transactions/purchases history, your credit card  and payment information, when you purchase a product or service from us.
and your feedback regarding your purchase and the products or services that you purchased from us, if any is provided.
Customer service and support.
When you contact us for support or other customer service requests, we maintain support tickets and other records related to the requests.
Other information.
where you provide us otherwise with your Personal Data on or offline, for example at in-person events or by filling out one of our surveys.
B.
Information collected automatically.
We may collect Personal Data about how you use our websites and related services (e.
g.
by using cookies and pixel tags), such as your Internet Protocol address, location information, browser type, operating system, advertising ID, device ID, and information regarding what website pages you accessed and when, date and time of your visit to our website, and the information for which you searched and which you viewed.
We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to make our web services more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs.
We may also use pixels in HTML emails to understand if individuals read the emails, we send to them (“usage data”).
We may combine this information with other information that we have collected about you, including, where applicable, your name and other Personal Data.
For information about cookies and other tracking technologies used on our website, please see our separate Cookie Notice at .
C.
Information collected from third parties.
We may also collect information about you from third parties, such as social networks or other platforms (such as from Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn or other third party social network sites) that you may connect with or share information about us through, or when you login to our services using your login information and your user name, personal profiles, and the actual social media networks you used.
D.
Aggregate and de-identified data.
We may de-identify and aggregate certain data we collect such that the data no longer identifies or can be linked to a particular customer or an individual data subject, subject to the terms of any applicable agreement with you.
We may use this de-identified data to improve our products and services, analyze trends, publish market research, and for other marketing, research or statistical purposes, and may disclose such data to third parties for these specific purposes.
II.
How we use your information.
In this section, we explain the purposes for which we process your Personal Data, as well as the legal bases for doing so under certain applicable laws.
Legal bases.
Certain laws, including the GDPR and UK and Brazil data protection laws, require that we inform you of the legal bases for our Processing of your Personal Data.
Pursuant to these laws, we process Personal Data for the following legal bases.
Performance of contract.
the Processing is necessary to perform a contract with you or take steps to enter into a contract at your request.
Compliance with law.
the Processing is necessary for us to comply with a relevant legal obligation (for example, laws which require us to collect tax information from customers, carry out checks on customers, or which compel us to disclose information to public authorities or regulators).
Our legitimate interests.
the Processing is in our legitimate interests, subject to your interests and fundamental rights, and notably our legitimate interest in using applicable data to conduct and develop our business activities, such as developing and maintaining relationships with our customers (the majority of the Processing covered by this Privacy Notice is legitimate interest based).
*.
Defend our rights.
where the Processing is necessary to the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
With your consent.
you have consented to the Processing (for example, where we are required by local law to rely upon your prior consent for the purposes of direct marketing).
*In all cases where legitimate interests are relied upon as a lawful basis, we take steps to ensure that our legitimate interests are not outweighed by any prejudice to your rights and freedoms.
This is achieved in a number of ways, including the application of principles of data minimization and security, and by taking steps to ensure that Personal Data is collected where it is relevant to the lawful business activities, and, where using Personal Data, is reasonably necessary for those activities.
Purposes of collection and Processing.
The purposes for which we may process Personal Data vary depending upon the circumstances.
Generally, we use Personal Data for the following business and commercial purposes.
operate the website and our services, including to communicate with you about your use of our services, provide troubleshooting and technical support, respond to your inquiries, fulfill your orders and requests, process your payments, communicate with you, and for similar service and support purposes (Legitimate interest.
fulfilling a contract with you.
our legitimate interests).
process information in connection with any questions or comments that you submitted to us, e.
g.
, on a web-form on our website (Legitimate interest.
fulfilling a contract with you.
our legitimate interests).
carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into by us with you, in particular in connection with a purchase you make of products or services from us (Legitimate interest.
fulfilling a contract with you).
notify you of changes to our products and services (Legitimate interest.
our legitimate interests.
your consent).
seek your views or comments on the products or services we provide and send you communications by post or e-mail which you have requested or that may be of interest to you, including newsletters, or promotions of our products or services or events (Legitimate interest.
our legitimate interests.
your consent).
measure the adequate performance of our interactions with you, improve our services, for our internal purposes, and for other research and analytical purposes.
(Legitimate interest.
our legitimate interests).
to tailor content we may send or display on our websites, including to offer location customization and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences (Legitimate interest.
our legitimate interests.
your consent).
to promote our products and services on third-party websites, as well as for direct marketing purposes, including to send you newsletters, alerts and information we think may interest you (Legitimate interest.
our legitimate interests.
your consent).
obtain or maintain insurance coverage, manage risks or obtain professional advice and defend our rights and establish, exercise and defend our legal claims (Legitimate interest.
meeting our legal or statutory obligations.
for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim).
facilitate your use of your web account on the website (Legitimate interest.
fulfilling a contract with you.
our legitimate interests).
provide, create and maintain a trusted and safe environment and comply with our legal obligations.
For example, to protect our websites, services and our business operations.
to prevent, detect and investigate fraud, misuse, harassment or other types of unlawful activities.
where we believe necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety or legal rights of any person or third party, or violations of this Notice and our applicable agreements and terms of use (Legitimate interest.
meeting our legal or statutory obligations.
for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim).
to consider and implement mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, and other business transactions, and where necessary to the administration of our general business, accounting, recordkeeping and legal functions (Legitimate interest.
meeting our legal or statutory obligations.
for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim.
our legitimate interest).
Aggregate and de-identified data.
We also use aggregate and de-identified data to improve and develop our business and services, and for similar research and analytics purposes.
III.
With whom we share your information.
In general, we may disclose Personal Data as explained in this section.
A.
Within the II-VI Group Entities.
II-VI and the II-VI Group Entities are a global group of companies.
We may share Personal Data with our Group Entities as part of our business operations and administration of our websites and services.
B.
Service providers and Processors.
We disclose Personal Data to third party Processors (including contractors and service providers) who perform services and help us with our operations on our behalf.
For example, we use third party processors to provide us with technical support, and to perform analytics and other work that we may need to outsource.
These Processors are bound by law and/or contract to protect the confidentiality of and to implement adequate security measures to protect your Personal Data.
They only Process your Personal Data to provide us with requested services and only act on our documented instructions.
We also share your Personal Data with other companies, vendors and business partners that perform certain functions for us.
These companies are themselves responsible to determine the purposes and/or means of the Processing and for the lawfulness of the Processing.
They include insurance companies, online gateway payment providers, including credit card companies and banks.
C.
In support of our legal and compliance obligations.
In addition, we disclose your Personal Data to our insurers and/or professional advisers where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person insofar as reasonably necessary for these purposes, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
D.
In connection with a business transaction.
We share your Personal Data in connection with a business transaction (such as a merger, acquisition, restructuring, or transfer of assets) , to buyers, their lawyers or professional advisors, where needed to affect the sale or transfer of business assets (such as a merger or acquisition) including related to due diligence conducted prior to such event where permitted by law.
We also disclose your Personal Data to the same recipients to defend or enforce our rights and protect our property, assets or safety of others.
E.
To protect our rights.
We share Personal Data where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our terms of use and other agreements, to respond to claims asserted against us or, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
F.
Aggregate and de-identified information.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information (i.
e.
, information that does not personally identify you), with third parties, including for statistical, research, analytics and other purposes, such as for example, for improving their services for you and others.
IV.
Cookies and other tracking Information.
We and our third-party providers use cookies, clear GIFs/pixel tags, JavaScript, local storage, log files, and other mechanisms to automatically collect and record information about your browsing activities, and use of the Websites and other Services.
We may combine this “usage data” with other personal information we collect about you.
We use this usage data to understand how our Services are used, track bugs and errors, provide and improve our Services, verify account credentials, allow logins, track sessions, prevent fraud, and protect our Services, as well as for targeted marketing and advertising, to personalize content and for analytics purposes.
Managing your cookie preferences.
You can manage your cookie preferences for our Sites and opt out of certain cookies by editing your browser options as explained below or by review or by changing your preferences for most cookies on our Sites (including to opt out of all but required cookies) by adjusting your preferences through our Cookie Preferences tool.
This can be done by clicking the “Cookie Preferences” link at any II-VI related webpage.
Cookies.
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser for record-keeping purposes.
Some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to navigate our Site, while others are used to enable a faster log-in process or to allow us to track your activities while using our Site.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future.
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Some of the Services may not work properly if you disable cookies.
Clear GIFs, pixel tags and other technologies.
Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies.
In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer’s hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages.
We may use clear GIFs (also referred to as web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags), in connection with our Services to, among other things, track the activities users of our Services, help us manage content, and compile statistics about usage of our Services.
We and our service providers also use clear GIFs in HTML emails to our customers, to help us track email response rates, identify when our emails are viewed, and track whether our emails are forwarded.
Third-Party analytics.
We may use third-party analytics companies to evaluate use of our Services.
We use these tools to help us understand use of, and to improve, our Services, performance, ad campaigns, and user experiences.
These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as web beacons or local storage objects (LSOs), to perform their services.
Do not track (DNT).
Our Sites currently do not respond to “do not track” signals.
You may, however, disable certain tracking mechanisms in the cookie preference settings of your web browser and opt out of certain third-party ad cookies on our websites.
V.
International transfers of information.
II-VI and our service providers may transfer your Personal Data to, or access it in, jurisdictions (including the United States and other jurisdictions where we, our affiliates and service providers have operations) that do not include equivalent levels of data protection as your home jurisdiction.
We will take steps to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it, including through appropriate written data processing terms and/or data transfer agreements.
Individuals in the European Economic Area (EEA) and United Kingdom (UK).
If you are in the EEA or the UK, and we process your Personal Data in a jurisdiction that the European Commission has deemed to not provide an adequate level of data protection (a “third country”), we will implement measures to adequately protect your personal information, such as by putting in place standard contractual clauses as approved by the European Commission (the form for the standard contractual clauses can be found at   To obtain additional details of the mechanism under which your Personal Data is transferred outside of the EEA or UK, you may request such details by contacting the II-VI Data Privacy Coordinator at the contact details listed below.
VI.
Third-party websites.
Our websites may provide links to third-party websites, such as social networking sites.
II-VI Incorporated has no control over such third-party websites and is not responsible for the privacy practices of such parties.
Please note that we are not responsible for the availability of such third-party sites, and do not endorse and are not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites.
II-VI Incorporated is not liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites.
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third-party sites.
VII.
How long we keep your information.
We retain your Personal Data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, as outlined in Section II above, to comply with our legal obligations, or for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim.
For more information on how long your Personal Data is stored, please contact the II-VI Data Privacy Coordinator (for contact details, see Section XII).
VIII.
Your privacy rights and choices.
Access, deletion and correction.
In this section we describe the choices you have regarding our collection, use and handling of your Personal Data.
You may submit a request to access, correction or deletion of Personal Data to us by contacting our Data Privacy Coordinator as set out in the Contact Details section below.
We will process your request in accordance with applicable privacy laws.
We may ask you for additional information so that we can confirm your identity or process your request.
Direct marketing.
You may always opt-out of our direct marketing emails by clicking the unsubscribing link contained in our marketing or promotional emails or by contacting us as set out below.
We may continue to send you transactional or service-related communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages.
Additional information for certain jurisdictions.
In the section Additional information for certain jurisdictions below, we provide additional information, including as required under California privacy laws, as well as the GDPR and UK DPA.
Users in California, the EEA and the UK, should review this section for more information regarding their rights under these respective laws.
IX.
Security of your information.
To help protect the privacy of your Personal Data collected by us, we maintain physical, technical and organizational measures designed to protect your Personal Data.
We restrict access to your Personal Data to those II-VI employees who need to know that information to provide services to you.
However, no environment or security procedures or protocols are ever guaranteed to be 100% secure or error-free.
Accordingly, we cannot be held responsible for unauthorized or unintended access that is beyond our control.
X.
Privacy of children.
This website is not designed for, or directed at, children under the age of 16 and do not knowingly collect Personal Data from individuals in this age group.
If you believe we have inadvertently collected personal information about a child, please contact us and we will take steps to delete this information.
XI.
Changes and updates to the Privacy NoticeThis Notice is current as of the Effective Date set forth above.
As our Company, membership and services and privacy laws may change from time to time, we may change this Notice from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically.
We will post any changes to this Notice on our website(s).
If we make any changes to this Notice that materially affect our practices with regard to the Personal Data we have previously collected from you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our website(s) or notifying you electronically.
XII.
Contact details.
If you have questions about this Notice or wish to exercise any of your rights, please contact our II-VI Data Privacy Coordinator at .
XIII.
Additional information for individuals in certain jurisdictions.
A.
Additional Information for EEA/UK Users.
Subject to applicable law, you may also have some or all of the following rights available to you as to your Personal Data (see also Section XII on whom to contact to exercise those rights).
Access.
You have the right to obtain from us confirmation whether we Process your Personal Data, relevant information about such Processing as provided under applicable law, and a copy of the Personal Data undergoing Processing.
Rectification.
You have the right to request us to correct inaccurate Personal Data and to have incomplete Personal Data completed.
Objection.
You have the right to object to the Processing of your Personal Data for which we have justified on the basis of a legitimate interest, including profiling (as opposed to your consent) or to perform a contract with you.
In addition, you have the right to object at any time where your Personal Data is Processed for direct marketing purposes.
Portability.
You may request your Personal Data that you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit it to other Data Controllers without hindrance.
Restriction.
You may request to restrict Processing of your Personal Data.
Erasure.
You may request to have your Personal Data erased in certain limited circumstances.
Right to lodge a complaint.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the jurisdictions of your residence, place of employment, or the location where the issue that is the subject of the complaint occurred.
Right to withdraw consent.
Please note that where our Processing is based on your consent, you are free to refuse to give the consent and you can withdraw your consent at any time.
The lawfulness of any Processing of your Personal Data that occurred prior to the withdrawal of your consent will not be affected.
To exercise such rights, please contact us as set forth in the Contact Details section above.
Please note that we may request proof of identity, and we reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law, especially if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
We will endeavor to respond to your request within all applicable timeframes required by law.
B.
Additional information for California residents.
In this section, we provide additional information to California residents about how we handle their personal information, as required under California privacy laws including the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
This section does not address or apply to our collection and Processing of data that is exempt from CCPA.
including publicly available information lawfully made available by state or federal government records or other personal information that is exempt under the CCPA.
While our collection, use and disclosure of personal information varies based upon our relationship and interactions with you, in this section we describe, generally, how we have collected and disclosed personal information about California residents in the prior 12 months (from the Last Effective date above).
Categories of personal information collected and disclosed.
The table below identifies the categories of personal information (as defined by the CCPA) we have collected about California residents within the last 12 months, as well as how we have disclosed such information for a business purpose.
For more information about the business and commercial purposes for which we collect, use and disclose personal information, please see the How we use your information and With whom we share your information sections above.
service providers.
advisors and agents.
government entities and law enforcement.
affiliates and subsidiaries.
advertising networks.
data analytics providers.
social networks.
internet service providers.
operating systems and platforms.
business customer.
service providers.
advisors and agents.
government entities and law enforcement.
our affiliates and subsidiaries.
business partners who provide services you request.
service providers.
advisors and agents.
government entities and law enforcement.
affiliates and subsidiaries.
advertising networks.
data analytics providers.
social networks.
internet service providers.
operating systems and platforms.
data brokers.
business customer.
service providers.
advisors and agents.
government entities and law enforcement.
affiliates and subsidiaries.
advertising networks.
data analytics providers.
social networks.
internet service providers.
operating systems and platforms.
service providers.
advisors and agents.
government entities and law enforcement.
affiliates and subsidiaries.
service providers.
advisors and agents.
government entities and law enforcement.
affiliates and subsidiaries.
service providers.
advisors and agents.
government entities and law enforcement.
affiliates and subsidiaries.
service providers.
advisors and agents.
government entities and law enforcement.
affiliates and subsidiaries.
service providers.
advisors and agents.
government entities and law enforcement.
our affiliates and subsidiaries.
analytics providers.
Sources of personal information.
As further described in the “What Information We Collect about You” section above, we may collect personal information from the following sources.
Our customers.
Business partners and affiliates.
Directly from the individual.
Advertising networks.
Data analytics providers.
Social networks.
Internet service providers.
Operating systems and platforms.
Publicly available sources.
California residents’ rights.
In general, California residents have the following rights with respect to their personal information.
Do-not-sell (opt-out).
to opt-out of our sale of their personal information.
We do not sell personal information about California residents, including those we have actual knowledge are younger than 16.
Right of deletion.
to request deletion of their personal information that we have collected about them and to have such personal information deleted (without charge), subject to certain exceptions.
Right to know.
with respect to the personal information we have collected about them in the prior 12 months, to require that we disclose the following to them (up to twice per year and subject to certain exemptions).
categories of personal information collected.
categories of sources of personal information.
categories of personal information about them we have disclosed for a business purpose or sold.
categories of third parties to whom we have sold or disclosed for a business purpose their personal information.
the business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling their personal information.
and.
a copy of the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about them.
Right to non-discrimination.
the right not to be subject to discriminatory treatment for exercising their rights under the CCPA.
Submitting CCPA requests.
California residents may submit CCPA requests.
online webform at.
Click here.
by emailing .
When you submit a request to know or delete, we will need to verify your identity before processing your request, which may require us to request additional personal information from you or require you to log into your account, if you have one.
In certain circumstances, we may decline or limit your request, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems, or as permitted by law.
Authorized agents may initiate a request on behalf of another individual by contacting us as set forth in the Contact information section above.
authorized agents will be required to provide proof of their authorization and we may also require that the relevant consumer directly verify their identity and the authority of the authorized agent.
Our Company.
News & Events.
Electronic DevicesEpitaxy & Ion ImplantationSilicon Carbide SubstratesThermoelectricsCeramics & CompositesRare Metals.
Legal  I  Privacy  I  Cookies.
© 2022 II-VI Incorporated.
I  I.
Legal  I  Privacy  I  Cookies.
I  I.
© 2022 II-VI Incorporated.
