ServicesMobile App DevelopmentWeb Application DevelopmentIoT (Internet of Things)Digital Transformation ConsultingHire Dedicated Resources.
Mobile App Development.
Web Application Development.
IoT (Internet of Things).
Digital Transformation Consulting.
Hire Dedicated Resources.
Technologies.
Our Work.
Success StoriesDelhi Metro2WayBudgytRemotiiShorePower ConnectCar Health Diagnostic.
Delhi Metro.
2Way.
Budgyt.
Remotii.
ShorePower Connect.
Car Health Diagnostic.
ResourcesBlogVideos.
Blog.
Videos.
Finoit Website Privacy Statement.
Finoit Technologies respects your privacy.
As we collect, maintain andstore your personal information when you visit the Finoit website( we consider it our responsibility to maintain the privacy and confidentiality of the personal information we collect.
We have developed this Privacy Policy in order to let you understand how and why we collect, use, manage, disclose, transfer, and store yourpersonal data.
The Finoit Privacy Policy.
The Privacy Policy provides essential details related to your personaldata relationship with Finoit Technologies (hereinafter referred to as“Finoit” “we” “our” or “us”).
By using the  referred to as “Website”), you are accepting the practicesdescribed in this policy.
If you do not agree to this privacy policy,please DO NOT USE the Website or any feature or service provided throughthe Website.
Changes in the Privacy Policy.
Finoit provides IT services which are subject to change from time to time.
The change impacts what and how the data is collected, which is alsoimplicated in the Privacy Policy.
Finoit reserves the right, in its solediscretion, to amend the provisions in Privacy Policy.
Any amendment inthe policy will be immediately effective post the changes published on theWebsite, indicated by the “Effective Date”.
You are solely responsible to review the privacy policy periodically,however, if we make any significant changes in the policy, we will updateyou by sending notifications on the email ID which you have used tosubscribe to us or communicate with us.
The Data We Collect From You.
This section describes the information we collect and manage from you forbetter understanding of your preferences and for our own marketing.
Wecategorize all the data that we collect into three sections.
Personally identifiable information that you voluntarily submit to us,such as name, email address, company name, designation, mobile number,telephone number, postal address, each classified as “personalinformation”.
Personal information also includes the informationavailable about you on the Internet, such as on social media sites orany publicly available information that we may acquire from thirdparties.
Navigational information that refers to information about your Internetconnection, device used for visiting our website, and usage details suchas IP address, browser type, referral source, geographical location,referral source, duration of time spent on website, and pages viewed.
IPaddress is tracked primarily to identify malicious activities and blacklist any such threatening sites or sources.
Financial and payment information, including credit card numbers andbilling information related to orders placed through any platform or theWebsite.
WE DO NOT COLLECT ANY SENSITIVE INFORMATION, such as a creditor debit card numbers, personal financial account information, socialsecurity number, passport details, racial or ethnic identification,physical or mental health condition information or any other similarinformation.
The Website DO NOT INTENTIONALLY OR KNOWINGLY COLLECT INFORMATION OFCHILDREN under 13.
But as we also collect information through log filesmeans when you visit the Website, our system automatically collectsinformation about the hardware and software.
In view of this, if youbelieve that we have collected information about children under 13, pleasewrite to us at[email protected], so thatwe can take appropriate measures to delete the information.
How Do We Collect the Data.
We collect the information when you navigate through the Website orvoluntarily submit your information or through any other interactions withFinoit or platform.
The information collected on or through the Websitemay include.
Details you fill in the forms on the Website, when you book forconsultation, or report an issue.
Information provided to you in response to our marketing communication,employment opportunities on the Website or through other platforms.
Any Website page that you visit, including your search queries on theWebsite, images you viewed, or website content viewed or downloaded fromour Website.
Information you share with us on publicly accessible platforms such asblogs, social media sites such as Facebook or Twitter, and communityforums.
Our website may contain links to third parties.
We do not know how thosesites use the data collected by them or how they implement privacy andcontrol practices therefore we recommend you to be cautious while youaccess any third party site via.
Finoit.
We do not endorse the contentpublished on those sites or their owners, or their privacy policypractices in any manner.
This privacy policy does not apply on any othersites linked to the Website.
We normally collect only that information where the processing is in ourlegitimate interests, where we have your consent to do so, or where weneed the information to perform a contract with you.
We do not collectdata by using any means which overrides your data protection interest orconflict with your fundamental rights and freedoms.
Cookies and Other Technologies.
The Website and other platforms that we use to communicate with you mayuse “Cookies” and other technologies such as pixel tags (transparentgraphic images to indicate that a webpage or email has been viewed),mobile device identifiers, and web beacons.
These technologies enable usto analyse trends, administer the website, remember your preferences,collect information, and measure the effectiveness of web searches toimprove your user experience.
You can get more information about cookies here.
the Internet Protocol (IP) addresses and similar identifiers arecovered under the personal information by applicable law, which often getscombined with non-personal information, we consider this combinedinformation as personal information in this Privacy Policy and thereforefollow the similar obligations as for personal information.
Third Party Tracking Technologies.
The Privacy Policy or Cookie Policy does not cover the use of cookies andweb beacons by any tracking utility company.
Check our Cookies Policy toknow more about why and how we use cookies.
How Do We Use Your Data.
We collect your data to learn your interests so that we can give youbetter website experience and market our services.
Our data collectionpractices are in compliance with the Privacy Policy.
If you subscribe toour Subscription services, you are obligated through our agreement tocomply with this Privacy Policy.
We may use your personal information to.
To provide relevant website content.
To personalize your experience on the Website.
To provide you with information that may interest you through electronicmeans.
To provide you information that you request to us.
To promote our services to you.
To support your use of the Website and our services.
To create statistical information but not to be used to identify anyindividual user.
To fulfil obligatory purposes such as notify you about the changes inthe Website and its Terms of Use.
To comply with the legal requirements.
To enforce our rights arising out of contract between you and us,including billing and collection.
We do NOT sell, trade, or rent your information to any third party forprofit.
neither do we disclose your information, unless the disclosure isappropriate or necessary to protect our rights, property, our customers,and others.
We may disclose your information.
To our subsidiaries or affiliates.
To contractors who support the Website and our services, who are boundby the contractual obligations to privacy protection provisions toprotect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
To entities with your consent.
Your Rights and Controls.
As a visitor of the Website, you have certain rights and controls, asavailable and except as limited under applicable law.
The rights andcontrols provided to you are.
Rights of access.
You have the right to access a copy of thepersonal data that we have collected from you along with the supplementaryinformation that explains how we use that data.
Right to rectification.
You have the right to get your incorrectpersonal data modified or to be edited in order to complete theinformation, if incomplete.
You may write to us at[email protected] to getyour personal information amended.
Right to restrict.
You have the right to restrict your personalinformation not being processed for a specific period of time undercertain circumstances.
Right to object.
You may object, at any time.
processing your personal data under certain circumstances.
your personal data being used for marketing and advertising purposes.
Right to data portability.
You may request the personal data wehave collected from you in a machine readable, structured format.
Right to not be a subject of automated decision-making.
You have the rightnot to become a subject of decision, based on automated-processing, wherethe decision could have legal effects or similar significant effect.
Right to be forgotten.
You have the right to get your personal dataerased from our database.
You may write to us at[email protected] to getthe erasure done.
After receiving a request to be forgotten, we willpermanently delete your personal information available with us within 30days of receiving the request.
You may exercise these rights at any given time.
In order to learn moreabout these rights and let us enable these rights for you to exercise withease, write to us[email protected].
Transfer of Information Across Borders.
We may transfer your information to third parties, including oursubsidiaries and affiliates, across borders that may or may not haveequivalent privacy and data protection laws as in the country where youlive.
We implement legally compliant methods and use effective safeguardsor other appropriate legal mechanisms to ensure security of transfer ofinformation.
Archiving and Preservation of Information.
In the course of using the Website, we may archive your information,including personal information.
We store that information on servers,which are either controlled by us or by third parties, who comply with theprovisions of this Privacy Policy.
The archived information is notnecessarily deleted unless and until all the back-up files related to yourpersonal information are deleted.
Although, when we don’t use yourPersonal Information, we securely try to delete it or anonymize yourinformation until secure deletion of information is possible.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information.
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information from youonly where the processing is in our legitimate interests and does notoverride your data protection interests or fundamental rights andfreedoms, where you have given us consent to do so, and where we need theinformation to perform a personal contract with you.
We are obliged toprovide you details about your use of personal information in relevanttime.
Protection of Data and Identity.
We have employed effective security measures to keep your data secure,however, you must understand that the Internet is vulnerable to databreaches and therefore we do not provide any guarantee regarding thesecurity of your information.
We also cannot ensure that all the thirdparties we are in contract with act lawfully to use and secure yourpersonal information.
You are at your own risk for any transfer ofPersonal Information via the Internet.
Anti-Spam Policy.
We do not send unauthorized commercial email in violation of applicablelaws and use an “opt-out” mechanism to allow individuals to stop receivingour email services any time.
You are solely responsible to unsubscribe ourmarketing communication by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link or bycontacting us at[email protected].
Violations and Additional Policies.
We require all our customers and Website visitors to agree to adhere toall the provisions of our Privacy Policy at all times.
In the event ofviolations or non-compliant to the Privacy Policy, Finoit reserves theright to block access from a particular IP address to the Website or seekall remedies at law and in equity for violations for this Agreement.
Contact Us.
Thank you for reading our Privacy Policy.
If you have any queries relatedto our Privacy Policy, write to us at[email protected].
NET Solutions.
LAMP (PHP/Python) Solutions.
Desktop Application Development.
Education & E-Learning.
Maintenance & Support.
E-learning Solutions.
Banking & Finance.
Non-Profit.
Travel & Hospitality.
Java (J2EE/J2ME) Solutions.
Legacy Application Migration.
Engagement Models.
Business Solutions.
Digital Transformation Consulting.
Healthcare & Life Sciences.
Online Advertising (SEM/PPC).
Android App Development.
Customer Relationship Management.
E-commerce Solutions.
Enterprise Application Development.
Energy & Utilities.
Automotive & Transportation.
Media & Entertainment.
Technology & Communication.
iPhone App Development.
Web Solutions For SMBs.
Home.
About us.
Industries.
Success Stories.
Work Policy.
Careers.
Blog.
Contact.
© 2022 Finoit Inc.
| All Rights Reserved.
Terms & Conditions.
Privacy Policy.
Cookie Policy.
Schedule a Call with Our Expert.
