Global - English.
台灣 - 繁體中文.
中國 – 簡体中文.
日本 - 日本語.
한국 - 한국어판.
USA-English.
Nederlands - French.
Nederlands -  Dutch.
Spain - Español.
Italian - Italiano.
Germany - Deutsch.
Cyprus- English.
空白.
0.
LoginRegister.
Login.
Register.
Products XPPCMobile POSPanel PCPOS SystemBOX SystemKIOSKMonitorPeripheralsFEC Platform.
XPPC.
Mobile POS.
Panel PC.
POS System.
BOX System.
KIOSK.
Monitor.
Peripherals.
FEC Platform.
Solutions.
Support DownloadFAQ.
Download.
FAQ.
About Us Corporate OverviewCore CompetenceRegional BranchesCertificateHuman Right.
Corporate Overview.
Core Competence.
Regional Branches.
Certificate.
Human Right.
Events EventsNewsSuccess Cases.
Events.
News.
Success Cases.
Contact.
Home.
Privacy Policy.
XPPC.
Mobile POS.
Panel PC.
POS System.
BOX System.
KIOSK.
Monitor.
Peripherals.
FEC Platform.
Privacy Policy.
Records analyze your website usage records and provide product information about your preferences.
Privacy Policy Statement.
This website is owned, operated and maintained by Firich Enterprises Co.
, LTD.
(hereinafter, “FEC”).
FEC and its affiliates in China, Korea, USA, Benelux, Germany, Italy, France, and United Kingdom respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website.
This Privacy Policy applies to FEC website  (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "fecpos.
com").
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the website.
We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties.
This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our website.
Depending on your activities when visiting our website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors.
Like most website operators, FEC collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring website, and the date and time of each visitor request.
FEC's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how FEC's visitors use its website.
From time to time, FEC may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.
g.
, by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
FEC also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on  contact form.
FEC only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information.
Certain visitors to FEC's websites choose to interact with FEC in ways that require FEC to gather personally-identifying information.
The amount and type of information that FEC gathers depends on the nature of the interaction.
For example, we ask visitors who sign up for an account at  to provide a username and email address.
Security.
The personal data we collect from you will be stored on our servers or hosted servers.
We will use appropriate information security technology to protect the database system of the server from being hacked and to prevent your personal data from being stolen, altered, leaked or damaged.
If you agree to add your personal information to our database for marketing purposes, you will receive our latest product and marketing information.
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Advertisements.
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer.
This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by FEC and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Links to External Websites.
Our Service may contain links to external website that are not operated by us.
If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's website.
We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every website you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party’s website, products or services.
Aggregated Statistics.
FEC may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website.
FEC may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, FEC does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Cookies.
To enrich and perfect your online experience, FEC uses "Cookies", similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns.
FEC uses cookies to help FEC identify and track visitors, their usage of  and their website access preferences.
FEC visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using FEC's websites, with the drawback that certain features of FEC's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate FEC website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to FEC's use of cookies.
E-commerce.
Those who engage in transactions with FEC – by purchasing FEC's services or products, are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions.
In each case, FEC collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with FEC.
FEC does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Transfer and Sharing of Personal Data.
We may be required to share your Personal Data with the other entities of the FEC branches.
FEC does not share your Personal Data with other third parties unless expressly authorized by you or if this is required by legal or regulatory provisions.
As part of the recruitment procedure, FEC may use a service provider to manage this process.
The information communicated in this case is that which you voluntarily transmitted to us when submitting your application.
"Contact form" information.
The information collected on the contact form is transmitted voluntarily by the User who wishes to be contacted by FEC services and recorded in a computerized file by FEC for the management of its customer database.
FEC may share these personal data to the related local affiliate or partners for the requested services.
Privacy Policy Changes.
Although most changes are likely to be minor, FEC may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in FEC's sole discretion.
FEC encourages visitors to periodically check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.
Your continued use of this website after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Firich Enterprises Co.
, LTD.
Add.
10F No.
75 Section 1, Sin Tai Wu Road, Sijhih Dist.
New Taipei City 221, Taiwan.
Tel.
886226981446 Email.
.
Subscribe Newsletters.
Privacy Policy.
ProductsXPPCMobile POSPanel PCPOS SystemBOX SystemKIOSKMonitorPeripheralsFEC Platform.
XPPC.
Mobile POS.
Panel PC.
POS System.
BOX System.
KIOSK.
Monitor.
Peripherals.
FEC Platform.
SolutionsHORECAPHARMACYSUPERMARKETFASHION & LUXURYSELF SERVICE.
HORECA.
PHARMACY.
SUPERMARKET.
FASHION & LUXURY.
SELF SERVICE.
SupportDownloadFAQ.
Download.
FAQ.
About UsCorporate OverviewCore CompetenceManufacturingCertificateHuman RightsRegional Branches.
Corporate Overview.
Core Competence.
Manufacturing.
Certificate.
Human Rights.
Regional Branches.
EventsEventsNewsSuccess Cases.
Events.
News.
Success Cases.
Career.
Contact Us.
Terms.
Privacy.
Sitemap.
221新北市汐止區新台五路一段75號10樓.
TEL.
0226981446.
FAX.
E-mail.
.
Designed by GTMC.
Taiwan Products.
B2BManufactures.
B2BChinaSources.
This website uses cookies.
