Flatoak.
日本語 / English✓ 日本語English.
✓ 日本語.
English.
製品ボードと						開発キット(カスタム対						応可能)CPUモジュー						ル(組込＆モバイル)モバイル						向け周辺デバイスデバッグ						用JTAGエミュレータCATIA エレクトリカル						・デザイン (ELECTRE / CATELECTRE)Windows 8対応タブレットPC.
ボードと						開発キット(カスタム対						応可能).
CPUモジュー						ル(組込＆モバイル).
モバイル						向け周辺デバイス.
デバッグ						用JTAGエミュレータ.
CATIA エレクトリカル						・デザイン (ELECTRE / CATELECTRE).
Windows 8対応タブレットPC.
サービスEMS, OEM/ODM ビジネスプロジェクタ＆モバイル向け周辺デバイス開発者向けWindows 8Windows 8受託開発カスタム・ボード						・プロトタイプカスタム製品輸入業務.
EMS, OEM/ODM ビジネス.
プロジェクタ＆モバイル向け周辺デバイス.
開発者向けWindows 8.
Windows 8受託開発.
カスタム・ボード						・プロトタイプ.
カスタム製品.
輸入業務.
半導体ベンダーIntel Atom シリーズMarvell ファミリーズMIPS ファミリーズテンシリカ Xtensa シリーズTI OMAP シリーズフリースケール MPC シリーズARM コア.
Intel Atom シリーズ.
Marvell ファミリーズ.
MIPS ファミリーズ.
テンシリカ Xtensa シリーズ.
TI OMAP シリーズ.
フリースケール MPC シリーズ.
ARM コア.
パートナーエイ・アイ・コーポレーション (BIOS)CMエンジニアリング (VLSI & FPGA)ターボシステムズ (Linux & Android)デュース・テクノロジーズ (組込)ネクスト・ディメンション (Prototyping)ミラクル・リナックス (Linux).
エイ・アイ・コーポレーション (BIOS).
CMエンジニアリング (VLSI & FPGA).
ターボシステムズ (Linux & Android).
デュース・テクノロジーズ (組込).
ネクスト・ディメンション (Prototyping).
ミラクル・リナックス (Linux).
サポート問い合わせ先製品リスト.
問い合わせ先.
製品リスト.
会社情報フラットークについてニュースと出来事.
フラットークについて.
ニュースと出来事.
お問い合わせ弊社への問合せ営業拠点(日本国内)営業拠点(海外).
弊社への問合せ.
営業拠点(日本国内).
営業拠点(海外).
Use of the Flatoak Internet Site Privacy Statement.
Flatoak is committed to respecting your privacy.
You can visit Flatoak on the Web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information.
Once you choose to provide us personally identifiable information, you can be assured that it will only be used to support your customer relationship with Flatoak.
This statement regarding the privacy of the personally identifiable information you provide online covers five main areas.
Awareness, Choice, Access, Security, and Oversight.
AWARENESS.
Flatoak provides this Online Privacy Statement to make you aware of our privacy policy and practices and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at the bottom of every flatoak.
com page.
If you browse Flatoak's Web site anonymously, we don't collect personal information.
Otherwise, we may collect your contact and company information, including your email address.
We do log your IP address (the Internet address of your computer) to give us an idea of which parts of our Web site you visit and how long you spend there.
But we do not link your IP address to anything personally identifiable.
Flatoak uses your information to better understand your needs and provide you with better service.
Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction, to communicate back to you, to update you on service and benefits, and to personalize our Web sites for you.
Flatoak will not sell, rent or lease your personally identifiable information to others.
Unless we have your permission or are required by law, we will only share the personal data you provide online with other  entities and/or business partners who are acting on our behalf for the uses described above.
Such Flatoak entities and/or business partners, including those in the United States and/or any other countries, are governed by our privacy policies with respect to the use of this data and are bound by the appropriate confidentiality agreements.
ACCESS.
Links to third party Web sites on the site are provided solely as a convenience to you.
If you use these links, you will leave this site.
Flatoak has not reviewed all of these third party sites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites, their content or their Privacy Policy.
Thus, Flatoak does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them.
If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this site, you do this entirely at your own risk.
SECURITY.
Flatoak is committed to ensuring the security of your information.
To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
OVERSIGHT.
If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, please send us a message through our feedback form.
FLATOAK'S PRIVACY POLICY.
Flatoak Co.
, Ltd's privacy policy is subject to change at any time and without notice.
Please check here for updates.
Copyright © 2013.
Flatoak Co.
, Ltd.
All rights reserved.
Flatoak, the Flatoak logo, are registered trademarks of Flatoak.
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
利用規約.
個人情報保護方針.
