Search.
ContactCall us.
+49 711 7823800Contact us.
Media-center.
News.
de.
en.
中文.
Solutions.
References.
Industries.
AboutAbout usPartnercareerAwardsQ&A.
About us.
Partner.
career.
Awards.
Q&A.
Blog.
Legal Notice.
Copyright.
The texts, photos and videos used on this site are protected by copyright, or other intellectual property protection of flexis or third parties.
They are meant for information only and may not be reproduced for commercial purposes, distributed, modified or saved.
All contact details published on this website are a subject to the Privacy Policy.
The use by third parties for sending unsolicited information is prohibited.
flexis AG and all persons named on this website refuse every commercial use of the data.
We reserve the right to take legal steps against anyone infringing these terms of use.
This website contains photos / illustrations by the following providers.
getty images, unsplash (Frank McKenna, Marcin Jozwiak, Chuttersnap, Campaign Creators, Stephen Dawson, Dimitry Anikin, Pat Whelen, Markus Winkler, Austin Distel, Scott Evans, Aziz Ayad, Ryan Jacobsen, photoholgic-07oIfOEuY4M), Fotolia_pictarena, Fotolia_psdesign1,  Fotolia_kamonra, Fotolia _j-mel, Fotolia_pengyou92,  Fotolia _tostphoto, Fotolia_Mimi Potter, AdobeStock_xyz+, AdobeStock_Grispb, iStock_nadla, iStock-gorodenkoff, iStock-thitivong, shutterstock_Zapp2Photo, stockbyte_foto_cd_147_transportation, MAN AG, Spielvogel_Wikipedia, Gorodenkoff_AdobeStock, jeson_AdobeStock, AdobeStock_ipopba, AdobeStock_Orathai, th-photo_AdobeStock_christelle-bourgeois, Gorodenkoff_AdobeStock, Golden eagle_AdobeStock, gui yong nian_AdobeStock, kwarkot _AdobeStock, pixabay, AdobeStock_drotik, Monopoly919 - AdobeStock, AdobeStock_284974663, dzmitrock87-AdobeStock, AdobyStock_mytro, industrieblick_AdobeStock, AdobeStock_blackboard, Jeson_AdobeStock, standret-AdobeStock_301363915-collage.
Liability.
Pursuant to section 7, para.
1 of the TMG (Telemediengesetz – Tele Media Act by German law), we as service providers are liable for our own content on these pages in accordance with general laws.
As for external links the content is not under our control and we cannot assume any liability for it.
In all cases, the provider of information of the linked websites is liable for the content and accuracy of the information provided.
The links are used at your own risk.
At the point in time when the links were placed, no infringements of the law were recognizable to us.
Privacy Statement.
Responsible authority and general principles.
We, flexis AG, Industriestraße 6, 70565 Stuttgart, as the operator of the website " (hereinafter also referred to as "website") are the responsible authority for the personal data of our website’s users ("you") within the meaning of the Federal Data Protection Act (Bundesdatenschutzgesetz BDSG).
Represented by the Boards.
Philipp Beißwenger (Chairman of the Executive Board)Benno Ziller (Member of the Executive Board)Oliver Rupps (Chairman of the Supervisory Board).
Your trust and the protection of your privacy is of special concern to us.
We therefore take protection and security of your personal data very seriously.
Your personal data will be collected, processed, and used exclusively in compliance with data protection regulations, in particular the provisions of the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the Telemedia Act (Telemediengesetz TMG).
If you have questions regarding data protection, you can always contact our data protection officer.
Below, we would like to inform you in detail about our obligation to provide information, which data are collected when you visit our website, and how these are processed and used by us.
We would also like to inform you about the accompanying protective measures we have taken from a technical and organizational point of view.
Collection and use of your personal data.
Personal data are any information about the personal and factual details of an identified or identifiable individual.
Your personal data therefore include all data that is associated with your person, such as your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address.
Personal data are collected, processed, and used by us only if and insofar you have voluntarily provided us with the relevant data for the specific collection or use of the data, a legal provision allows collection and/or use of the specific data, or you have previously explicitly consented to the specific data collection and/or use.
In connection with the pure informational use of our website, it is not necessary for you to provide personal data.
When you contact us, we collect and use only the data, which your internet browser automatically transmits, such as pages viewed, the type and operating system of the internet browser you are using, the querying domain, the IP address of the computer that contacted us, date and time of the visit to our website, and the amount of data transmitted.
We collect and use anonymous data from an informational visit for statistical purposes and for improving our internet offering.
We only save your IP address temporarily for the duration of your visit.
If you contact us, the collection, processing and use of your voluntarily provided contact details (such as name and e-mail address) is carried out only to respond to your queries and/or suggestions made via contact form, e-mail, or some other method.
The personal data collected for the above-mentioned purposes will be used exclusively for the purposes intended or to the extent necessary to safeguard our legitimate business interests.
A transfer of your personal data to third parties takes place if and insofar as this is necessary in the context of the above-mentioned purpose.
Apart from that, your personal data will not be disclosed to third parties without your consent, unless judicial or regulatory orders oblige us to do so.
Cookies.
We use cookies for our website.
Cookies are small text files that are sent by our web server to your browser as part of your visit to our website and are held by your browser for later retrieval.
We use so-called session cookies (also called temporary cookies), which are stored only for the duration of your visit to our website.
After completing your visit and closing of your internet browser, such session cookies will automatically be deleted.
In addition to those, we also use cookies, which will be used beyond that and serve to make our website more user-friendly.
You can deactivate the storage of cookies in your browser, restrict it, or configure your browser in such a way that it will automatically notify you ask for your feedback when a cookie is about to be placed.
We point out, however, that afterwards you may not be able to use all features of this website fully.
A collection or storage of personal data in cookies does not take place by us.
We also do not use techniques that link information obtained through cookies with user data.
Matomo, formerly Piwik.
We use Matomo, an open-source software, for the statistical evaluation of visitor access to our website.
Matomo uses so-called "cookies", which are text files that are stored on your computer and allow analysis of your website use.
The information about your website use, generated by the cookie (including your IP address), will only be stored on our server.
Your IP address will be anonymized immediately after processing and prior to its storage in order to prevent an individual from being identified.
HubSpot.
This website uses HubSpot, a software of HubSpot Inc.
, USA, which also has a branch in Ireland.
It serves to manage and execute our inbound marketing.
It provides statistical analyzes and an evaluation of logged user behavior.
That way we can align our marketing even better with your needs.
The saved information is stored on HubSpot servers.
They are subject to valid data protection regulations.
For more information about HubSpot and privacy, visit  If you do not want the information from your visit to be used, feel free to contact us.
Google Maps.
This site uses the map service Google Maps via an API.
Provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
To use the features of Google Maps, it is necessary to save your IP address.
This information is usually transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
The provider of this website has no influence on this data transfer.
The use of Google Maps is in the interest of an appealing display of our online offers and easy discoverability of the places we specify on our website.
This constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art.
6(1)(f) GDPR.
For more information about the handling of user data, please refer to Google’s Privacy Statement.
.
Social Media Plugins.
We use social media buttons/plugins on our website.
These are small buttons that allow you to publish content from our website in social networks under your profile.
If you activate such a button a connection will be established between our website and the social network.
In addition to the content in question, the operator of the social network receives further, partially personal, information.
This includes, for example, the fact that you are visiting our site.
The integration of social media buttons is carried out using the so-called Shariff solution.
This solution prevents you from connecting to a social network just by retrieving a page with a social media button without activating the button.
This means that information will not be sent to the social network until you use the button.
We use the following social media plugins.
Twitter (Twitter Inc.
, 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA) – Privacy Policy.
Opt-Out.
This includes, for example, content such as images, videos or texts, and buttons with which users express their likes, subscribe to content creators or to our posts.
If users are members of Twitter, Twitter can match the calling of content and functions to their user profiles.
Twitter is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement, which provides a guarantee to comply with European privacy legislation (.
Twitter (Twitter Inc.
, 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA) – Privacy Policy.
Opt-Out.
This includes, for example, content such as images, videos or texts, and buttons with which users express their likes, subscribe to content creators or to our posts.
If users are members of Twitter, Twitter can match the calling of content and functions to their user profiles.
Twitter is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement, which provides a guarantee to comply with European privacy legislation (.
LinkedIn (LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Irland) – Privacy Policy.
, Opt-Out.
Privacy Shield.
.
LinkedIn (LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Irland) – Privacy Policy.
, Opt-Out.
Privacy Shield.
.
Xing (XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Deutschland) – Privacy Policy/ Opt-Out.
accessing this website, a short-term connection will be established via your browser to XING SE ("XING") servers with which the "XING Share Button" functions (in particular the calculation/display of the counter value) are generated.
By accessing this website XING does not store personal data about you.
More particularly, XING does not store any IP addresses.
There is also no evaluation of your user behavior via the use of cookies in connection with the "XING Share Button".
Xing (XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Deutschland) – Privacy Policy/ Opt-Out.
accessing this website, a short-term connection will be established via your browser to XING SE ("XING") servers with which the "XING Share Button" functions (in particular the calculation/display of the counter value) are generated.
By accessing this website XING does not store personal data about you.
More particularly, XING does not store any IP addresses.
There is also no evaluation of your user behavior via the use of cookies in connection with the "XING Share Button".
Blog post comments.
The comment function allows you to comment on blog posts.
The use of this comment function requires the input of a name whereby you can also choose a pseudonym.
Next, you have to enter an e-mail address.
It is necessary to provide an e-mail address so that we can pass on any objections to your blog comments and ask you for an opinion.
It is not possible for you to use the comment function without this information.
When you publish your comment, the e-mail address you provided will be saved but not published.
Your name will be published if you did not use a pseudonym.
Legal basis for the processing of data which are transmitted when using the comment function for blog posts, is, if and insofar your consent exists, Art.
6(1)(a) GDPR as well as Art.
6(1)(f) GDPR.
The data provided by you will be used for the sole purpose of forwarding any complaints about your blog comments and to request your opinion on this.
In the case of complaints we can, assuming the complaints are justified, even be prosecuted for the comment under certain circumstances, and therefore have a legitimate interest in knowing the identity of the author.
The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer needed to achieve the purpose of their collection, for example, when the conversation with you about the complaints has ended and your comments have been clarified.
You have the opportunity to revoke your consent to the processing of personal data at any time.
In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal data at any time, if and insofar the processing is based on Art.
6(1)(f) GDPR.
In such a case, however, the comment function cannot be used any further.
Data security.
We use technical and organizational security measures to protect incoming and collected personal data, especially against accidental and deliberate manipulation, loss, destruction, or against the attack of unauthorized persons.
Our security measures are, in line with technological developments, continuously improved.
Our website is encrypted using SSL technology to prevent access by unauthorized third parties.
Your rights.
We would like to point out that you can revoke any personal data consent you have granted at any time.
Furthermore, you have the right, under legal conditions, to demand information about the stored personal data concerning you, free of charge, at any time.
You also have the right, under legal conditions, to request deletion, blocking, and correction of this data.
Please contact us in writing.
flexis AG, Schockenriedstraße 46, 70565 Stuttgart.
Modification of this Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time.
A current version is available on our website.
Please visit our website regularly to find out about the applicable privacy policy.
Solutions.
References.
Industries.
AboutAbout usPartnercareerAwardsQ&A.
About us.
Partner.
career.
Awards.
Q&A.
Blog.
What are you looking for.
Locations.
flexis AG.
Industriestraße 670565 StuttgartGermany.
flexis North America Inc.
110 Polaris Parkway, Suite 300Westerville, OH 43082-8028USA.
flexis Japan K.
K.
The SOHO 5152-7-4 Aomi, Koto-Ku135-0064 TokyoJapan.
flexis AG Chemnitz.
Am Rathaus 409111 ChemnitzGermany.
flexis Information Systems Inc.
438 University Avenue, Suite 1808Toronto, Ontario M5G 2K8Canada.
flexis Software Technology Consulting (Shanghai) Co.
, Ltd.
Room 502, Building BFareast Plaza, No.
317 Xianxia RoadChangning District, Shanghai200051 Shanghai, PR China.
Profi.
S GmbH.
a flexis CompanyKölner Str.
757482 WendenGermany.
flexis consult GmbH.
Industriestraße 670565 StuttgartGermany.
Contacts.
Germany.
North America.
Canada.
Asia/Pacific Office (Japan).
China.
UK / Scandinavia.
Italy.
