Data Acquisition.
Analytics & Reporting.
Planning.
Execution & Automation.
Marketplace.
Customers.
Partner.
Consulting.
Career.
Company.
Media & Events.
Knowledge & Know-how.
Community & Education.
en            cnfrdeen.
Solutions                                  Digital Manufacturing                                                                  Digital Factory with SAP DMC, ME & SAP MII                                                                  Modular IIoT solutions                                                                  Platform with built-in MES apps                                                                  Universal connectivity                                                                  Collect your machine data easily                                                                  Smart Factory Cloud                                                                  Real-time transpareny on your shop floor.
Digital Manufacturing.
Digital Factory with SAP DMC, ME & SAP MII.
Modular IIoT solutions.
Platform with built-in MES apps.
Universal connectivity.
Collect your machine data easily.
Smart Factory Cloud.
Real-time transpareny on your shop floor.
Application                                Data Acquisition                                                                  Shop Floor Data                                                                      Machine Data                                                                      Process Data                                                                      Personnel Time                                                                  Analytics & Reporting                                                                  Performance Analysis                                                                      Energy Management                                                                      Track & Trace                                                                  Planning                                                                  Detailed Planning                                                                      Digital Planning Board                                                                  Execution & Automation                                                                  Document Control & DNC                                                                      Ticketing System                                                                      Workflow Automation.
Data Acquisition.
Analytics & Reporting.
Planning.
Execution & Automation.
Marketplace.
Service                                Customers                                                                  Customer Area                                                                      Academy                                                                  Partner                                                                  Become Partner                                                                      Develop App                                                                  Consulting                                                                  Business Consulting                                                                      Technology Consulting.
Customers.
Partner.
Consulting.
Career.
Media Center                                Company                                                                  About Us                                                                      Leadership                                                                      Sustainability                                                                      Press                                                                  Media & Events                                                                  Events                                                                      Media Center                                                                  Knowledge & Know-how                                                                  Blog                                                                      Glossary                                                                  Community & Education                                                                  Developer                                                                      Virtual Factory                                                                      FORCEBRIDGE.
io                                                                      FORCEEDGE.
io.
Company.
Media & Events.
Knowledge & Know-how.
Community & Education.
Contact.
encnfrdeen.
cn.
fr.
de.
en.
Disclaimer & Privacy Policy.
Liability for ContentWe make every effort to keep the information on our Web site current, but accept no liability whatsoever for the content provided.
Pursuant to §7 par.
1 of TMG (German Tele-Media Act), the law limits our responsibility as a service provider to our own content on these Web pages.
According to §§8 to 10 of TMG, we are not obligated to monitor third-party information provided or stored on our Web site.
However, we shall promptly remove any content upon becoming aware that it violates the law.
Our liability in such an instance shall commence at the time we become aware of the respective violation.
Liability for LinksOur site contains links to third-party Web sites.
We have no influence whatsoever on the information on these Web sites and accept no guaranty for its correctness.
The content of such third-party sites is the responsibility of the respective owners/providers.
At the time third-party Web sites were linked to ours, we found NO GROUNDS WHATSOEVER of any likely contravention of the law.
We shall promptly delete a link upon becoming aware that it violates the law.
CopyrightsThe copyright laws of Germany govern the content and works provided on these Web pages.
Duplication, processing, distribution, or any form of commercialization of such material beyond the scope of the copyright law shall require the prior written consent of its respective author or creator.
Data ProtectionPlease be aware that there are inherent security risks in transmitting data, such as e-mails, via the Internet, because it is impossible to safeguard completely against unauthorized access by third parties.
Nevertheless, we shall safeguard your data, subject to this limitation.
In particular, personal information will be transmitted via the Internet only if it does not infringe upon third-party rights unless the respective party has given its prior consent in view of such security risks.
Accordingly, as the Web site provider, we shall not be held liable for any damages incurred as a consequence of such security risks or for any related acts of omission on our part.
We oppose the use of any available contact information by a third party for sending unsolicited advertisements.
As the Web site provider, we reserve the express right to take legal action against unsolicited mailing or e-mailing of spam and other similar advertising materials.
Data Privacy Policy.
Our website may be used without entering personal information.
Different rules may apply to certain services on our site, however, and are explained separately below.
We collect personal information from you (e.
g.
, name, address, email address, telephone number, etc.
) in accordance with the provisions of German data protection statutes.
Information is considered personal if it can be associated exclusively with a specific natural person.
The legal framework for data protection may be found in the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the Telemedia Act (TMG).
The provisions below serve to provide information as to the manner, extent, and purpose for collecting, using, and processing personal information by the provider.
Managing Directors.
Dr.
Andrea Rösinger, Oliver Hoffmann.
FORCAM GmbHAn der Bleicherei 1588214 Ravensburg.
Phone.
+49 (0) 75 1 / 3 66 69 0Fax.
+49 (0) 75 1 / 3 66 69 88E-Mail.
.
HRB ULM 632057DE 813103752.
Please be aware that data transfer via the internet is subject to security risks and, therefore, complete protection against third-party access to transferred data cannot be ensured.
Data protection officer.
Responsible for data protection consulting and implementation.
Connecting Media – Andreas Kunz.
Am Hardtwald 9.
76275 Ettlingen.
+49 7243 9916700.
We point out that the Internet-based data transmission has security gaps, a complete protection against access by third parties is therefore impossible.
Cookies.
Our website makes use of so-called cookies to recognize repeat use of our website by the same user/internet connection subscriber.
Cookies are small text files that your internet browser downloads and stores on your computer.
They are used to improve our website and services.
In most cases, these are so-called “session cookies” that are deleted once you leave our website.
To an extent, however, these cookies also pass along information used to recognize you automatically.
Recognition occurs through an IP address saved to the cookies.
The information thereby obtained is used to improve our services and to expedite your access to the website.
You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly.
You should be aware, however, that by doing so, you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website.
Server Data.
For technical reasons, data such as the following, which your internet browser transmits to us or our web space provider (so-called server log files), is collected.
– type and version of the browser you use – operating system – websites that linked you to our site (referrer URL) – websites that you visit – date and time of your visit – your Internet Protocol (IP) address.
This anonymous data is stored separately from any personal information you may have provided, thereby making it impossible to connect it to any particular person.
The data is used for statistical purposes to improve our website and services.
Purpose of Registering.
We offer you the opportunity to sign up for our website.
The information entered when signing up, as shown in the registration form, is collected and stored solely for use by our website.
When signing up for our website, we also store your IP address and the date and time you registered.
This serves to protect us in the event of a third party improperly and without your knowledge makes use of your data to sign up for our site.
None of this information is transferred to third parties.
Nor is any of this information matched to any information that may be collected by other components of our website.
Newsletter.
Our website offers you the opportunity to subscribe to our newsletter.
The newsletter provides you periodically with information about our services.
To receive our newsletter, we require a valid email address.
We will review the email address you provide for the purpose of determining whether you are the owner of the email address provided or whether the actual owner of said address is authorized to receive the newsletter.
When subscribing to our newsletter, we will store your IP address as well as the date and time you subscribed.
This serves to protect us in the event a third party improperly and without your knowledge makes use of your email address to subscribe to our newsletter.
We will not collect any other data.
The data thereby collected is used solely to receive our newsletter.
No data is transferred to third parties.
Nor is any of this information matched to any information that other components of our website may collect.
You may cancel your subscription to the newsletter at any time.
You will find additional details in the email confirming your subscription as well as in each newsletter.
On our website, we offer you the opportunity to contact us, either by email and/or by using a contact form.
In such an event, the information provided by the user is stored for the purpose of facilitating communications with the user.
No data is transferred to third parties.
Nor is any of this information matched to any information that may be collected by other components of our website.
Posting Comments.
On our website, we offer you the opportunity to post comments about individual articles.
For this purpose, the IP address of the user/internet connection subscriber is stored.
This information is stored for our security in the event the author, through his/her comments, infringes against third party rights and/or unlawful content is entered.
Consequently, we have a direct interest in the author’s stored data, particularly since we may be potentially liable for such violations.
No data is transferred to third parties.
Nor is any of this information matched to any information that may be collected by other components of our website.
Use of Google Analytics with anonymization.
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service from Google Inc.
, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter referred to as “Google.
“ Google Analytics employs so-called “cookies, “text files that are stored to your computer in order to facilitate an analysis of your use of the site.
The information generated by these cookies, such as time, place, and frequency of your visits to our site, including your IP address, is transmitted to Google’s location in the US and stored there.
We use Google Analytics with an IP anonymization feature on our website.
In doing so, Google abbreviates and thereby anonymizes your IP address before transferring it from member states of the European Union or signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
Google will use this information to evaluate your usage of our site, to compile reports on website activity for us, and to provide other services related to website- and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties if this is required by law or to the extent third parties process this data on Google´s behalf.
Google states that it will never associate your IP address with other data held by Google.
You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly.
You should be aware, however, that by doing so, you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website.
Google also offers a disabling option for the most common browsers, thus providing you with greater control over the data which is collected and processed by Google.
If you enable this option, no information regarding your website visit is transmitted to Google Analytics.
However, the activation does not prevent the transmission of information to us or to any other web analytics services we may use.
For more information about the disabling option provided by Google, and how to enable this option,.
visit .
Use of Facebook components.
Our website employs components provided by facebook.
com.
Facebook is a service of Facebook Inc.
, 1601 S.
California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA.
Each time our website receives an access request equipped with a Facebook component, the component prompts your browser to download an image of this Facebook component.
Through this process, Facebook is informed precisely which page of our website is being visited.
When you access our site while logged into Facebook, Facebook uses information gathered by this component to identify the precise page you are viewing and associates this information to your personal account on Facebook.
Whenever you click on the “Like“ button, for example, or enter a comment, this information is transmitted to your personal account on Facebook and stored there.
In addition, Facebook is informed of your visit to our website.
This occurs regardless of whether you click on a component or not.
If you wish to prevent the transfer to and storage of data by Facebook about you and your interaction with our website, you must first log out of Facebook before visiting our website.
The data protection policies of Facebook provide additional information, in particular about the collection and use of data by Facebook, your rights in this regard as well as the options available to you for protecting your privacy.
You can find an overview of Facebook plugins at .
Use of Twitter recommendation components.
Our website employs components provided by Twitter.
Twitter is a service of Twitter Inc.
, 795 Folsom St.
, Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA.
Each time our website receives an access request equipped with a Twitter component, the component prompts your browser to download an image of this component from Twitter.
Through this process, Twitter is informed precisely which page of our website is being visited.
We have no control over the data that Twitter collects in the process or over the extent of the data that Twitter collects.
To the best of our knowledge, Twitter collects the URL of each website accessed as well as the IP address of the user but does so solely for the purpose of displaying Twitter components.
Additional information may be obtained from the Twitter data privacy policy,.
at.
.
You may change your data privacy settings in your account settings, at .
Use of Xing recommendation components.
Our website employs components provided by the network XING.
com.
These components are a service of XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Germany.
Each time our website receives an access request equipped with a XING component, the component prompts your browser to download an image of this component from XING.
To the best of our knowledge, XING does not store any personal information from the user obtained through accessing our website.
XING also does not store IP addresses.
In addition, no analysis of user activity occurs through the use of cookies in connection with the “XING Share-Button.
” Additional information may be found in the data privacy provisions relating to the XING Share-Button,.
at .
Use of LinkedIn recommendation components.
Our website employs components provided by the network LinkedIn.
LinkedIn is a service of LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Each time our website receives an access request equipped with a LinkedIn component, the component prompts your browser to download an image of this component from LinkedIn.
Through this process, LinkedIn is informed exactly which page of our website is being accessed.
By clicking the LinkedIn “recommend button“ while logged into your LinkedIn account, you can link content from our website to your LinkedIn profile.
This allows LinkedIn to associate your visit to our site with your LinkedIn account.
We have no control over the data that LinkedIn collects thereby, nor over the extent of the data that LinkedIn collects.
Nor do we have any knowledge of the content of data transferred to LinkedIn.
Details on data collection by LinkedIn as well as your rights in this regard and your browser setting options may be obtained from the LinkedIn data privacy policy, which may be accessed at .
Use of YouTube components with enhanced data protection mode.
On our website, we use components (videos) of YouTube, LLC 901 Cherry Ave.
, 94066 San Bruno, CA, USA, a company belonging to Google Inc.
, Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
To this end, we use the “ – enhanced data protection mode – ” option provided by YouTube.
When you display a page that has an embedded video, a connection will be made to the YouTube server, and the content will appear on the website via a communication to your browser.
According to the information provided by YouTube, in “ – enhanced data protection mode -,” data is only transferred to the YouTube server, in particular, which of our websites you have visited if you watch the video.
If you are logged onto YouTube at the same time, this information will be matched to your YouTube member account.
You can prevent this from happening by logging out of your member account before visiting our website.
Google provides further information about data protection by YouTube under the following link.
Use of Vimeo components.
We use Vimeo components on our site.
Vimeo is a service of Vimeo LCC, 555 West 18th Street, New York, New York 10011, USA.
Whenever you visit our website, which is equipped with such a component, this component causes the browser you are using to download a corresponding display of the Vimeo component.
When you visit our site and are at the same time logged into Vimeo, Vimeo recognizes by means of the information collected by the component, which specific page you are visiting, and assigns this information to your personal account at Vimeo.
If, for example, you click on the “Play” button or make comments, this information will be conveyed to your personal user account at Vimeo and stored there.
In addition, the information that you have visited our site will be passed on to Vimeo.
This is done regardless of whether you click on the component/comment or not.
If you want to prevent this transmission and storage of data by Vimeo about you and your behavior on our website, you must log out of Vimeo before you visit our site.
Vimeo’s Privacy Policy provides more detailed information concerning this, in particular regarding the collection and use of data by.
Vimeo.
.
Use of Google-Adwords.
For purposes of promotion, our website also employs the Google ad tool “Google-Adwords.
” As part of this, our website employs the analysis service “Conversion-Tracking” from Google Inc.
, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter referred to as “Google.
“ If you access our site by way of a Google ad, a cookie is placed on your computer.
Cookies are small text files that your internet browser downloads and stores to your computer.
These so-called “conversion cookies” cease to be active after 30 days and are not used to identify you personally.
If you visit certain pages of our website while the cookie is still active, we and Google know that you, as a user, have clicked on ads placed on Google and were redirected to our site.
Google uses the information obtained through “conversion cookies” to compile statistics for our website.
These statistics tell us the total number of users who have clicked on our ad, as well as which pages of our site were then accessed by each user.
However, neither we nor other advertisers who use “Google-Adwords” receive any kind of information that can be used to personally identify users.
You can prevent the installation of “conversion cookies” by making the appropriate change to your browser settings, for example by setting your browser so that the automatic placement of cookies is deactivated or by blocking cookies from the domain “googleadservices.
com.
“.
You can obtain the relevant data privacy policy from Google at the following link.
Use of Google AdSense.
Our website employs Google AdSense.
Google AdSense is a service of Google Inc.
, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, for incorporating advertisements.
Google-AdSense uses so-called “cookies, “text files that are stored to your computer and which provide analysis of the use of our website.
Furthermore, Google AdSense uses so-called “web beacons.
“ Web beacons allow Google to analyze information, such as visitor traffic to our website.
This information, along with your IP address and the ad format displayed, is transmitted to Google in the US where it is stored and may be transferred by Google to contracting partners.
However, Google does not merge your IP-address with other stored data on you.
You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly.
You should be aware, however, that by doing so, you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website.
By using our website, you declare that you agree to the processing of data collected about you by Google in the manner previously described and for the purposes there specified.
Information/Cancellation/Deletion.
On the basis of the Federal Data Protection Act, you may contact us at no cost if you have questions relating to the collection, processing or use of your personal information, if you wish to request the correction, blocking or deletion of the same, or if you wish to cancel explicitly granted consent.
Please note that you have the right to have incorrect data corrected or to have personal data deleted, where such a claim is not barred by any legal obligation to retain this data.
Sample Data Privacy Policy Statement provided by the Law Offices of Weiß & Partner.
Stay up to date and subscribe to our Newsletter.
Name.
Mail Address.
I read the Data Policy.
Send.
Get to know the FORCAM technology.
Legal.
Contact.
Terms of Use.
Privacy Policy.
Terms and Conditions.
Quicklinks.
Company.
Blog.
Media Center.
Career.
Customer Area.
Contact.
Social Media.
