Privacy Policy.
Updated – April 6, 2022.
Formlabs is committed to protecting your privacy.
This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) applies to our websites, including  our online store, our community forum, our career page, and our online, central printing dashboard (the “Dashboard”) (collectively, the “Websites”) as well as products and services (“Services”) provided by Formlabs Inc.
or its subsidiaries, including Formlabs GmbH (“Formlabs” together with “we,” “us,” and “our”).
This Privacy Policy governs our data collection, processing and usage practices.
Changes to this Privacy Policy.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time at our sole discretion by posting a new version online.
You should check this page occasionally to review any changes.
We will provide notice of any material changes by doing one or more of the following.
(i) posting the changes on or through the Services, (ii) sending you an email or message about the changes, or (iii) posting an update on our Websites and changing the "Updated" date above.
Your continued use of the Websites and Services and continued provision of information to us will be subject to the revised terms of the then-current Privacy Policy.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our treatment of the information you provide us, please write to us by email at [email protected] or by mail to Formlabs Inc.
, 35 Medford St.
, Somerville, MA 02143, Attn.
Privacy.
Information We Collect.
When you visit the Websites, register for our store, our forums, or the Dashboard, or apply for a job through our career page, we collect Navigational Information and may request that you provide Personal Information.
Often you are able to choose what information you provide, but from time to time we may require certain information in order to provide the Services.
Personal Information.
“Personal Information” means any information that identifies you personally, including your name, e-mail address, company name, address, phone number, and other personally identifiable information about you or your business.
Personal Information can also include information about any transactions, both free and paid, that you enter into on the Websites.
Personal Information may further include your IP address or other Navigational Information, discussed below, if such information can be used to identify you.
Navigational Information.
“Navigational Information” means information about your computer and your visits to the Websites such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit, and pages viewed.
Information About Children.
The Websites are not intended for or targeted at children under 13 years old, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children under 13.
If you believe that we have collected information about a child under 13, please contact us at [email protected], so that we may delete the information.
Diagnostic and User Information.
During installation, Formlabs software may ask you to consent to the collection of diagnostic information regarding your use of Formlabs software or hardware in order to help our engineers improve Formlabs products.
If you consent, you agree that Formlabs may collect, maintain, and use information about the operation of your Formlabs hardware and software, such as hardware serial numbers, print times, laser power levels, and 3D model sizes.
No models, 3D geometry, or Personal Information will be collected without your additional and explicit consent.
If you choose to create an online account with the Dashboard or use a printer that has been previously connected to the Dashboard, you agree that Formlabs may collect, maintain, and use information about the operation of your Formlabs hardware and software, such as hardware serial numbers, print times, laser power levels, resin type and volume, temperature, 3D model size, and other information relevant to printer operation.
Further, the Dashboard users agree to share an isometric view of 3D models to be used for preview purposes within the user interface.
Full models, 3D geometry, and Personal Information will not be collected without your additional and explicit consent.
By opting to use our “Remote Print” feature, you are consenting to share part print files with Formlabs.
Formlabs will use these print files in accordance with this Privacy Policy in order to remotely upload your object to the designated printer through Dashboard.
Formlabs may ask you to provide feedback regarding your printing experience.
Any feedback will also be collected, maintained, and used by Formlabs in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information collected for and by the Dashboard will be associated with specific printers, identifiable by serial name.
Users will access the printer through an encrypted MAC address where they will be prompted to create a username and password.
Users who create an account will be able to associate printers with their account using the unique encrypted MAC address of the printer accessible via the printer’s user interface.
Multiple user accounts may be associated with each printer, but each user must have physical access to the printer.
Each user will be able to see every print job queued to the printer, but will be unable to associate print jobs with specific users unless the users self-identify in the print job’s title.
Use of Collected Information.
The use of any information collected is governed by the relevant current legislation in your region as well as this Privacy Policy.
Should we wish to use your Personal Information for a purpose requiring your explicit consent in accordance with such legislation, we will request your explicit consent in each case.
Mere registration for our Services or use of our Websites does not constitute explicit consent.
Once given, you may revoke your consent at any time and/or object to future uses of your Personal Information by following the process outlined under “Opting-Out and Unsubscribing” below.
We Never Sell Personal Information.
We will never sell your Personal Information to any third party.
Use of Personal Information.
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may use your Personal Information to.
(a) provide the Services.
(b) improve your browsing experience by personalizing the Websites.
(c) send information that we think may be of interest to you or that you have consented to receive by post, email, or other means, including notifications regarding print status, resin levels, or other printer-specific information you may request.
(d) send you marketing communications related to our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you.
(e) provide third parties with aggregated and anonymized statistical information about our users.
(f) comply with applicable laws.
and (g) carry out our other legitimate interests.
Formlabs may also collect Personal Information if you apply for a job through the career page on our Websites.
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may use the Personal Information that we collect through our career page to.
(a) consider your application in respect of the role for which you have applied.
(b) consider your application in respect of other roles for which you may be qualified.
(c) communicate with you about the recruitment and employment process.
(d) comply with applicable laws.
and (e) to carry out our other legitimate interests.
We may use technology to automatically screen for appropriate candidates based on criteria that we identify or that is typical for the role for which you have applied.
however, any hiring decisions will be made by Formlabs representatives.
Use of Navigational Information.
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may use Navigational Information to.
(a) operate and improve the Websites and Services.
(b) deliver relevant content and advertisements to you.
(c) track and analyze how our users interact with our Websites and Services.
(d) comply with applicable laws.
and (e) to carry out our other legitimate interests.
We may also use Navigational Information alone or in combination with Personal Information to provide you with personalized information about Formlabs, such as whether shipping is available in your region.
Use of Diagnostic and User Information.
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may use diagnostic and user information to.
(a) maintain and improve our Services.
(b) make adjustments to the print process.
(c) identify common failure modes.
(d) monitor print experience satisfaction.
(e) populate the Dashboard with a queue of print jobs previously executed or to be executed.
(f) comply with applicable laws.
and (g) to carry out our other legitimate interests.
Customer Testimonials and Comments.
We post customer testimonials and comments on our Websites, which may contain Personal Information.
We obtain each customer's consent via email prior to posting the customer’s name and testimonial.
Use of Credit Card Information.
If you give us credit card information, we use it solely to check your financial qualifications and collect payment from you.
We use a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing.
Disclosure of Collected Information.
We may disclose your information to other Formlabs entities in the United States and worldwide for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Formlabs Inc.
and its subsidiaries shall be considered joint controllers for any information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy.
By using our Websites or Services, you consent to the transfer of your information to other Formlabs entities worldwide.
We may also share your information with trusted third parties in the United States and worldwide for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Examples may include removing repetitive information from prospect lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service.
These third parties have only limited access to your information, may use your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf, and are obligated to us not to disclose or use your information for other purposes.
Security of your Personal Information.
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure.
When sensitive Personal Information (such as credit card information) is collected in our store, it is protected by our third-party e-commerce provider.
Social Media Features.
Our Websites include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, and widgets, such as the “Share This” button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Websites.
These features may collect certain Navigational Information, including your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Websites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Websites.
Your interactions with these features and widgets are governed by the privacy policy of the companies providing them.
External Websites.
Our Websites provide links to other websites.
We do not control, and are not responsible for, the content or practices of these other websites.
Our provision of such links does not constitute our endorsement of these other websites, their content, their owners, or their practices.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to these other websites, which are subject to any privacy and other policies they may have.
Public Forums.
We may offer publicly accessible message boards, blogs, and community forums.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose any information through our public message boards, blogs, or forums, this information may be collected and used by others.
We will correct or delete any information you have posted on our servers if you so request, as described in “Opting-Out and Unsubscribing” below.
Retention of Personal Information.
We retain the Personal Information that you provide us only for as long as (a) you provide consent, (b) we have a legitimate interest in retaining such Personal Information, or (c) retention is required under applicable law.
If you no longer want Formlabs to use your Personal Information, you may close your account and rescind consent as described in “Opting-Out and Unsubscribing” below.
Following the revocation of your consent, Formlabs may continue to retain and use your Personal Information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce agreements, and as otherwise necessary to carry out our legitimate interests as described in this Privacy Policy.
We also maintain log files for internal analysis purposes.
These log files are generally retained for a brief period of time, except in cases where they are used for site security and safety, to improve site functionality, or we are legally obligated to retain them for longer time periods.
If such log files are maintained for a longer time period, they are anonymized and are not associated with Personal Information.
We will remove this information from our servers at an earlier date if you so request, as described in “Opting-Out and Unsubscribing” below.
International Transfer of Information.
To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer and access Personal Information from around the world, including the United States.
If you are in the European Union, or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, by providing your Personal Information to us, you consent to the transfer to, processing of, and storage of your Personal Information in the United States and other countries, the privacy laws of which may be considered less strict than those of your region.
This consent applies in addition to other legal grounds for transfer, processing, and storage of your Personal Information, such as for contract fulfillment purposes.
To the extent that Formlabs is deemed to transfer Personal Information outside of the European Union we rely separately, alternatively, and independently on the following legal bases to transfer your information.
Model Clauses.
The European Commission has adopted standard contractual clauses (also known as Model Clauses), which provide safeguards for Personal Information that is transferred outside of Europe.
We often use these Model Clauses when transferring Personal Information outside of Europe.
You can request a copy of our Model Clauses by emailing [email protected].
Necessary For The Performance of The Contract Between Formlabs and Its Users.
Formlabs provides a voluntary service.
you can choose whether or not you want to use our Websites or Services.
However, if you want to use our Websites or Services, you need to agree to our Terms of Service, which set out the contract between Formlabs and its users.
As we operate in countries worldwide (including in the United States) and use technical infrastructure in the United States to deliver the Websites and Services to you, in accordance with the contract between us, we need to transfer your Personal Information to the United States and to other jurisdictions as necessary to provide the Websites and Services.
Simply put, we can’t provide you with the Websites or Services and perform our contract with you without moving your Personal Information around the world.
Corporate Events.
If we (or our assets) are acquired by another company, whether by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or otherwise, the acquiring company would receive all the information, including Personal Information, gathered by Formlabs through the Websites and Services.
This information would continue to be governed by this Privacy Policy.
Compelled Disclosure.
We reserve the right to use or disclose your Personal Information if required by law or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or to comply with a law, court order, or legal process.
Cookies and Data Trackers.
We use and allow trusted third parties to use cookies, clickstream capture, pixels, web beacons, web collection forms, and other similar technologies (collectively “Data Trackers”) on our Websites and Services.
We use these Data Trackers to.
(a) understand your use of our Websites and Services.
(b) to improve your user experience and enable personalized features and content.
to optimize our advertisements and marketing.
(c) and to enable third party advertising companies to assist us in serving ads specific to your interests across the internet.
Consent and Legitimate Interests in Processing.
Certain Data Trackers are employed to make the Websites and Services function for their intended purposes.
By choosing to use our Websites and Services after having been notified of our use of Data Trackers in the ways described in this Privacy Policy, and, in applicable jurisdictions, through notice and unambiguous acknowledgment of your consent, you agree to such use.
Log Files.
Formlabs may also automatically collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests, and favorites using log files.
Log files may also include information regarding the success, failure of, or individual satisfaction with recent print jobs.
Furthermore, log files may also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Formlabs.
This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times, and referring website addresses.
This information is used by Formlabs for the operation of the Websites and Services, to maintain the quality of the Websites and Services, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Websites and Services.
This temporary storage of information by the system is necessary to allow the delivery of the Websites and Services to the user’s computer.
To do this, the user's IP address must be kept for the duration of the session.
This information is stored in order to ensure the functionality of the Websites and Services.
In addition, this information is used to optimize the Websites and Services and to ensure the security of our information technology systems.
This information is not used for marketing purposes.
The log files will be deleted or anonymized after a reasonable time period, unless there is a need to keep the information for our legitimate interests or as required by law.
Opting-Out and Unsubscribing.
Data Subject Rights.
If you provide us with your Personal Information, you have the following rights with respect to that information.
Where applicable, these rights are intended to align with Chapter 3 of the GDPR.
To have transparent, plain-language communication regarding your Personal Information.
To have transparent, plain-language communication regarding your Personal Information.
To revoke your informed consent at any time.
To revoke your informed consent at any time.
To review the Personal Information that you have supplied to us and how this Personal Information has been used, including any international transfer history.
To review the Personal Information that you have supplied to us and how this Personal Information has been used, including any international transfer history.
To request that we correct any errors, outdated information, or omissions in the Personal Information that you have supplied to us.
To request that we correct any errors, outdated information, or omissions in the Personal Information that you have supplied to us.
To request that your Personal Information not be used to contact you.
To request that your Personal Information not be used to contact you.
To request that your Personal Information be removed from any solicitation list that we use.
To request that your Personal Information be removed from any solicitation list that we use.
To request that your Personal Information be deleted from our records.
To request that your Personal Information be deleted from our records.
To opt-out of being solicited by us or third parties.
To opt-out of being solicited by us or third parties.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at [email protected] or by mail to Formlabs Inc.
, 35 Medford St.
, Somerville, MA 02143, Attention.
Privacy.
We will promptly change, correct, or delete your Personal Information.
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you shall have the right to complain to a supervisory authority–in particular in the member state of your place of residence or employment or the place of the alleged infringement–if you believe that the processing of the personal data is violating the GDPR.
To Unsubscribe From Our Communications.
You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located at the bottom of our emails or by sending contacting by email at [email protected] or by mail to Formlabs Inc.
, 35 Medford St.
, Somerville, MA 02143, Attention.
Privacy.
Customers cannot opt-out of receiving transactional emails related to their account with us or our store as these communications are necessary for the completion of the Services.
California Consumer Privacy Act.
For California Consumers Only.
This California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) Statement applies to California residents and supplements this Privacy Policy with additional disclosures, rights, and obligations.
Any terms defined in the CCPA, unless otherwise defined in this section, have the same meaning when used in this section.
Information Formlabs Collects.
Formlabs has collected the following categories of Personal Information from its consumers within the last 12 months.
Formlabs never sells Personal Information.
To learn more about the business or commercial purposes for collecting this Personal Information, please see “Use of Personal Information,” “Use of Diagnostic and UserInformation,” “Use of Navigational Information,” and, “Use of Credit Card Information,”  in this Privacy Policy.
To learn more about the sources of collection, please see “Data Collection” in this Privacy Policy.
To learn more about who we share this Personal Information with, please see “We Never Sell Personal Information,” Retention of Personal Information,” and “Disclosure of Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy.
Rights of California Consumers.
As of January 1, 2020, California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their Personal Information is shared.
California residents may exercise the following rights with respect to their Personal Information.
Access.
California consumers may request that Formlabs disclose to them the Personal Information Formlabs collects, uses, discloses, and sells, up to two times per year.
Once we confirm your verifiable request, we will disclose your Personal Information we collect, use, disclose, and sell, if applicable.
Deletion.
Consumers may request the deletion of their Personal Information collected or maintained by us.
Once we confirm your verifiable request, we will delete your Personal Information from our records.
We may deny your request for deletion where an exception exists.
Other Rights.
In addition to the rights above, once per year California consumers may also request certain information about our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year.
Subject to exception for incentives that are reasonably related to the value of Personal Information, California consumers also have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights listed above.
Exercising Your Rights and Verifying Your Request.
If you wish to exercise any of your CCPA rights, please contact us at [email protected] Formlabs will then reasonably verify your request by matching the identifying information you provide with your personal information maintained by Formlabs.
Services.
Enter your email address for updates.
