Home.
About Us.
Messages.
Podcast.
News.
Devotions.
Contact Us.
Messages.
Contact Us.
Privacy Policy.
Home.
Privacy Policy.
Our Commitment to Your Privacy.
4 R Faith is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) sets out how 4 R Faith uses and protects any information that you give 4 R Faith when you use this website.
By using this website and providing us with your information, you agree to this Privacy Policy.
When the term “you” is used below, we refer to “you” as an individual, and you along with your end-users if you are a business entity.
Your Consent and Changes to the Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right, in our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time, without prior notice to you.
All revisions will be posted on this page.
We urge you to review the Privacy Policy for changes.
Your continued use of any of this website means that you accept any changes.
What Information Do We Collect.
When contacting us through our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, phone number, job title, or other information.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us.
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service.
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
Security.
We have established appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure information we collect via this website.
We cannot enforce or control the security of devices and networks that you may use to submit information to us.
We are not responsible for the disclosure or interception of your information before we receive it.
Do We Disclose Any Information To Outside Parties.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
What Are Cookies.
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier.
When you visit a website, that site’s computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies.
Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
How Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies.
As you use our website, the site uses its cookies to differentiate you from other users.
In some cases, we also use cookies to prevent you from seeing unnecessary advertisements or requiring you to log in more than is necessary for security.
Cookies, in conjunction with our web server’s log files, allow us to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Cookies do not allow us to gather any personal information about you and we do not generally store any personal information that you provided to us in your cookies.
Links to Other Websites.
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily.
These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Click Here to Contact Us.
