ITALIAN G7 PRESIDENCY 2017.
Follow us.
Search form.
HOME.
ITALY'S G7 PRESIDENCY Origin and DevelopmentHow does the G7 work.
Previous Italian PresidenciesPrioritiesLogo and identityOrganization and budget.
Origin and Development.
How does the G7 work.
Previous Italian Presidencies.
Priorities.
Logo and identity.
Organization and budget.
SUMMIT Taormina SummitVenueParticipants.
Taormina Summit.
Venue.
Participants.
CALENDAR.
ACCREDITATION.
NEWS & MULTIMEDIA NewsMultimedia.
News.
Multimedia.
DOCUMENTS.
Privacy policy.
Type of data and scope of treatment.
Navigation dataIn this category, the data treated includes IP addresses and/or dominion names for the computers connected to this site, URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) addresses of relevant resources, the exact time of access, the method used to request access to the server, the dimension of any file received in response, the numeric code regarding the status of server response (successful, error, etc.
) and other parameters relative to the operational system and to the user’s computer environment.
The navigation data acquired does not aim to identify users, but to gather, anonymously, statistical information on the use of the site and of the services it provides.
In this category, the data treated includes IP addresses and/or dominion names for the computers connected to this site, URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) addresses of relevant resources, the exact time of access, the method used to request access to the server, the dimension of any file received in response, the numeric code regarding the status of server response (successful, error, etc.
) and other parameters relative to the operational system and to the user’s computer environment.
The navigation data acquired does not aim to identify users, but to gather, anonymously, statistical information on the use of the site and of the services it provides.
Cookies.
Cookies are small text files that sites send to the user’s computer.
They are memorized and retransmitted to those same sites when the users log on again.
The site uses.
Cookies that do not serve to identify the user but that are rather limited to transmitting data relative to the session and in the form of numbers automatically generated by the server.
The cookies are not memorized permanently but are automatically cancelled once the browser is closed.
Third party cookies are created to view YouTube videos.
The Presidency of the Council of Ministers does not have access to data that is gathered and treated autonomously by third parties.
For more information on the treatment of data by social networks, users are invited to read those service’s privacy policies.
YouTube .
The site uses Google Analytics to gather data, in aggregate form, on the number of users and on how they navigate on this site.
The relevant cookie policy is available here  To protect your privacy, cookies are not used to profile users.
Chrome.
Firefox.
Safari.
Internet Explorer.
Opera.
Your rights.
At any time, under art.
7 of the aforementioned Law, you can exercise your right to consult, modify or delete data or oppose their use.
Such requests should be forwarded to the same address, on request, a list of controllers is available.
Attraverso i medesimi recapiti, l’Utente potrà chiedere inoltre la lista aggiornata di tutti i Responsabili del trattamento nominati dal Titolare.
Update.
The Privacy Policy of this site is subject to change.
Users are invited therefore to check its contents periodically.
ITALIAN G7 PRESIDENCY 2017.
Follow us.
Transparent Administration.
Site map.
Privacy Policy.
Legal Notes.
