Privacy Policy.
General Cable understands that privacy is important to its customers.
MyGeneralCable.
com collects and uses your Personal Data (e.
g.
, your name, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number, financial information and business profile) to provide you with useful information and material to improve our services and this Web site, and to contact you for business related purposes.
When you visit an Internet Web site, you disclose certain information about yourself such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the time of your visit and the referring location (the site or page that offered a link to the MyGeneralCable.
com page).
When you visit our Web site (Site), we store some information about you in the form of a cookie or similar file.
Cookies store and help track your information, saving data about individual visitors such as your name, password, screen preferences and the pages of the Site you viewed.
When you revisit this Site, MyGeneralCable.
com may recognize you by the Internet cookie and customize your experience accordingly.
With most web browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drives, block all cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored.
Please refer to your web browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
MyGeneralCable.
com also collects Personal Data that you provide to us voluntarily, such as through the My User Profile.
Personal Data will be used to help us improve our Site, get in touch with you, to confirm or clarify an order, to familiarize you with new products and services, to send you information, and for our planning, marketing and strategic information purposes.
Personal Data will be disclosed as necessary to third parties under contract with us to improve and provide services associated with the Site.
In addition, we may provide your name and postal and e-mail address to select companies we believe you may find interesting.
We may also disclose Personal Data when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or to protect the rights or property of General Cable in General Cable’s sole discretion.
Personal Data may be disclosed or distributed to another party with which General Cable enters, or may reasonably enter, into a corporate transaction, such as for example, a merger, consolidation, acquisition or asset purchase.
In situations involving bankruptcy or insolvency, the database containing Personal Data may be treated as an asset of General Cable.
This Site contains links to other Web Sites.
If you access a third party site from a link on this Site, any information you disclose on that site is not subject to this privacy policy.
It is your obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other Web sites.
Except as necessary for MyGeneralCable.
com to provide the services and products requested by you, you may opt out of having your personally identifiable information used by MyGeneralCable.
com for secondary purposes and for disclosure to third parties.
To do so, please contact MyGeneralCable.
com via e-mail at the following address.
In addition, at your request, via e-mail, MyGeneralCable.
com will provide you a summary of the personal data it has regarding you.
Should you wish to modify, correct, change or update any of the information, you should contact us at or (859) 572-8000.
MyGeneralCable.
com reserves the rights to change its Privacy Policy at any time with or without notice.
Your continued use of this Site after any changes made to this Privacy Policy signifies your understanding of intention and agreement to be bound by such change.
It is your responsibility to monitor this Privacy Policy for changes.
This Policy was last updated on April 1, 2008.
©2008.
General Cable Corporation.
Highland Heights, KY  41076 All rights reserved.
Phone 859-572-8000.
Fax 859-572-8458.
Email Us.
Terms and Conditions.
Privacy Policy.
