Products OverviewGlarVisionGlarAssistIntegrations.
Overview.
GlarVision.
GlarAssist.
Integrations.
Solutions The Augmented & Connected workerVisual Remote AssistanceUse Cases.
The Augmented & Connected worker.
Visual Remote Assistance.
Use Cases.
Industries ManufacturingUtilitiesAutomotiveFood & BeverageField Services.
Manufacturing.
Utilities.
Automotive.
Food & Beverage.
Field Services.
Resources LibraryMedia.
Library.
Media.
Company AboutNewsEventsPartnersCareersContacts.
About.
News.
Events.
Partners.
Careers.
Contacts.
Customer Support Help Center.
Help Center.
Blog.
Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy.
Updated.
June 30th, 2021.
This Privacy Policy describes the information that we gather on or through the Service, how we use and disclose such information, and the steps we take to protect such information.
By visiting the Site, or by purchasing or using the Service, you accept the privacy practices described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and is subject to, Glartek’s Terms and Conditions.
Owner and Data Controller.
Glarevision, S.
A.
(“Glartek”).
Rua da Carvalha, nº 570, 2400-441 Leiria, Portugal.
Owner contact email.
[email protected].
Definitions.
“Customer” – means a customer of Glartek.
“Service” – collectively, together with Web Site, means downloadable software, and other services provided by us and on which a link to this Privacy Policy is displayed.
“Personal Data” – means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
“Site” – means our web site at  and all related web sites.
Collected Data.
Glartek collects the following Personal Data (related to individuals).
Name.
Job Title.
Company Name.
Professional Email Address.
Professional Phone Number.
Personal Data also includes other information, such as IP address, geographic area or preferences, when any such information is linked to information that identifies a specific individual.
A Customer may store or upload into de Service other Personal Data.
Each Customer is responsible for providing notice to its customers and third persons concerning the purpose for which the Customer collects their Personal Data and how this Personal Data is processed in or through the Service.
Use of Personal Data.
Glartek uses Personal Data to provide information or demos about the Service to potential customers and to provide Service to Customers, as to keep them updated about such Services, by means of periodical emails or messages.
Glartek will collect and use Personal Data solely for fulfilling the above specified purposes and for ancillary purposes of the same.
Data Processors.
To support the delivery of our services, Glartek relies on service providers.
Any service provider engaged by Glartek that might have access or process data that may contain Personal Data is considered a Data Processor.
Below follows a list of our current Data Processors.
Amazon Web Services – Cloud service provider.
Cloudflare – Content distribution, security services and DNS services.
Google Analytics – Service to measure visitors to website.
MailChimp – Email service.
Sentry – Error handling service.
Tawk – Chat service.
Disclosures of Personal Data.
Glartek only discloses Personal Data to service providers where the disclosure is absolutely necessary to provide the Service that our Customer requests.
Glartek will not sell any kind of Personal Data.
Glartek may disclose Personal Data to comply with lawful requests, subpoenas, search warrants or orders by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Glartek may also disclose Personal Data in order to address a violation of the law or to exercise its legal rights or respond to a legal claim.
Change of Ownership.
Personal Data may be physically or electronically transferred to an acquirer, or successor or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets, for the sole purpose of continuing the operation of the Service, and only if the recipient of the Personal Data commits to a Privacy Policy that has terms substantially consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Data Subject Rights.
You may request Glartek to confirm if information about you is processed.
If our information about you is incorrect, you may request Glartek to rectify your information.
You may request Glartek to delete your information.
You may request Glartek to restrict the processing of your information.
You may request Glartek to provide you with an electronic file of your information or to transfer your personal data to a third party if such is technically feasible.
GDPR.
Glartek aims to comply with General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016⁄679 or “GDPR”).
This Privacy Policy is a direct result of such compliance.
Data Protection Officer.
Glartek has a Data Protection Officer (DPO), which (i) monitors compliance of data processing with applicable standards, (ii) is a point of contact with the Data Subjects to clarify questions regarding the processing of your data by Glartek, (iii) cooperates with the data protection authority, (iv) provides advice about Glartek’s obligations regarding privacy and data protection.
Use of Cookies.
A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website – when visited by a user – asks your browser to store on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information.
Like many other websites, Glartek website uses cookies.
If you decide to change your consent preferences, please be aware that you should clean your browser cookies to remove previously installed cookies.
Please bear in mind that turning cookies off may result in a loss of functionality when using our website.
Data Security.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
We also cannot guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
If you believe your Personal Data has been compromised, please contact us.
If we learn of a security systems breach, we will inform you and the authorities of the occurrence of the breach in accordance with applicable law.
Data Retention.
We only retain the Personal Data collected as long as the Service is being provided to the customer or otherwise for a limited period of time as long as we need it to fulfill the purposes for which we have initially collected it, unless otherwise required by law.
We will retain and use information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements as follows.
– Personal Data from previous Customers are deleted within 6 months of the termination of the Service.
– Backups are kept for 3 months.
– Billing information is retained for a period of 5 years.
– Information on legal transactions between the Customer and Glartek is retained for a period of 10 years.
Data Transfer.
We may transfer to, and store the data we collect about you in, countries other than the country in which the data was originally collected, including the United States or other destinations outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and the United Kingdom.
Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you provided the data.
When we transfer your data to other countries, we will protect the data as described in this Privacy Policy and comply with applicable legal requirements providing adequate protection for the transfer of data to countries outside the EEA and outside the United Kingdom.
If you are located in the EEA or the United Kingdom, we will only transfer your personal data if the country to which the personal data will be transferred has been granted a European Commission adequacy decision.
Changes to This Policy.
Glartek reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it regularly.
The date of its last update shall always be visible at the top.
Your continued use of the Service after the revised Policy has become effective indicates that you have read, understood, and agreed to the current version of the Privacy Policy.
Contact Us.
Please contact us with any questions, comments, concerns, or complaints about this Privacy Policy, your Personal Data, our use and disclosure practices, or your consent choices by email at [email protected].
Contact Us.
[email protected].
Rua da Carvalha, 570, 2400-441, Leiria, Portugal.
About.
Glartek’s vision is to increase the efficiency and safety of industrial tasks performed by frontline workers.
We digitize assets & tasks and Augment & Connect workers, enabling a Continuous Improvement mindset to achieve Operational Excellence.
Security   |   Information Security Policy Statement.
Privacy policy   |   Terms & Conditions.
Co-funded projects.
© 2021 Glartek.
Privacy Overview.
