My Account.
Recent ().
About Us.
Contact Us.
Cart (0).
Engagement Rings.
Diamonds.
Wedding Rings.
Jewellery.
Solitaire Setting.
Halo Setting.
Pave Setting.
Matching Set Setting.
Three Stone Setting.
Side Stones Setting.
Oval Shape Engagement Rings.
Cushion Cut Engagement Rings.
Emerald Cut Engagement Rings.
Princess Cut Engagement Rings.
Vintage Diamond Engagement Rings.
Platinum Diamond Engagement rings.
0.
5 carat diamond engagement rings.
1.
00 carat diamond engagement rings.
1.
50 carat diamond engagement rings.
2.
00 carat diamond engagement rings.
2.
50 carat diamond engagement ringss.
3.
00 carat diamond engagement rings.
Round.
Oval.
Radiant.
Marquise.
Princess.
Pear.
Asscher.
Emerald.
Cushion.
Heart.
Education.
Glossary.
Care.
Fluorescence.
Women's Diamond Rings.
Women's Wedding.
Eternity Rings.
Bands.
Men's Diamond Rings.
Men's Wedding Bands.
Wedding Rings Advice.
Bridal Jewellery.
Design Your Own.
Stud Earrings.
Drop Earrings.
Chandelier Earrings.
Design Your Own.
Letter Pendant.
Circle Of Life.
Heart Pendants.
Tennis Bracelets.
Diamond Bangles.
Gemstones Jewellery.
GoldeNet Australia Privacy Policy.
This privacy policy is effective as of January 1st, 2005.
Information Collection and Use.
GoldeNet Australia is the sole owner of information collected on this website.
We will not sell, share, or rent this information to any outside parties, except as outlined in our policy.
We collect information from you to process orders and better serve you with relevant information, such as order confirmations and order status updates.
Information collected includes your name, shipping address, billing address, telephone numbers, e-mail address, and payment information such as a credit card number.
We also require you to submit a username and password of your choice for future access to your account information.
To ensure confidentiality we safeguard your user name and password, and therefore DO NOT share this information with anyone.
If you elect to receive our newsletter or special promotion details, your contact information will be used for the delivery of these items.
Registration.
In order to process your orders placed on this website, you must first complete the registration form.
During registration you will be required to provide your contact information.
which includes your name, e-mail address, telephone number and street address.
This information is used to provide you with important GoldeNet Australia services such as automated order status updates via e-mail.
Order.
Most of the information collected in the registration process will be used to process orders.
During the order process, you will need to provide financial information such as your credit card number, expiration date, money order, wire transfer or cheque information.
This information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill your order.
If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you.
To properly process your credit card information, we must share your personal and financial information with the merchant bank for authorisation and approval.
This process is protected by an enhanced security system.
See the Security section below for more details on security measures and procedures.
We do not share your personal and financial information with any third parties, except those specified in the Sharing section of this policy.
Cookies.
We customise certain Web page content based on your browser-type or other information provided by our cookie.
If you reject the cookie, you will still be able to browse our site, use our shopping cart and purchase items.
We do not share any personally identifiable information provided by this cookie with any third party.
Cookies are used only for the purpose of providing you with a better personal experience at GoldeNet Australia.
Log Files.
We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
We do not link IP addresses to personally identifiable information, and we do not distribute or share IP information with any third parties.
Sharing.
We may employ third party companies to perform functions on our behalf.
These functions may include order fulfillment, package delivery, marketing assistance, postal and e-mail delivery, customer service, data analysis, and credit processing.
The third parties we contract for these purposes have limited access to your personal information and will not use it for other purposes.
As our business continues to evolve, we may acquire or sell business units or subsidiaries.
Customer information is one of the business assets that would be transferred in these types of situations.
In this case, your personally identifiable information would only be used in a manner consistent with our pre-existing Privacy Notice.
In the interests of creating a safer marketplace, goldenet.
com.
au will disclose its customers personally identifiable information to law enforcement or third party fraud protection companies whenever such disclosure is required by state or federal law.
Links.
This website contains links to other sites.
Please be aware that goldenet.
com.
au is not responsible for the privacy practices of these sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each website that collects personally identifiable information.
Security.
goldenet.
com.
au takes precautions to protect its customers information.
When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
When our registration/order form asks you to enter sensitive information (such as your credit card number), this information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software currently available in the market - SSL.
goldenet.
com.
au uses the most advanced form of SSL software available.
128-bit encryption.
Access to all of our users information is restricted.
goldenet.
com.
au operates in a secured and locked facility that requires all employees to check-in and wear valid ID badges.
Security cameras are positioned throughout the building in conjunction with multiple alarm systems.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information.
If you wish to have your financial information removed at the time of your order, you may opt to have this information deleted from our records upon completion of your order.
Otherwise, you may contact us at to request that your information be deleted from our database.
For future transactions, you will be required to re-enter this information.
All goldenet.
com.
au servers, including web servers and database servers, are housed and maintained in secure locations.
Access to the database is strictly monitored and protected from outside access.
Internet access is restricted and protected by multiple Checkpoint, Cisco firewalls and password protection.
The servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secured environment, inside a secured and locked room.
All backups are stored and locked in a high-level security room.
Only personnel with proper security clearance have access to these restricted areas.
Tape backups are not permitted to leave the premises without prior authorisation.
All employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices.
Every quartre, as well as when new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded of the importance we place on privacy and of their role to ensure your information remains protected.
If you have any questions regarding  goldenet.
com.
au security practices, please send us an email at .
Special Offers.
Our special offers are sent only to customers who grant goldenet.
com.
au permission to do so.
To honour the privacy of our users, we offer the option not to receive these types of communications.
At the time of your order, you may opt not to receive special offers and news by clicking the appropriate field.
Furthermore, all special offers are sent via e-mail and have a "remove link" if you wish to be removed from our newsletter.
Otherwise, customers will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals or news.
Please see the Choice/Opt-out section below for further details on how to be removed from our mailing list.
Choice/Opt-out.
For customers who wish to stop receiving goldenet.
com.
au special offers and related news, goldenet.
com.
au provides several ways to do so.
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials cease communication by un-checking the "permission to send" field when processing their orders.
They may also send e-mails to with a request to be removed.
Finally, they may use the link provided in all goldenet.
com.
au communications to automatically unsubscribe.
Notification of Changes.
If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users via e-mail.
Users can choose to allow or decline goldenet.
com.
au to use their information in such a manner.
If you no longer receive information from goldenet.
com.
au, you can continue to view any policy changes at .
Sharing.
We may employ third party companies to perform functions on our behalf.
These functions may include order fulfillment, package delivery, marketing assistance, participation in rebate programs, postal and e-mail delivery, customer service, data analysis, and credit processing.
These third parties have limited access to your personal information.
Information Centre.
Return Policy.
How To Place an Order.
Privacy Policy.
GoldeNet Trust.
FAQ.
Shipping.
Ring Size.
Blog.
Sitemap.
Engagement Rings.
Diamonds.
Diamond Rings.
Jewellery.
Solitaire Diamond Rings.
Halo Engagement Rings.
