Go to.
Main Menu.
Content.
Footer.
About us                            About us                                            Renault Group is at the forefront of a mobility that is reinventing itself.
Strengthened by its alliance with Nissan and Mitsubishi Motors, and its unique expertise in electrification, Renault Group comprises 4 complementary brands – Renault, Dacia, Alpine and Mobilize – offering sustainable and innovative mobility solutions to its customers.
Discover the section About us                                                     Our Purpose                                                                                                    Businesses                                                                                                    Renault Fleet Customer Solutions                                                                                                    Motor sport                                                                                                    Heritage                                                                                                    Locations                                                                                                    Leadership                                                                                                    The Alliance                                                                                                    The Renault Foundation                                                                                                    The art collection                                                                                                    Strategic plan.
Renault Group is at the forefront of a mobility that is reinventing itself.
Strengthened by its alliance with Nissan and Mitsubishi Motors, and its unique expertise in electrification, Renault Group comprises 4 complementary brands – Renault, Dacia, Alpine and Mobilize – offering sustainable and innovative mobility solutions to its customers.
Our Purpose.
Businesses.
Renault Fleet Customer Solutions.
Motor sport.
Heritage.
Locations.
Leadership.
The Alliance.
The Renault Foundation.
The art collection.
Strategic plan.
Brands                            Brands                                        Discover the section Brands                                                     Renault                                                                                                    Dacia                                                                                                    Mobilize                                                                                                    Alpine.
Renault.
Dacia.
Mobilize.
Alpine.
Innovation                            Innovation                                            We are working on four major areas of innovation in order to develop the mobility of the future.
Learn more.
Discover the section Innovation                                                     Electric vehicle                                                                                                    Connected vehicle                                                                                                    Autonomous Vehicle                                                                                                    Mobility services                                                                                                    Open innovation                                                                                                    Industry 4.
0.
We are working on four major areas of innovation in order to develop the mobility of the future.
Learn more.
Electric vehicle.
Connected vehicle.
Autonomous Vehicle.
Mobility services.
Open innovation.
Industry 4.
0.
Commitments                            Commitments                                            Discover our sustainability strategy.
Discover the section Commitments                                                     Climate and Environment                                                                                                    Our sustainable development strategy                                                                                                    Personal data                                                                                                    Ethics.
Discover our sustainability strategy.
Climate and Environment.
Our sustainable development strategy.
Personal data.
Ethics.
Finance                            Finance                                            Review our publications, results and financial events.
Discover the section Finance                                                     Analysts & investors                                                                                                    Individual shareholders                                                                                                    Financial information                                                                                                    Annual general meeting                                                                                                    Governance                                                                                                    Regulated information.
Review our publications, results and financial events.
Analysts & investors.
Individual shareholders.
Financial information.
Annual general meeting.
Governance.
Regulated information.
Talent                            Talent                                            Want to join Renault Group.
Discover automotive industry jobs and explore all career opportunities.
Discover the section Talent                                                     Our international vacancies                                                                                                    Students and Graduates                                                                                                     Grow Renault Group                                                                                                    Our career areas                                                                                                    In their footsteps.
Want to join Renault Group.
Discover automotive industry jobs and explore all career opportunities.
Our international vacancies.
Students and Graduates.
Grow Renault Group.
Our career areas.
In their footsteps.
Media.
News                            News                                            Discover all news and stories of Renault Group and its brands.
Discover the section News                                                     Articles                                                                                                    Stories                                                                                                    In sync.
Discover all news and stories of Renault Group and its brands.
Articles.
Stories.
In sync.
Renault Group and your personal data.
Protecting your personal data is central to Renault’s values.
Compliance with regulations relating to personal data protection constitutes an opportunity to build trust between Renault Group and its stakeholders (shareholders, customers, suppliers, employee).
Since trust is a value which Renault Group particularly values, personal data protection is one of our ethical references in the conduct of our actions.
As such, Renault Group has launched a regulatory compliance program based on governance, procedures and tools dedicated to protecting everyone’s personal data.
As part of this program, Renault Group has.
Appointed a Group Data Protection Officer, who is responsible for enforcing the protection of your personal data throughout the Groupe.
established internal policies for the protection of personal data and built a training program for its employees.
implemented procedures in particular allowing you to exercise your rights over your personal data.
Using your personal data with transparency.
In the course of its activities, Renault Group collects, uses and stores some of your personal data, i.
e.
information that makes it possible to identify you.
Renault Group intends to ensure the greatest transparency in the processing it performs on the personal data you provide to it or on the personal data it collects through the various contacts you may have with it.
The Groupe's privacy policies aim to inform you of the conditions of use of your personal data by Renault Group, as well as the rights and options you have to control your data and protect your privacy.
Renault Group uses your personal data in particular to manage its relationship with you, improve its products and services, manage its research and development activities and organize its events.
More detailed information regarding the processing of your personal data (in particular the procedure to follow to exercise your rights) is provided to you at the time that your personal data is collected, on each of the Groupe's websites (Information on the protection of your personal data), mobile application or contractual documentation supplied to you.
For information relating to personal data that we automatically collect, such as IP address and cookies, a cookie policy is also available on each of Renault's websites or mobile applications.
The use of your personal data with respect to obligations.
Renault strives to comply with all applicable obligations relating to the protection of personal data.
As such, Renault Group ensures that each processing of personal data complies with the principles arising from the applicable regulations.
Renault Group undertakes to collect and process your personal data for explicit, legitimate and determined purposes in connection with its various activities (determined purpose).
Only the data strictly necessary to carry out the activity are collected (minimization).
Data is accurate, complete, and, when necessary, updated (data relevance).
A data retention policy is defined, and at the end of the retention periods, the data is deleted or anonymized (limited retention).
An activity creating a high risk for the rights and freedoms of individuals is subject of a prior impact study (data protection impact assessment).
Data protection is integrated "by design" (privacy by design) and "by default" with a high level of protection (privacy by default).
Data is secure and kept confidential (security).
Each processing is based on a legitimate basis provided by law (lawfulness).
Relations with our partners and service providers are under control and data transfers are supervised.
Safe use of your data.
Renault Group works to ensure that all your personal data is secure for the duration of its storage, in particular against any unauthorised use or disclosure.
To this end, Renault Group implements physical and logical security measures tailored to the sensitivity of the personal data and the processing carried out and which comply with professional best practices and the standards imposed on it.
If despite all the measures that we have put in place, you notice that your personal data has been exposed to a security incident, you can inform us at any time at this address.
We will then take the necessary measures to put an end to said incident.
Renault is also legally obliged to verify that your data is accurate, complete and updated as necessary.
Renault allows you to exercise your rights.
Renault Group makes every effort to guarantee you control your personal data.
The rights which you benefit from under the GDPR are as follows.
A right to object to the processing of your personal data, provided you have grounds connected with your particular situation, and the right to request the limitation of your personal data processing, in some cases as provided for in regulations.
A right to object to any commercial solicitation.
you can ask at any time not to receive our communications related to our offers, news and events.
This right may, in particular, be exercised via the unsubscribe link in each marketing email.
You can also object to profiling.
A right to withdraw your consent at any time, for the purposes for which we obtained your consent.
A right to information.
you have the right to obtain clear, transparent and understandable information about how we use your personal data and about your rights.
This policy is an example of this.
A right of access to your personal data.
you have the right to obtain information concerning the processing of your personal data (including the data that is used, for what purposes, etc.
) and a copy thereof.
A right of rectification.
you have the right to correct your data if it is inaccurate or incomplete, despite our efforts to keep it up to date, enabling us to comply with our obligation to have up-to-date data about you.
A right to the portability of your data, i.
e.
, under certain conditions, the right to receive the personal data you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used computerised format, and for it to be transmitted to a third party if technically possible.
A right to erasure (or right to be forgotten).
you have the right to have your data erased or deleted.
This right may be limited in light of our contractual or legal obligations (contract in progress) (prevention of legal action in particular).
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority in your country in order to file a complaint against the data protection and privacy practices of the Renault Group.
We encourage you to contact us prior to any claim, so that we may attempt to resolve your problem together.
If you wish to exercise these rights or if you have questions or complaints regarding the processing of your personal data, we invite you to contact us via the contact details mentioned in the information notices applicable in your country.
This policy may be updated.
You are therefore invited to review it regularly.
To keep up with Renault Group in real time.
History.
The art collection.
Brands.
All our websites.
Join us.
Learn about our career areas.
Group.
BWT Alpine F1 Team Events.
Dacia Events.
Mobilize Events.
Renault Events.
Renault Group Events.
Ask a question.
Reach regulation.
Real Drive Emissions cycles.
Cookies.
Personal data.
Legal infomation.
Credits.
Sitemap.
