Privacy Policy.
What Information Do We Collect About You.
When you sign-up for an account.
Profile Information.
Your email address, a password, first						name, and last name.
The time zone setting of your browser at the time of						sign-up.
Information about your use of this website including your						IP address.
Information needed for billing including.
The amount of						data, in bytes, flowing into and out of our platform, the number						of SMS texts, the number of emails, the number of transactions,						and the number of data streams.
When you edit your account profile.
Your password, email address, first name, and last name.
Optionally, your phone number and your cell phone number.
Your time zone.
Billing information.
Information required to process your monthly invoice with						a credit card including.
Your card number, expiration date, card						code, the address used for the card, and a phone number.
The shipping address is not required.
Organization Information.
The organization name.
The organization address (optional).
Device information and stream data.
Device information, configured by a user of our platform.
Unique device identifiers such as MAC address, IP address, the						outward facing gateway IP address, and settings of the device you						use to access the Services.
The time that the device last communicated with our						platform.
Device stream information, configured by a user of our						platform.
data uploaded into our platform from the device.
All						stream data is saved with a time stamp passed into our platform						or the time stamp can be optionally set by our						platform.
Device event notification data, configured by users of our platform, including.
Phone numbers for					SMS, and email addresses.
How we use that information.
Your profile information.
Email Address.
We use your email address as your unique identifier within our platform.
We also use it					for sending important notifications about the usage of of our service such as billing notifications and other issues.
You may configure device events to send notifications to your email address.
Phone Number.
We do not use your phone number.
It is optional and can be used, by you,					for device SMS notifications.
Credit Card information.
We do not store your credit card information or use it directly.
We use a 3rd party credit card processor.
More information below.
Email.
We use your email address if you choose to create a GroveStreams Forum profile.
More information below.
Device and Stream Data.
We do not use or process this data for our own use except for the gathering of metrics for billing purposes,					and to optimize it for storage (security and compaction).
Audit Trails and Diagnostics.
Some information may reside in logs that record usage of our Service (such as web server logs).
This information					is used for regulatory record keeping and troubleshooting.
Other information.
To register you or your devices for our Service.
To provide a Service or feature you request.
To provide customized content and provide personalized services based on your past activities on our Services.
To understand the way people use our Services so that we can improve them and develop new products and services.
To provide maintenance services for your account.
Otherwise with your consent.
To Whom do we Disclose Your Information.
Authorize.
net.
GroveStreams uses one of the largest providers of credit card-based processing services, 					Authorize.
Net, to manage and store sensitive billing information.
When you register a credit card with our service, we 					will direct you to an Authorize.
net secured web page where you will interact directly with their website and your sensitive data					will be directly stored in their system.
After your information is entered into their system, we will receive					a user identifier (a number).
We only store that identifier in our system and use it to process your invoice along with a 					secret Authorize.
net API key.
We use the Authorize.
net HTTP 					SSL API for communication from our servers to their servers.
Your information stored at Authorize.
Net will be removed when you delete your GroveStream					user profile.
Authorize.
net Privacy Statement.
Twillio.
We use Twillio for sending your device SMS event notifications to your phone.
We do this by passing the					notification information, which only includes the phone number and the body of the SMS you configured.
Communication with Twillio					is done over the Internet using Twillio's API, between our servers and their servers, using HTTPS and SSL.
Twillio Privacy Statement.
Amazon SES.
We use Amazon Simple Email Services to send emails from our service.
Emails can be from us or from your optionally configured					device email event notification.
When sending an email we pass the email addresses and the body of the email, using their Java library, which 					communicates from our servers to Amazon's servers via HTTPS SSL.
Amazon AWS Privacy Statement.
MapBox Maps.
We use MapBox Maps to display your device location.
We use their java script API library to display the 					device location on a map.
Only the device GPS location, name, and ID is passed to their API.
When a device/component					is being designed, by you, within our service, you can optionally use the map search field to enter an address to find the device's GPS location.
When you do this,					the information is passed to the Map Box servers to find the GPS location.
MapBox Privacy Statement.
Ninja Post.
We use a 3rd party forum website for our user forum.
We only pass your your email address and the current website session token					 when you choose to use the forum.
The forum user profile information and any other information you enter into the forum is 					 stored in their system.
Use of Cookies.
We will store your email address and password, encrypted, as a persistent browser cookie when you choose the "Remember Me" option					while signing in.
We use non-persistent browser secured cookies for other information such as your current authenticated session identifier, whether you're					 a "Guest" to an organization, your user name, id, and email address.
These cookies only remain for the life of the browser session and are not accessible by other applications.
Your Choices.
By signing up for our service.
You agree to receive email notifications from us, via Amazon AWS SES, in regards to your 					account.
You agree to allow information about your use of this website (including your						IP address) to be collected by us.
By configuring device SMS notifications.
You agree to receive SMS notifications from us, via Twillio.
Do not configure any device					SMS notifications if you do not wish to use this service.
By configuring device email notifications.
You agree to receive email notifications from us, via Amazon AWS SES.
Do not configure any device					email notifications if you do not wish to use this service.
By choosing a pricing plan that is not free and entering in your credit card information, you agree to us using Authorize.
net to process your invoice and make charges to your card.
Do not register a credit card if you do not wish to use this service.
By creating components and displaying their locations, you choose to use Microsoft Bing Maps to display your device location.
Do not enter valid GPS coordinates for your device if					you choose not to reveal its true location.
Device coordinates will default to 0 lat, 0 lon.
The phone numbers you enter into our system are only used for SMS notifications.
Do not enter					phone numbers if you do not use the SMS notification services.
They are optional.
We will use cookies if a user wishes to remain "Signed In".
Users can configure its browser to reject cookies, or to notify it when a cookie is set.
However, if you reject cookies, the Services may not operate properly.
Don't choose the "Remember Me" option while					signing-in if you do not want your email address and password saved as a browser cookie.
If you use our forum, you may receive emails from the forum as posts are made.
Users can configure the forum to not receive emails.
Don't create a forum profile if you do not want any					of your personal data to be stored there or do not want to receive emails from the forum.
What do we do to Keep Your Information						Secure.
We use appropriate security measures to protect the security of your 					personal information both online and offline.
These measures vary based 					on the sensitivity of the personal information we collect, process and 					store and the current state of technology.
We also take measures to ensure 					service providers that process personal data on our behalf also have 					appropriate security controls in place.
Please note that no service is completely secure.
While we strive to protect 					your data, we cannot guarantee that 					unauthorized access, hacking, data loss or a data breach will never occur.
All passwords are stored encrypted and are never unencrypted.
If a					password is lost a new password must be created as Grove Streams					does not have an external or internal API to recover a password so					as to prevent anyone from knowing another user's password.
If you provision an API Key, you should keep it secret.
You should store your 					API Key in a secure location.
You should only use your API key with HTTPS SSL communications.
You should not use a single API key for all devices, widgets, or dashboards in case it becomes					compromised.
Grove Streams employees cannot access your organization and view or edit stream data and dashboards through any 					user interface.
We will request that you add us to the list of organization users in order to assist					you with any trouble-shooting.
Data Retention.
We will retain Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill 					the purposes outlined in this policy unless a longer retention period is 					required or permitted by applicable law or regulation.
By default, stream data is retained for two years.
You may configure how long data is retained					by configuring the "Delete Profile" associated with every stream.
Component and Stream data is permanently removed when it is deleted.
Organization information, including components and streams, are permanently removed when the 					organization is deleted by you or by our system.
Your personal data, within your profile, is immediately deleted when you delete your profile.
Your personal data, residing within our forum, is retained until you delete your forum profile from within the forum.
Some information will be retained in audit and diagnostic logs per regulations.
Third-Party Links.
Do not Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms.
Data Ownership.
Grove Streams as a 3rd Party Data Processor.
Changes to our Policy.
