Haier.
Trending Searches.
Trending Searches.
About Haier.
About Haier.
Company Overview.
Haier History.
Awards & Honors.
Open Innovation.
Haier Global.
Company Overview.
Strategic Stages.
Corporate Culture.
Business Model Innovation.
Innovation Characteristics.
HOPE Platform.
Success Stories.
Innovation Practice.
Haier Global Network.
Haier Global Brands.
Haier Global News.
Haier Global Album.
Haier Ecosystem.
Haier Ecosystem.
Our Brands.
Practice in the Ecosystem.
Ecosystem Story.
Social Responsibility.
Social Responsibility.
Haier Project Hope.
Social Assistance.
Environmental Responsibility.
Report Download.
About Haier Project Hope.
Project Hope Milestones.
Haier Moments.
Social Assistance.
Investor Relations.
Investor Relations.
Haier Smart Home.
Haier Biomedical.
INKON Life.
Media Center.
Media Center.
News Release.
Media Kit.
Group Information.
Haier Global News.
Logos of Haier Brands.
Video Story.
Corporate Album.
Overseas Focus.
In order to effectively protect the privacy of users and optimize the user experience, Haier ("Haier" or "we") has formulated this Haier privacy policy in accordance with current regulations and policies.
Haier understands the importance of personal information to customers, and we strive to clearly clarify our policies and measures for obtaining, managing and protecting users' personal information.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following.
I.
Information we collect (regardless of whether it is personal information).
II.
Use of Cookies, web beacons and similar technologies.
III.
How we use information.
IV.
How we share information.
V.
How we transfer information.
VI.
How we disclose information publicly.
VII.
General retention period.
VIII.
How we protect your information.
IX.
What you can do.
X.
How we handle personal information of minors.
XI.
Where we store your personal information.
XII.
Where this privacy policy is not applicable.
XIII.
How this privacy policy is updated.
XIV.
Contact us.
This privacy policy is applicable to Haier devices, websites or applications (collectively referred to as our "services") that refer to or link to this privacy policy, including without limitation, Haier’s official website (haier.
com), Haier e-mall (ehaier.
com), the Haier Smart Home App, Haier IoT household appliances and other devices, websites and software clients.
Although this privacy policy is applicable to all these services, we have also set out certain supplementary provisions on privacy for specific services, which contain additional information about our information processing practices.
When using relevant services, you shall abide by such supplementary provisions.
When we conduct other data collection and processing activities, we will separately seek your consent.
Haier fully understands the importance to you of personal information and will do our utmost to protect the security and reliability of your personal information.
We are committed to maintaining your trust in us, and abide by the following principles to protect your personal information.
integration of power and responsibility, definite purpose, optional consent, minimum required, ensuring security, subject participation, and openness and transparency.
Meanwhile, Haier promises that we will take security measures to protect your personal information according to the established security standards in the industry.
Please be sure to read this privacy policy carefully, especially the terms as to exclusion/limitation of liability (marked in bold underline), because by using our services, you consent to the practices described in the privacy policy and supplementary provisions.
If you do not consent to the practices described in this privacy policy, please do not use our services.
I.
Information we collect (regardless of whether it is personal information).
In order to provide you with our services, we may ask you to provide necessary personal information.
If you do not provide it as requested, we may not be able to provide you with our products or services.
“Personal Information” refers to all kinds of information recorded by electronic or other means that can identify the identity or reflect the activities of a specific natural person, either alone or in combination with other information.
Information you provide directly.
some services will request you to provide us with information directly, such as membership registration, purchase, delivery and installation services.
(1) Member registration.
the information you fill in and / or submit when you register for membership of Haier and use relevant services provided by Haier, including your name, gender, date of birth, ID card number, telephone number, e-mail address, address, profile photo, nickname, etc.
(such as your province and city, postal code, etc.
).
(2)  Purchase, delivery and installation services.
we may request your name, contact information, delivery address and billing address, and credit card information in order to process your order.
When you use certain services, you may also need to provide us with other information, such as the number of people in your household, food preferences, etc.
If sensitive personal information is involved, such as voice print, fingerprint, facial recognition features, health and physiological information, we will give special prompts before collection, and provide alternative options where feasible, for example, if you refuse to use the facial recognition function to identify you, we will allow you to choose to use password verification, certificate verification and other methods where possible.
Special reminder for sensitive personal information.
some special personal information may be considered as sensitive personal information, such as your personal identity information, account information, behavior information, biometric information and network identification information, contact information.
Before providing such sensitive personal information, you need to consider carefully to ensure accuracy.
Haier hereby obtains your consent that such sensitive personal information will be processed for the purposes and in the manner as set forth in this privacy policy.
If you do not provide such information or provide incorrect information, it may prevent us from providing services or affect the accuracy of the provision of our services.
Information from the device.
we may also collect information about your use of our services, such as device information, log information, location information, etc.
, through the software in your device and other methods.
(1)      Device information.
When you download or use Haier’s client software, or visit webpages to use Haier services, Haier may read information related to your mobile device, including but not limited to hardware model, IMEI number and other unique device identifiers, MAC Address, IP address, operating system version, and settings of the device used to access the services.
read the usage of Haier IoT appliances you use, including but not limited to device model, device operating status, frequency of device use, and the usage of the device that may be captured by the built-in camera in some devices etc.
(2)      Log information.
When you use Haier services or visit Haier's websites, Haier automatically receives and records the information on your browser and computer, including but not limited to (1) your IP address, browser type, language used, date and time of visit, software and hardware feature information and records of webpages that you request.
(2) log information of your IoT devices.
(3)      Location information (only applicable to specific services / functions).
when you download or use Haier client software or visit webpages and use certain Haier services, Haier may read various items of information related to your location, such as GPS signals of the device or information about nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers, country code, city code, mobile network code, cell ID, latitude and longitude information, and language settings, which may be transmitted to us when you use certain services .
(4)      Usage information.
When you use certain Haier services, the Haier device connected to the Haier client software will upload measurement data or other usage information, such as.
health data measured by body fat scale, skin meter, health keeper, blood glucose meter, urine tester and other devices, food storage information or photos.
Third-party source information.
we may collect your information from third-party partners, such as our resellers, third-party social network services you choose to connect to, etc.
Other information we collect.
in addition to the above information, we may also collect other information, such as the questionnaire response you send to us when you participate in a survey, and relevant information we collect during your participation in the user experience program or your interaction with us and with Haier partners.
At the time of collection, we will explain to you the specific contents to be collected and the collection method, and we obtain your consent.
When we want to use the information for any purpose other than the specific purpose for which it was originally collected, we will seek your prior consent.
You can choose not to provide certain types of information, such as location information, health data measured by Haier devices, but this may affect your ability to use certain services.
For example, if necessary, you can cancel the connection between each connected device and the internet individually through the APP, the device itself (applicable to some devices) or by restoring factory settings, so as not to transmit the usage information and log information of Haier IoT appliances to the Haier server.
However, this may result in that (1) you will not be able to use certain functions of the APP.
and/or (2) you can only operate the appliance through the appliance itself, and no longer through the APP.
For another example, you can choose not to transmit your location information to the Haier server by disabling the location information reading permission of the APP on your mobile phone, or in some cases, you can choose to store information locally instead of uploading it.
However, this will prevent you from using some functions of the APP.
II.
Use of Cookies, web beacons and similar technologies.
Cookie technology.
when you visit Haier-related websites or use services provided by Haier, we may identify you through small data files, so as to help you avoid the steps of repeatedly entering registration information, or help determine the security of your account.
These data files may be Cookies, Flash Cookies, or other local storage provided by your browser or associated applications (collectively, "Cookies").
Cookies are small files that store information on computers, TVs, mobile phones, or other devices.
An entity that places Cookies on your device can use Cookies to identify you in different websites, services, devices, and / or browsing sessions.
There are a lot of things that Cookies can do.
For example.
Cookies can remember your login credentials, so you don’t have to enter them every time you log in to the Service.
Cookies give us and third parties an idea of which parts of our services are most popular, because they help us see which pages and functions visitors visit and how long they spend on those pages.
With this information, we can improve our services more effectively and provide you with a better experience.
Cookies tell us and third parties which advertisements you have watched, so that you will not receive the same advertisements every time you visit the Service.
By collecting information about your use of our services as well as other websites and applications, Cookies help us and third parties provide you with relevant contents and advertisements.
If you use a web browser to access services, you may configure your browser to accept all Cookies, reject all Cookies, or notify you when Cookies are sent.
Each browser is different, so please check your browser's "Help" menu to learn how to change your Cookie preferences.
The operating system of your device may contain other Cookie controls.
Please understand that some of our services can only be realized by using "Cookies".
If allowed by your browser or add-on services thereof, you may modify the acceptance level of Cookies or reject Haier's Cookies according to your preferences.
You can remove all Cookies saved on your computer.
Most web browsers have the function of blocking Cookies.
Please refer to the “Help” of your browser for how to modify or remove Cookies.
However, this may affect your safe access to Haier-related websites and use of Haier services in certain circumstances.
Web beacons and pixel tags.
Besides Cookies, we will also use other similar technologies such as web beacons and pixel tags on websites.
For example, webpages often contain some electronic images (called "single pixel" GIF files or "web beacons"), which can help websites calculate the users browsing the webpages or access some Cookies.
We will collect information about your browsing activities through web beacons, such as the address of pages you visit, the address of cited pages you visited previously, how long you stayed on the pages, your browsing environment and display settings.
As another example, the emails we send you may contain a clickable URL that links to the content of our websites.
If you click on the link, we will track this click to help us understand your product and service preferences and improve our customer service.
A web beacon is usually a transparent image embedded in a website or email.
With the help of pixel tags in an email, we can find whether the email is opened or not.
If you do not want your activities to be tracked in this way, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time.
Mobile analysis software.
In some APPs, we use mobile analysis software, such as U-App Data Statistics SDK and Haier Behavior Statistics SDK, to better understand the functioning of our APPs on your mobile phone.
This software may record the following information, such as how often you use the application, events that occurred within the application, cumulative usage, performance data, and where an application crash occurred.
We will not link the information stored in the analysis software to any personal information you submit in the APP.
III.
How we use information.
The purpose of collecting personal information is to provide you with products and/or services, and to ensure that we comply with applicable laws.
You hereby consent to our processing personal information for the purposes set forth herein, and the disclosure of personal information to us and third-party service providers.
We may use the personal information collected about you for the following purposes.
To create your Haier account.
To establish the user's personal Haier account and profile page by using the personal information collected during the creation of a Haier account through websites or mobile devices.
To process your orders.
Information related to e-commerce orders may be used to process purchase orders and relevant after-sale services, including customer support and re-delivery.
Besides, order numbers will be used to cross-check the delivery partner's orders and the actual delivery of packages.
Recipient information will be used for delivery, including name, address, phone number and zip code.
Email addresses are used to send package tracking information to users.
The list of purchased items is used to print the invoice and allows the customer to identify the items in the package.
To enable you to activate, control and use the device.
In order to control some of your Haier devices, you need to log into the account through the APP, and normally complete the network set-up and binding processes.
After completing these processes, you can control the device remotely or in a LAN through the APP.
Some Haier devices need to be activated before they can be used.
The activation process requires the use of relevant device information, including.
MAC address, machine code, TYPEID, Wi-Fi password, etc.
If activation fails, we may read relevant device information and log information to evaluate the cause of the activation failure.
At the same time, you may need to use information such as user name / password to control your connected devices.
To enable you to find your devices.
Haier may provide the "Find Device" function in some services, which can help you find and protect your device after it is lost or stolen.
You can use the location information provided by the relevant APP or website to locate your device on the map, clear the contents in the device, or lock the device.
We may collect location information directly from your mobile devices.
in some cases, we will collect this information through cell towers or Wi-Fi hotspots.
To provide location-based services.
When using some Haier services, we or third-party service providers may use location information to provide you with the correct version of the services and accurate location, so as to offer you the best possible user experience.
For example, by reading your location, we can figure out the warehouse nearest to you and estimate the delivery time, or by reading your location information, we can estimate your distance from home so as to remind you to turn on certain Haier devices in advance of when you are going home and to turn some off when you leave home.
You can disable this function at any time in device settings or by stopping using the application.
To allow you to use third-party functions.
Some functions of our products are operated by third-party service providers.
Therefore, we need to share your information with such third parties to enable you to experience the full functions.
For example, when you use our services to search for recipes, audio, video, food encyclopedia, weather, road conditions, etc.
, we need to pass your search requests to a third-party service provider.
To make automatic decisions based on your information.
In some business scenarios, we may make decisions based only on non-manual automatic decision-making mechanisms, such as information systems, algorithms, etc.
If these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to request an explanation from us, and we will provide appropriate remedies, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
To collect users’ feedback.
The feedback you choose to provide is extremely valuable in helping Haier improve our services.
In order to track the feedback that you choose to provide, Haier may use the personal information you have provided to contact you and keep records.
To evaluate and analyze markets, customers, products and services (including asking for your opinions about our products and services, and conducting customer surveys) to improve the user experience.
We may combine personal information collected from one service with that from another to improve services and develop new products and services.
We may use data from certain opt-in functions, such as the user experience program, to analyze how users use devices and Haier services to improve the user experience.
To provide you with interactive community services.
You can join Haier's user community and communicate with other users in the community.
Your profile photo, nickname and other personal information will be displayed on the forum pages.
To send notifications.
We may use your personal information to send important notifications from time to time, such as logistics information for purchased items, and changes in our terms, conditions and policies.
To administer sales promotions such as a lucky draw.
If you participate in a lucky draw, competition or any similar promotional event, we will use the information provided by you to administer such events.
If you win a prize, your mobile phone number or nickname may be desensitized before being put into the winning list and announced.
If it is a joint promotion conducted by us and a third party, we may share the personal information (number of users participating in the event, list of winners, contact details of winners) that are generated during the event and necessary for the completion of the event, so as to allow the third party to deliver prizes or services to you in a timely manner.
For direct marketing.
We may use your name, telephone number, email address and Haier account number to provide you with promotional materials related to products and services of Haier and its partners.
In order to provide a better user experience, we will recommend the above products, services and activities based on your purchase history, website browsing history, birthday, age, gender and geographic location.
If you no longer want to receive certain types of emails or marketing text messages, you can unsubscribe as prompted.
Without your prior consent, we will not transfer your personal information to our business partners for direct marketing.
To provide other Haier services.
Please note that the above uses cover the main ways Haier uses personal information.
Haier may update webpages, APP versions or device firmware from time to time, to provide users with more diversified services.
When we want to use your information for any purpose other than those specified herein or use the information for any purpose other than the specific purpose for which it was originally collected, we will seek your consent again in the form of a confirmation agreement or specific confirmation or by updating this privacy agreement.
IV.
How we share information.
Without your consent, we will not share your information with any third party other than Haier.
However, we may share your information with the following third parties.
Our affiliates.
In order to help us provide services to you based on the unified account system of the Haier platform, recommend information that may be of interest to you, or protect the personal safety of Haier or other users or the public and their property, your personal information may be shared between Haier's affiliates.
We will only share personal information to the necessary extent.
For example, in order to facilitate your use of the products or services of our affiliates through the Haier account, we will share necessary information about your account with our affiliates.
If we share your personal sensitive information, or the affiliates change the uses and processing purposes of personal information, we will seek your authorization and consent again.
Authorized partners.
We may share your information with trusted authorized partners.
We may share your account information, device information and location information with authorized partners to ensure the smooth completion of the services provided to you.
However, we will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes, and will only share personal information necessary to provide services.
Our partners have no right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose.
Currently, our authorized partners include the following types.
(1) Authorized partners for advertising and analysis services.
(2) Suppliers, service providers and other partners.
Our suppliers and service providers include institutions that provide technical services, telecommunications services, customer services, risk control services, audit services, legal services, financial institutions, e-commerce companies and platforms, offline stores, etc.
We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations and individuals with whom we share personal information, and will properly require them to handle personal information in accordance with our instructions, this privacy policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
With respect to the use of sensitive personal data, we require third parties to adopt encryption technology to better protect user data.
Once any such third party is found to have breached a relevant agreement, we will take effective measures, up to termination of cooperation.
Uses that are reasonably necessary to comply with the compulsory requirements of laws and regulations, court orders or requirements of government authorities, to safeguard the public interest, or to protect the personal and property safety or legal rights and interests of our customers, Haier, or Haier employees.
Other parties that have separately obtained your consent.
In addition to the sharing scenarios described herein, we may also share your information with third parties when you agree to share or request for sharing.
V.
How we transfer information.
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except.
With your explicit consent.
In the case of merger, acquisition or insolvency liquidation, if the transfer of personal information is involved, we will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy.
otherwise, we will require the company or organization to seek your authorization and consent again.
VI.
How we disclose information publicly.
We will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances.
With your explicit consent.
Disclosure based on law.
we will publicly disclose your personal information based on compulsory requirements of laws and regulations, court orders, or requirements of government authorities.
VII.
General retention period.
Unless otherwise expressly provided by law or with your permission, we will only retain your personal information for the period required for the purposes stated herein.
In order to maintain the continuity of services and the consistency of user experience, personal information is usually not deleted immediately after the completion of a single item of service.
For example, Haier will save the delivery address in the user's historical order until the user chooses to delete it in the user settings, so as to allow the user to select the delivery address more quickly on the next purchase.
VIII.
How we protect your information.
We have industry-standard security measures in place to protect the personal information you provide from unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, alteration, destruction or loss.
We will take all reasonably practicable measures to protect your personal information.
For example, the exchange of data (such as credit card information) between your browser and the "service" is protected by SSL encryption.
we also provide https secure browsing for some websites.
we will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data.
we use the md5 salting mechanism to hash and save user passwords.
we will use a trusted protection mechanism to prevent data from being attacked maliciously.
we will deploy an access control mechanism to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to personal information.
we will conduct training courses on security and personal information protection to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
To ensure your information security, we strive to take various reasonable physical, electronic and management security measures to protect your information from leakage, destruction or loss, including but not limited to SSL, encrypted storage of information, access control of data centers.
We have also adopted strict management of employees or outsourced personnel who may have access to your information, including but not limited to adopting different access controls according to different positions, signing confidentiality agreements with them, and monitoring their operations.
Haier will provide corresponding security measures according to the existing technology to protect your information and provide reasonable guarantee for information security.
Haier will try its best to prevent your information from leakage, destruction or loss.
We have obtained different certifications in a variety of products and services, such as EAL3 +, ISO27001 certifications.
The Internet environment is not 100% secure, and we will make every effort to ensure or guarantee the security of any information you send to us.
If our physical, technical, or management protection facilities are compromised, leading to unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of your information, and harming your legitimate rights and interests, we will bear corresponding legal liabilities.
In the event of any personal information security incident, we will, in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, inform you in a timely manner of the basic information and possible impact of the security incident, measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to prevent and reduce risks independently, and remedial measures for you, etc.
We will keep you updated on the incident.
Your account has security protection functions, please keep your account and password information safe.
Meanwhile, in order to protect your information security, please make sure to log out of your account and delete the matching website or APP before permanently selling or transferring the right to use of your device to a third party to ensure that your device is no longer (re)matched to your account.
If you are selling a device (such as a household appliance), you should reset the device and restore factory settings.
In this way, your device and account will no longer be associated.
If you have purchased a second-hand device, please check the account settings in the App or of the device manufacturer to ensure that no unknown users are associated with your household appliances.
If you still have any doubts, you can choose to restore factory settings.
Haier will take security measures such as backup and encryption of user passwords to ensure that your information will not be lost, abused or altered.
Despite the aforementioned security measures, please also understand that there is no "perfect security measure" on an information network.
Haier will not be responsible for any security breach caused by a third party's access to your personal information due to your failure to maintain the privacy of your personal information.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you shall notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account by any other user or any other security breach.
Your assistance will help us protect the privacy of your personal information.
IX.
What you can do.
To access your personal information.
You have the right to access your personal information.
If you want to exercise the data access right, you can access information by yourself in the following ways.
(1) Account information.
if you wish to access or edit the personal information and payment information in your account, change your password, add security information or close your account, etc.
, you can log in to your account and access the settings page to perform such operations.
(2) Other personal information.
We will provide other personal information generated during your use of our products or services to you, as long as it does not involve much investment on our part.
Please contact us using the contact information stated in Section 14.
To correct your personal information.
If you find any error in the personal information we process about you, you have the right to correct it by yourself or request us to make the correction.
For account information, you can log in to your account and access the settings page to perform such operations.
For other personal information, please contact us with the contact information stated in Section 14.
To delete your personal information.
You may request us to delete your personal information under the following circumstances.
(1)    if our processing of personal information violates laws and regulations.
(2)    If we collect and use your personal information without your consent.
(3)    if our processing of personal information breaches our agreement with you.
(4)    If you cancel your account.
(5)    If we cease to offer you products and services.
When you delete information from our services, we may not delete the corresponding information from the backup system immediately, but will do so when the backup is updated.
To change the scope of your authorization and consent.
You can revoke your permission authorizing us to collect, use and/or disclose your personal information that we hold or control by submitting a request.
You may contact us with the contact information stated in Section 14 to perform relevant operations.
We will process your request within a reasonable time after you make the request, and will no longer collect, use and/or disclose your personal information thereafter as requested.
Please note that since each business scenario requires some basic personal information to complete, your revocation of consent may result in the unavailability of some Haier services.
After the withdrawal of your consent, we will no longer process corresponding personal information.
However, your decision to withdraw your consent will not affect the previous processing of personal information based on your authorization.
To cancel your account.
You can submit a request to apply for cancellation of your Haier account.
We will not set unreasonable conditions to prevent you from canceling your account.
However, if the cancellation of the account will affect the legitimate rights and interests of you or others, such as goods yet to be received and services paid but not expired, we will make a judgement based on your use of Haier services and inform you whether we support your cancellation request.
Canceling your account will affect your normal use of all relevant applications and services.
We hereby sincerely remind you that your cancellation of account will cause much inconvenience to your subsequent use of Haier services, and after you cancel your Haier account, we will stop providing services to you, while your personal information will remain irretrievable or inaccessible, or will be anonymized, unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations.
If you have been using the quick login function through a third-party account, you will need to contact the third party to handle the cancellation of the account.
If you make a deliberate decision to abandon your account and meet all the cancellation criteria, you may contact us with the contact information stated in Section 14 to perform relevant operations.
Once canceled, the Haier account cannot be restored.
Please back up all information and data related to the Haier account before proceeding.
Haier is not responsible for any adverse effect caused to you by your application for account cancellation.
We generally provide access, correction, update, and deletion services for free, but we reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee for your data access request.
X.
How we handle personal information of minors.
Our products, websites and services are mainly for adults.
If we collect personal information about minors with the consent of their parents or legal guardians, we will only use or publicly disclose such information collected by us lawfully to the extent permitted by law, explicitly consented to by their parents or guardians or necessary for the protection of minors.
If we find that we have collected personal information about a minor without verifiable prior consent from the parents or guardians, we will try to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.
If parents or guardians have reason to believe that a minor has submitted personal information to Haier without their prior consent, please contact us to ensure that such personal information is deleted, and that the minor is unsubscribed from any applicable Haier service.
XI.
Where we store your personal information.
Personal information collected and generated by us in the People's Republic of China will be stored in the People's Republic of China.
XII.
Where this privacy policy is not applicable.
Our privacy policy is not applicable to products and services provided by third parties, Haier products and services may include third-party products and services as well as links to third-party websites.
When you use these products or services, your information may also be collected.
Therefore, we strongly recommend that you take the time to read the privacy policy of such third parties just as you read ours.
We are not responsible for how third parties use the personal information they collect from you, nor can we control their use thereof.
Our privacy policy is not applicable to other sites linked through our services.
When you use these specific products (for illustration only, not an exhaustive list), the following third-party terms and privacy policies apply.
Payment.
when you use Alipay, WeChat payment or other third-party payment services to complete and pay an order, you agree that the privacy policy of the third-party payment service provider would apply to the information you provide on its website.
Social media (features).
our website contains some social media features, such as the "Share" button.
Social media features are provided by third parties, and your interaction with these features is subject to the privacy policies of such third-party products.
Quick login.
you can use a third-party account (such as WeChat, QQ, Taobao, Jingdong, etc.
) to log in to our website or applications.
These services will verify your identity and allow you to choose whether to share certain personal information (such as your name and email address) with us to pre-fill our user registration form or bind your existing Haier account.
The third-party accounts you use are subject to the privacy policies of such third parties.
Using third-party features.
you may use third-party services through the application end provided by Haier, such as opening, accessing, browsing, retrieving or registering to log in to video websites, music applications, map applications, weather query applications, etc.
When using third-party features, you may need to comply with the terms of service and privacy policy of the third party.
XIII.
How this privacy policy is updated.
Our privacy policy is subject to change.
Without your explicit consent, we will not diminish the rights you are entitled to hereunder.
We will post any change made to this privacy policy on this page.
For major changes, we will also provide more conspicuous notifications (including for certain services, we will send email notifications of specific changes to our privacy policy).
The major changes referred to herein include but are not limited to.
Major changes in our service pattern, such as purposes of processing personal information, types of personal information processed, uses of personal information, etc.
Major changes in our ownership structure, such as changes in ownership caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers, etc.
Major changes in the main recipients of public disclosure of personal information.
Major changes in your rights to participate in the processing of personal information and the way of exercising them.
Changes in our department responsible for handling personal information security, contact information and complaint channels.
When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates there is a high risk.
XIV.
Contact us.
Contact information.
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this privacy policy, please contact our department dealing with personal information protection in the following ways.
Email.
.
Mailing address.
User Data Center, 8F, Haier Brand Center, Haier Industrial Park, No.
1 Haier Road, Qingdao, Shandong Province.
Response to your request.
For security reasons, you may need to provide a written request to prove your identity.
or to do it in other ways.
Generally, we will respond within 30 days.
If you are dissatisfied with our response, especially if our personal information processing behavior has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you can also file a complaint or report to relevant regulatory authorities, such as those in charge of network information, telecommunications, public security, and industry and commerce.
We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request.
We will respond within 30 days.
If you are not satisfied, you can also contact us to lodge a complaint through the contact information stated in this section.
For reasonable requests, we do not charge fees in principle, but for repeated requests beyond reasonable limits, we will charge a certain amount of cost as appropriate.
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require excessive technical means (e.
g.
, requiring the development of new systems or radical change of existing practices), pose a risk to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are highly impractical (e.
g.
, involving information stored on backup tapes).
According to laws and regulations, we cannot respond to your request if.
(1)    It is related to national security or national defense security, or violates the compulsory requirements of government departments.
(2)    It is related to public security, public health and major public interests.
(3)    It is related to a criminal investigation, prosecution or trial.
(4)    There is sufficient evidence of your subjective malice or abuse of rights.
(5)    Responding to your request will cause serious harm to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals and organizations.
(6) Trade secrets are involved.
Reminder.
due to differences in legal and regulatory requirements between different countries and jurisdictions, when using our service in other jurisdictions, you may find your local language version of the privacy policy different from this privacy policy, please refer to your local version.
For matters related to this privacy policy or the use of your personal information, please contact us with the contact information stated on the legal notice page specific to your location.
Updated on.
June 10, 2020.
Copyright ©Haier Group     All rights reserved.
About Haier.
Company Overview.
Haier History.
Open Innovation.
Awards & Honors.
Haier Global.
Media Center.
News Release.
Media Kit.
*问题分类请选择正确的分类以便您得到快速回复手机，平板等个人产品及相关业务企业商用产品及相关业务运营商网络产品及相关业务招聘咨询新闻媒体相关业务网站相关问题或建议 请选择问题分类.
*Name Please put your name.
公司名称 请填写公司名称.
*邮箱 请填写邮箱.
电话 请填写电话.
*描述请在这里输入您的需求.
请填写描述.
*Verfication CodeRefresh  请输入验证码.
发送.
扫描二维码立即分享.
