Return to office.
SolutionsThingsee IoT device solution      Transform your building into the digital world with Thingsee IoT device solution.
Get IoT connectivity, connected device ecosystem, IoT device management and edge applications management separately or as a solution.
Empathic Building for smart office      Haltian Empathic Building for smart office solution focuses on improving employee well-being and happiness.
A complete and end-to-end smart office solution that combines technology, culture and physical space into one.
More from IoT solutionsEmpathic Building for smart hospitalSmart Office Quote RequestSign up for a demoThingsee IoT devices pricing.
Thingsee IoT device solution.
Transform your building into the digital world with Thingsee IoT device solution.
Get IoT connectivity, connected device ecosystem, IoT device management and edge applications management separately or as a solution.
Empathic Building for smart office.
Haltian Empathic Building for smart office solution focuses on improving employee well-being and happiness.
A complete and end-to-end smart office solution that combines technology, culture and physical space into one.
More from IoT solutions.
Empathic Building for smart hospital.
Empathic Building for smart hospital.
Smart Office Quote Request.
Smart Office Quote Request.
Sign up for a demo.
Sign up for a demo.
Thingsee IoT devices pricing.
Thingsee IoT devices pricing.
IoT DevicesIoT devices' use cases.
Environmental monitoringFill rate monitoringAll devices and gatewaysIoT devices' use cases.
Visitor countingOccupancy monitoringIndoor air quality monitoringThingsee IoT devices pricingThingsee ENTERPRISE IoT starter package.
IoT devices' use cases.
Environmental monitoring.
Environmental monitoring.
Fill rate monitoring.
Fill rate monitoring.
All devices and gateways.
All devices and gateways.
IoT devices' use cases.
Visitor counting.
Visitor counting.
Occupancy monitoring.
Occupancy monitoring.
Indoor air quality monitoring.
Indoor air quality monitoring.
Thingsee IoT devices pricing.
Thingsee ENTERPRISE IoT starter package.
ServicesNew product development      We do more than engineering.
Get 20+ years of engineering, product design and development experience into your team.
We're experts in wireless products with extreme miniaturization and low power consumption.
Custom IoT      Fast, affordable, and flexible IoT solution based on Haltian's existent Thingsee IoT ecosystem.
With Haltian, you’ll get a world-class product development team, and a hosted IoT platform and ecosystem as a service.
More from Haltian services.
Hardware design servicesWireless designWorkshop for SME’sConcept study calculator.
New product development.
We do more than engineering.
Get 20+ years of engineering, product design and development experience into your team.
We're experts in wireless products with extreme miniaturization and low power consumption.
Custom IoT.
Fast, affordable, and flexible IoT solution based on Haltian's existent Thingsee IoT ecosystem.
With Haltian, you’ll get a world-class product development team, and a hosted IoT platform and ecosystem as a service.
More from Haltian services.
Hardware design services.
Hardware design services.
Wireless design.
Wireless design.
Workshop for SME’s.
Workshop for SME’s.
Concept study calculator.
Concept study calculator.
HaltianMore from HaltianAbout HaltianMeet our talentsCareersHaltian SupportResources      Find all of Haltian's resources, including articles, whitepapers, podcasts, webinars and videos.
All of these can be filtered by type and topic such as service or IoT solution.
Start with our Top-3 featured suggestions for any of your selection.
References      We aim high with our customers and we are proud of our their success.
Read Haltian customer references and case studies.
Get to know their challenges, the proposed solutions we came with, and the benefits and results achieved.
More from Haltian.
About Haltian.
About Haltian.
Meet our talents.
Meet our talents.
Careers.
Careers.
Haltian Support.
Haltian Support.
Resources.
Find all of Haltian's resources, including articles, whitepapers, podcasts, webinars and videos.
All of these can be filtered by type and topic such as service or IoT solution.
Start with our Top-3 featured suggestions for any of your selection.
References.
We aim high with our customers and we are proud of our their success.
Read Haltian customer references and case studies.
Get to know their challenges, the proposed solutions we came with, and the benefits and results achieved.
Contact us.
Privacy Policy.
Updated May 15th 2018.
Controller and control information.
Haltian OyYrttipellontie 1D90230 .
Contact person.
Jyrki .
Name of personal data file.
Haltian Customer and Marketing Data Register.
Why do we collect and store the data.
We store the data in order to create, maintain and develop our customer relations, to market our products and services and to gain better understanding about the needs of our present and potential customers and business partners, whether they are in cooperation with Haltian Oy or any of its subsidiaries.
We also store personal data to fulfil business relations, such as invoicing or contractual matters.
What information is stored.
The data register may contain personal information such as first and last names, phone numbers and email addresses.
We may also store your employers name, address and other contact information as well as details about your position in your company.
Among the information stored may also be summaries of our conversations and meetings with you together with the relevant dates and times.
Sources of data.
We gather the data directly from you during personal meetings, phone calls and email conversations or any similar encounters.
We may also store data gathered from the internet.
such as business web site and social media services.
We may also collect the data using contact forms or forms for downloading additional material on our websites and using internet cookies or similar techniques.
We may store your data with the help of the following services/systems.
CRM system(s).
Survey tool(s).
Mailing list service(s).
Marketing and sales tool(s).
Chat tool(s).
These services/systems may be run internally on our servers or hosted by 3rd party service providers, also called data processors.
We do collect anonymous usage data with the help of following services.
Google Analytics.
Facebook pixel.
Who has access to your data and how data may be distributed.
A limited number of our staff have access to your data.
All staff having access to such data are bound by confidentiality obligations.
3rd party services that work as data processors are processing the data according to the GDPR rules and following the principles set by the controller-processor contract.
Your data is not shared to any other internal or external personnel or parties without your permission.
Please note that there can be exceptions based on your country due to local laws or authorities and that we may be obligated to disclose your data to authorities or third parties pursuant to applicable law or an order of a regulatory or statutory authority.
We may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of our assets, including your personal data, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.
Where is your data hosted.
We host your data on a cloud based customer relationship management service primarily in the European Union.
The cloud service may replicate the data to servers outside the European Union.
In these cases the required means, defined by the applicable data protection laws and regulations including the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679, are carried out to protect the data.
What are the security methods to protect your data.
We undertake to use, and to have our business partners and service providers use, commercially reasonable measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
Only the personnel with work related needs have access to your data.
The office premises have controlled access.
What are your rights.
Right to review.
You have a right to review your personal data collected to our register.
Right to prohibition.
You have a right to prohibit the use of your personal data for direct advertising, remote sale or other direct marketing as well as for marketing and attitude surveys.
Right to correct incorrect data.
If the data registered about you is incorrect, you have the right to correct the information.
Right to be forgotten.
You have a right to request for us to erase all your personal data from all our systems unless it is needed for completing legal or contractual obligations.
Written request to execute any of these rights, shall be submitted to .
Changes to this privacy policy.
We may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, therefore you should review our website periodically for the up-to-date version.
When we change the Privacy Policy, we will update the ‘updated’ date at the top of this page.
Stay updated about latest trends in IoT.
Webinars, news and links to most interesting white papers from the industry in our monthly newsletter.
About HaltianHaltian ResearchLeadership teamPartners.
Haltian Research.
Leadership team.
Partners.
Haltian SupportPress releasesEventsNews.
Press releases.
Events.
News.
ServicesProduct DevelopmentCustom IoT ServiceWorkshop for SME's.
Product Development.
Custom IoT Service.
Workshop for SME's.
SolutionsReturn to officeDigital WorkplaceThingsee IoT device.
Return to office.
Digital Workplace.
Thingsee IoT device.
General inquiry.
10 322 3400.
© Haltian.
Cookies.
Privacy Policy.
This website uses cookies.
Privacy Overview.
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly.
This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website.
These cookies do not store any personal information.
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website.
These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns.
These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Preference cookies are used to store user preferences to provide content that is customized and convenient for the users, like the language of the website or the location of the visitor.
Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
No description.
