To menu.
To content.
To footer.
Hermes.
com.
contact.
FAQ.
Language selectorEN ENFRFREN.
EN.
FR.
FR.
EN.
GroupGroupAn artisanal model based on creativity, the perpetuation of know-how and an omnichannel distribution network of unique “houses of objects”.
Hermès, contemporary artisans since 1837Six generations of artisansHermès around the worldJoin HermèsThe Hermès Foundation.
An artisanal model based on creativity, the perpetuation of know-how and an omnichannel distribution network of unique “houses of objects”.
Hermès, contemporary artisans since 1837.
Six generations of artisans.
Hermès around the world.
Join Hermès.
The Hermès Foundation.
GovernanceGovernanceThe structures that ensure the group’s operational and strategic management, and oversee its control.
Organisational structure of Hermès InternationalGroup managementGoverning bodies -  Rules of procedure - Articles of AssociationCompensation paid to corporate officersRegulated agreements.
The structures that ensure the group’s operational and strategic management, and oversee its control.
Organisational structure of Hermès International.
Group management.
Governing bodies -  Rules of procedure - Articles of Association.
Compensation paid to corporate officers.
Regulated agreements.
Sustainable developmentSustainable developmentHermès' sustainable development is based on three pillars.
the people, planet and communities.
Our modelClimateBiodiversityAnimal welfareEco-designEthics, human rights and diversitiesResources managementResponsible sourcingEmployees well-beingTransmission of know-howSocially responsible business.
Hermès' sustainable development is based on three pillars.
the people, planet and communities.
Our model.
Climate.
Biodiversity.
Animal welfare.
Eco-design.
Ethics, human rights and diversities.
Resources management.
Responsible sourcing.
Employees well-being.
Transmission of know-how.
Socially responsible business.
InvestorsInvestorsThanks to its unique business model, Hermès is pursuing its long-term development strategy.
StrategyKey figuresCalendarPublicationsShareholder's guideRegulated informationOther legal informationShare and dividend.
Thanks to its unique business model, Hermès is pursuing its long-term development strategy.
Strategy.
Key figures.
Calendar.
Publications.
Shareholder's guide.
Regulated information.
Other legal information.
Share and dividend.
General meetings.
Privacy policy.
Finance.
hermes.
com site - Effective Date.
April 2020.
General Statement.
We take your privacy very seriously and we are committed to protecting it.
We believe that you should easily know what personal data we collect and use, as well as to understand your rights in respect of your personal data.
Our privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains our policies and practices regarding how we collect, use, and disclose the personal data that we collect through our Digital Platforms, our stores or during our events.
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy carefully as it provides important information about your personal data.
Do not hesitate to contact us should you have any questions or remarks about our Privacy Policy (See section “How to contact us.
” below).
Who we are.
“Hermès”, "we" "us" and “our” refer to Hermès International as the controller of your personal data, except otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy.
Hermès International is a French limited partnership with shares (“Société en commandite par actions”) with a capital of 53,840,400.
12 euros, having its registered office at 24, rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré, 75008 Paris, France, registered with the Paris Trade and Companies Registry under number 572 076 396 RCS Paris.
What personal data do we collect and how is it collected.
We collect your email when you provide it via our subscription form.
Why do we collect your personal data and how do we use it.
We collect and use your personal data based on your consent when you chose to subscribe to our newsletter to be notified by email when a new document is published on the website.
Please note that for this specific legal basis, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time (see below “What rights do you have on your personal data.
”).
How long do we keep your personal data.
Your personal data are processed for the period of your subscription, i.
e.
until you unsubscribe, or up to a maximum of 3 years after inactivity.
How do we disclose and transfer your personal data.
Your data are only accessible to Hermès teams in order to send you an alert when a new document is published on the website.
How do we protect your personal data.
All your personal data is strictly confidential and will only be accessible, on a need-to-know basis, to duly authorized personnel of Hermès and other entities of the Hermès Group and third providers acting on our behalf with appropriate technical and organizational security safeguards.
The Hermès group has implemented security measures to protect your personal data against unauthorized access and use.
We follow appropriate security procedures in the storage and disclosure of your personal data so as to prevent unauthorized access by third parties and to prevent your data being accidentally lost.
We limit those who access your personal data to those who have a genuine business need to access it.
Those who do access your data are subject to a duty of confidentiality towards Hermès.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach.
We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
We also require those parties to whom we transfer your personal data to comply with the same.
However, unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
So, we cannot ensure the security of your personal data transmitted by you to us via the internet.
Any such transmission is at your own risk and you acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible for any unauthorized use, distribution, damage or destruction of Your Information, except to the extent we are required to accept such responsibility under the law.
Once we have received your personal data, we will use the security measures abovementioned.
What rights do you have on your personal data.
In accordance with the applicable data protection laws, you can, at any time, request access, rectification, erasure and portability of your personal data or restrict and object to the processing of your personal data.
A summary of these rights is provided below.
Your right of access.
the right to be provided with a copy of your personal data.
Your right to rectification.
the right to require us to correct any mistakes in your data or to complete your information.
Your right to be forgotten.
the right to require us to delete your personal data — in certain situations.
Your right to restriction of processing.
the right to require us to restrict processing of your personal data — in certain circumstances, for example if you contest the accuracy of the data.
Your right to data portability.
the right to receive the personal information you provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and/or transmit that data to a third party — in certain situations.
Your right to object to processing.
the right to object.
- at any time to your personal data being processed for direct marketing.
- in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal information, e.
g.
processing carried out for the purpose of our legitimate interests.
If you no longer wish to be alerted when new documents are published on the website, we remind you that you may withdraw your consent at any time directly from the unsubscribe link included in each electronic message we send to you.
If you do so, we will promptly update our databases, and will take all reasonable steps to meet your request at the earliest possible opportunity, but we may continue to contact you to the extent necessary for the purposes of any products or services you have requested.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority in case of alleged infringement of the data protection rules applicable to you.
To exercise any of those rights, please contact us using the contact information below (see “How to contact us”).
Please note that upon exercising any of the rights listed above, you will be requested to let us know what right you want to exercise and provide information for identification purposes in order to process your request and protect you against fraudulent requests from third parties.
How to contact us.
In issues relating to your account, to withdraw your consent, to ask general questions or to lodge a complaint, please contact our Customer Service by email.
.
In issues specifically related to emails notifying you of the publication of a new document, we remind you that you can, at any time, directly unsubscribe through the “unsubscribe” link in any electronic messages we send to you.
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing, you may contact our group Data Protection Officer at.
.
Changes to our Privacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy reflects our current practices and is subject to change and update from time to time.
When we post changes to our Privacy Policy, we will modify the "Effective Date" at the top of this document to indicate when such changes have come into effect.
If we change our Privacy Policy in a material way, we will inform you through a notice advising of such change at the beginning of this Privacy Policy and on the “Hermes.
com” website homepage.
Letter to shareholders.
Press releases.
Our job opportunies.
The Hermès Foundation.
Hermes.
com.
Contact.
Frequently asked questions.
Glossary.
Sitemap.
Legal terms.
General terms and conditions of use.
Privacy policy.
Information about cookies.
