HENNGE One.
INFORMATIONNewsInvestors.
News.
Investors.
ABOUT US.
CAREERCareers SiteGlobal Internship.
Careers Site.
Global Internship.
CONTACT US.
English.
日本語.
中文.
Privacy Policy.
Legal Documents.
Regarding the handling of personal information.
This "Privacy Policy Regarding the handling of personal information" sets forth the policy of HENNGE K.
K.
("HENNGE") with respect to the handling of personal information.
Acquisition of Personal Information.
HENNGE will never acquire any personal information in a fraudulent or unlawful manner.
Purpose of Utilization of Personal Information.
Customers' Personal information provided to HENNGE may be utilized within the                scope of purposes as set forth below.
Purposes of Utilization of Customers' Personal Information                    Support of HENNGE products and services.
Promotion of HENNGE products and services.
Conducting customer surveys.
Development of new HENNGE products and services.
andCommunications related to our business or ancillary matters.
Support of HENNGE products and services.
Promotion of HENNGE products and services.
Conducting customer surveys.
Development of new HENNGE products and services.
and.
Communications related to our business or ancillary matters.
Purpose of Utilization of Personal Information of Applicants for Hiring Recruiting activities, selection of and other relevant communication to applicants.
Purposes of Utilization of Shareholders' Personal Information                    Execution of rights and performance of obligations by the shareholders based on the provisions of the Companies Act of Japan.
Generating data and processing statistics based on applicable laws and regulations.
andResponding to inquiries from shareholders.
Execution of rights and performance of obligations by the shareholders based on the provisions of the Companies Act of Japan.
Generating data and processing statistics based on applicable laws and regulations.
and.
Responding to inquiries from shareholders.
Purposes of Utilization of Personal Information of Employees (including employees who resigned and retired from HENNGE)                    Work related to employment management (including employees' family members, employees who are loaned to other companies and employees who are transferred) .
Work related to payment of remuneration.
Work related to Employees' welfare program.
Work related to health and safety of Employees.
Procedures upon resignation/retirement of Employees.
andOther necessary procedures and communications based on applicable laws and regulations as well as from work perspectives.
Work related to employment management (including employees' family members, employees who are loaned to other companies and employees who are transferred) .
Work related to payment of remuneration.
Work related to Employees' welfare program.
Work related to health and safety of Employees.
Procedures upon resignation/retirement of Employees.
and.
Other necessary procedures and communications based on applicable laws and regulations as well as from work perspectives.
Common purposes of Utilization of Personal Information of Those Who Fall under Above-mentioned Paragraphs 1 to 4 as well as those who made inquiries to HENNGE                        Responding to various inquiries.
Also, Customers' utilization information of the HENNGE website may be utilized for analytical purposes to provide optimal services to Customers and to improve the content of its website.
Scope of Utilization of Personal Information.
Personal information provided by Customers to HENNGE will never be disclosed nor provided to any third party except for the following cases where.
Customers consent to the disclosure.
the disclosure is required by applicable laws and ordinances.
the relevant personal information is provided where the handling of such information is delegated to a third party, whole or a part, to the extent necessary to achieve the previously mentioned purpose of utilization.
the relevant personal information is provided while the business is succeeded due to merger or other reasons.
the relevant personal information is jointly utilized in accordance with the paragraph, "Joint Utilization of Personal Information" below.
and.
the disclosure is otherwise permitted by the Act on the Protection of Personal Information of Japan and other applicable laws and ordinances.
Joint Utilization of Personal Information.
HENNGE may share and jointly utilize personal information provided by Customers with its subsidiary, HENNGE Taiwan, Inc.
under the previously mentioned "Purpose of Utilization of Personal Information".
Items of personal information which may be jointly utilized.
Customer's company name, address, full name, phone number, and email address.
Responsible person at HENNGE with respect to management of personal information which may be jointly utilized.
Kazuhiro Ogura.
Disclosure, Correction and Stoppage of Utilization of Personal Information.
In the event that a Customer wishes HENNGE to disclose, correct, or stop                utilization of his or her own personal information that is under the custody of                HENNGE, based on the Act on the Protection of Personal Information of Japan, he                or she is able to make such request anytime by the method designated by                HENNGE.
For details, please contact the "Point of Contact on Handling of Personal                Information" as indicated below.
Compliance with Applicable Laws and Ordinances and Other Rules and Regulations.
HENNGE will comply with all the applicable laws, ordinances, rules and regulations                with respect to personal information which is provided by our customers.
Secure Management of Personal Information.
HENNGE will make efforts to keep Customers' personal information accurate and                up-to-date to the extent necessary to achieve the purpose of utilization.
Also,                HENNGE will make efforts to delete Customers' personal information without delay                in the event that HENNGE no longer needs to utilize such information.
HENNGE will                develop appropriate internal schemes and will implement appropriate security                measures in order to prevent divulgence, loss, or damage of personal information                as well as to manage security of personal information handled by HENNGE.
Special Rule with respect to Customers of Enterprise SaaS Service provided by HENNGE.
HENNGE may acquire and process personal information of third parties for                Customers as a processor and enterprise SaaS Service provider, on behalf of                Customers in the spaces thereof located in cloud ("Tenants").
Such personal                information may be acquired, processed, recorded and stored only for the Tenants                based on the effective agreement between HENNGE and Customers owing such                Tenants, notwithstanding the provisions of this policy ".
Revisions of This Policy.
HENNGE will review its operations with respect to the handling of personal                information as appropriate, make efforts to keep improving, and may revise this                policy as necessary.
In the event of revision of this policy, the revised version will                be made available on the HENNGE website and in other forms.
Point of Contact on Handling of Personal Information.
Please contact below with respect to requests for disclosure, correction, or                stoppage of utilization of your personal information or any complaint and other                inquiries with respect to personal information provided to HENNGE.
HENNGE K.
K.
Personal Information Management Staff.
As of October 18, 2019.
English.
日本語.
中文.
Transformative Technology.
Legal.
Privacy Policy.
Corporate Information.
ISMS.
Main.
HENNGE One.
INFORMATION.
About Us.
Careers.
Contact Us.
Headquarters.
16-28 Daiwa Shibuya Square,                    Nampeidai-cho Shibuya, Tokyo Japan                    Post code.
150-0036.
Official.
+81 03-6415-3660.
