Synchronization of account in progress.
Synchronizing profile.
Synchronizing order history.
Synchronizing favorites lists.
Log in or Register(Waiting for profile completion)(Synchronizing).
Shopping Cart[0].
Contact us.
Products.
Business Optimization.
Support and Downloads.
Company.
Menu.
Cordless Tools.
Power Tools.
Dust Management & Vacuum Cleaners.
Tool Inserts.
Direct Fastening.
Measuring Tools & Scanners.
Fasteners.
Firestop & Fire Protection.
Modular Support Systems.
Facade Mounting Systems.
Construction Chemicals.
Exoskeleton & Human Augmentation Systems.
Software.
Services.
ON.
Track Asset Management.
Want to know more.
See more info about Products.
See how Nuron can help make a positive impact on your business.
SolutionsControl CostsProductivity SolutionsConstruction SafetyEquipment ManagementFuture Trends Engineering Solutions.
Control Costs.
Productivity Solutions.
Construction Safety.
Equipment Management.
Future Trends.
Engineering Solutions.
ApplicationsCommercial Piping SolutionsElectrical Installation Solutions.
Commercial Piping Solutions.
Electrical Installation Solutions.
Offers and EventsTool Trade-In Program.
Tool Trade-In Program.
InformationBilling, Invoicing and PaymentDelivery ServicesTool RepairTool Warranty.
Billing, Invoicing and Payment.
Delivery Services.
Tool Repair.
Tool Warranty.
SupportSales ChannelsAuthorized Distributors and Rental LocationsB2B eProcurement.
Sales Channels.
Authorized Distributors and Rental Locations.
B2B eProcurement.
DownloadsDownload CenterSelector Charts.
Download Center.
Selector Charts.
CompanyAbout HiltiConstruction Insights.
About Hilti.
Construction Insights.
NewsPress ReleasesInnovation MagazineIndustry Talk.
Press Releases.
Innovation Magazine.
Industry Talk.
CareersLearn moreDiversity and Inclusion.
Learn more.
Diversity and Inclusion.
Please note, the order volume has been updated.
This is due to package and minimum order quantities.
Please note, the order volume has been updated to.
This is due to package and minimum order quantities.
Home.
Company.
Privacy Notice.
Privacy Notice.
Hilti services, websites and apps.
Last update.
April 2021.
Hilti not only has a reputation for providing quality products, services and software, and excellent customer service but is also committed to protecting your privacy in the online sphere.
Your privacy matters to Hilti, so whether you are new to Hilti or a long-time user, please read this notice carefully – and if you have any questions contact us.
You can control and manage your information through our Preference Center.
This Privacy Notice describes how we collect, process and use your personal data when you visit and/or register with our services, websites and apps and the choices we offer, including how to access and update information.
Unless otherwise stated, Hilti Inc is the data controller for personal data we collect through the services, websites and apps subject to this Privacy Notice.
Our headquarter office address is.
Hilti North America Corporate Office7250 Dallas Pkwy #1000Plano, TX 75024United States.
Terms used in this Privacy Notice shall have the following meaning.
Terms like “we”, “us”, “our”, etc.
in this Privacy Notice refer to the above mentioned responsible parties (henceforth also referred to as “Hilti”).
Terms like “you”, “your”, “yours”, etc.
refer to you as a person.
The term “personal data” as used in this Privacy Notice means any information - whether such information was entered by you, collected from you or otherwise obtained - relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’).
An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier like in our case such as a name, company, a Hilti identification number or other technical online identifiers.
Table of Contents.
1.
Who is responsible for the proper handling of your personal data.
2.
When does this Privacy Notice apply.
3.
What types of personal data do we collect, process and use.
4.
Why and with whom do we share personal data.
5.
Will personal data be transferred abroad.
6.
Why and for how long do we retain personal data.
7.
What privacy choices do you have.
8.
What else do we do to protect your personal data.
9.
Use of cookies and similar technologies.
10.
Links to other websites.
11.
How are changes to this Privacy Notice communicated.
12.
Contact us.
1.
Who is responsible for the proper handling of your personal data.
The party responsible for the collection, processing and use of personal data is Hilti, Inc as the provider of the services, websites and apps, in most cases, and depending on the requested service, jointly together with one or more of its affiliates.
2.
When does this Privacy Notice apply.
This notice applies to all Hilti services, websites and apps that link to this document.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results, sites that may include Hilti services, or other sites linked from our services.
Our Privacy Notice does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services, and who may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads.
3.
What types of personal data do we collect, process and use.
Personal data that we collect, process and use in connection with the services, websites and apps includes not only information that we actively collect while you interact with us but also information that you provide to us via our customer service team, the Hilti stores and our sales team.
We will seek your consent before collecting, processing and using your personal data for the above-mentioned purposes, where legally required.
Likewise, if we wish to use your personal data for a new or different purpose, we will notify you thereof and will only make such other use if it is required or permitted by applicable law or if you have consented to it.
Any access to your personal data at Hilti is restricted to those individuals that have a need to know in order to fulfill their job responsibilities.
For the purposes mentioned above, only a limited number of individuals within Hilti (e.
g.
individuals in sales, support, legal, finance, IT and accounting departments, as well as certain managers with assigned responsibility) will receive access to your personal data.
When you contact Hilti, we keep a record of your communication to help resolve any issues you might be facing.
We may use your email address or phone number to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.
Depending on your settings, your activity on other Hilti websites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Hilti’s services and the ads delivered by Hilti.
4.
Why and with whom do we share personal data.
We do not sell, trade or rent out your personal data.
For the purposes mentioned in this Privacy Notice we disclose, transfer or otherwise share your personal data, with other entities of the Hilti group of companies to the extent described in the following or as agreed by you in a specific context (e.
g.
, where you consent to other types of data transfers in connection with enrolling for a specific service).
Whenever sharing personal data, we comply with applicable laws.
We do not share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of Hilti unless one of the following circumstances applies.
External processing.
We provide personal information to our third-party service providers under appropriate instructions as necessary for the respective processing purposes, to perform specific tasks on our behalf and under our instructions.
Any third-party provider will have access only to such personal data needed to perform its specific tasks, and only to perform these.
We will ensure that any third-party service provider is aware of and abides by these duties.
We will also ensure that any third-party service provider treats your personal data with no less protection than is required by applicable data protection laws and that they adopt adequate technical and organizational security measures based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Notice and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
Legal reasons.
Without limitation, this includes cases in which we are required by law or binding order of courts, law enforcement authorities or regulators to share personal data.
Should we decide to disclose personal data in such context we will also consider ways of reducing the scope of the disclosure, for instance by redacting the information provided.
5.
Will personal data be transferred abroad.
Hilti’s data storage locations are chosen to operate efficiently, to improve performance, and to create redundancies to protect the data in the event of an outage or other problem.
We take steps to ensure that the data we collect under this Privacy Notice is processed according to the provisions of this Notice and the requirements of applicable law wherever the data is located.
It is Hilti’s policy to process your personal data only in countries in which the applicable data protection laws provide the same level of data protection as in the EU/EEA.
Hilti is headquartered in Liechtenstein with server centers located also in Switzerland and therefore processes personal data under the EU adequacy framework decision regarding Switzerland.
Hilti has implemented Technical and Organizational Measures which set forth the technical and organizational security measures and procedures Hilti undertakes, as a minimum, to maintain and protect the security of personal data processed, including data in transit.
IT processes at Hilti are developed in accordance with the ISO 27001 standard.
6.
Why and for how long do we retain personal data.
Hilti is continuously improving all of its Hilti services, websites and apps to retain personal data no longer than necessary for the described purposes in this notice and/or as required or permitted under applicable laws, to the extent technically possible.
7.
What privacy choices do you have.
Your trust makes our services, websites and apps work better for you.
We keep it private, secure and put you in control of your preferences.
We aim to maintain our services, websites and apps in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction.
Because of this, after you delete information from our services, websites and apps we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may remove information from our backup systems only after certain timeframes in accordance with applicable laws (see Item 6 of this Privacy Policy above).
When you register on our online platforms, you can choose to sign up for marketing information offered by Hilti.
By signing up for marketing information you give your explicit consent whereby you agree that the data you provide (e.
g.
your email address) can be collected, processed and used by Hilti for the regular dispatching of written electronic communication containing company, product and service-related information such as news about new Hilti products or Hilti services or about Hilti marketing campaigns (e.
g.
competitions, discounts, promotions), about changes within the company or to invite you to customer surveys (e.
g.
on customer satisfaction or customer requirements).
In our B2B business you may object to the use of your phone number at any time through our customer service team (1-800-879-8000), your Preference Center, or your Hilti sales contact person.
You can modify and adjust the settings for your email address or mobile phone number in your Hilti account at any time.
You can access your Hilti account via your customer profile after registering on our website or by clicking on the “Preference Center” link in each email we send to you.
If you are a California resident, you can contact us at any time via our California Consumer Privacy Form to exercise your rights according to applicable data protection laws and regulations.
If you withdraw your consent to a processing activity, Hilti reserves the right to further process and use your personal data to the extent required or permitted by law (e.
g.
, to administrate your unsubscribe or set an over layer cookie to respect your cookie settings).
You can set your marketing preferences at any time through the Hilti Preference Center or through customer service.
We will store that information together with your account or Hilti ID and apply it when you use Hilti services, websites and apps and if we send electronic written communication to you.
8.
What else do we do to protect your personal data.
Hilti understands the importance of information and data security, and we want your browsing and purchasing experience with us to be as safe as possible.
To protect your personal data, we have implemented safeguards and precautions, including technical and organizational measures against unauthorized access, improper use, alteration, unlawful or accidental destruction and accidental loss, both in an online and offline context.
Hilti personnel is trained and undertakes to protect personal data accessible when performing their functions.
For example.
-       when you use our website, communication with your browser is encrypted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology.
This means that when you use our website the personal data you submit during the registration and login processes are encrypted before being sent over the Internet.
-       we routinely review the integrity our information collection process, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems.
-       we restrict access to personal information to Hilti employees, contractors and agents based on a need to know approach in order to process it for us.
Involved parties are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
You should only share online or through mobile apps personal information which you are comfortable sharing, acknowledging that no organization or its systems can ever be guaranteed 100% secure all the time.
Please note that using credit card credentials will always require your explicit permission.
The security level does increase if you sign off (logout) when you finish using login-protected areas of the Hilti services, websites and apps.
9.
Use of cookies and similar technologies.
We use cookies and similar technologies in connection with our services, websites and apps.
"Cookies" are pieces of information that a website transfers as a very small text file to your computer´s hard disk.
They are used for record-keeping purposes.
"Cookies" can make the site more useful by storing information about your preferences on the site.
"Cookies" in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user´s computer.
We and our third party service providers may also use pixel tags (also known as web beacons, web bugs, and clear GIFs) on our site and in emails.
A pixel tag is a nearly invisible pixel-sized graphic image on a webpage or in an email message.
As an example, after registering at a website, you may be asked to login each time you return.
By choosing the auto-login option, cookie technology can identify your computer as your computer, and you can be logged-in automatically.
There would be no need to re-enter the login name or the password.
The information we and our third party service providers collect through cookies, pixel tags and similar technology includes the following.
your interactions with our Sites and with our advertisements.
the time of your visit to our site.
items you put into your shopping cart and whether you purchase any or all of those items.
confirmation when you open email from us, including the time you open the email and whether you click on any links in the email.
sites you visit after visiting our site.
Personal information may be collected directly by us through our social media pages, such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn or others.
Personal information may also be collected by the social media site hosting our social media pages.
Our Privacy Policy does not cover the privacy and security practices of the social media sites on which Hilti has its social media pages.
We contract with third party advertising companies to tailor online advertising to be directed to you on other websites.
These third party advertising companies place, use, or rely on technology, such as cookies and pixel tags, to obtain information about your interactions with our site as well as with other websites.
This information helps us select advertising to serve to you and where to serve it based on your experience on our site and other sites that you visit.
10.
Links to other websites.
Our services, websites and apps may contain links to other services, websites and apps of interest, once you have used these links, you leave our services area.
When you visit such other services, websites and apps you should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the app or website in question.
Hilti cannot, and does not, assume any responsibility or liability for such other websites, the content of such services, websites and apps and their privacy practices, nor do we endorse them.
11.
How are changes to this Privacy Notice communicated.
Our business changes constantly, which means that our Privacy Notice will be updated from time to time.
Please check this Privacy Notice from time to time to ensure that you are comfortable with any changes we made.
We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Notice without your explicit consent.
We will post any Privacy Notice changes and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice, including where necessary, individual e-mail notification.
12.
Contact us.
Your feedback is always welcome.
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices or your online privacy please do not hesitate to call our customer service at 1-800-879-8000 during business hours or send us an e-mail at .
Share.
Find Authorized Distributors and Rental Locations.
Request Call-Back.
Chat With Us.
Send Us A Message.
Like Us On Facebook.
Follow Us On Twitter.
Subscribe To Our Channel On YouTube.
Follow Us On Instagram.
Follow Us On LinkedIn.
View Account History.
Manage Your Hilti Tools.
Favorites List.
About Hilti.
Press Releases.
Sustainability.
COVID-19.
Careers.
Access Agreement.
Privacy Policy.
Security.
Terms And Conditions.
Insurance.
California Privacy Statement.
California Prop 65.
SpeakUp for Business Partners.
Uncompromise with Nuron         Experience the latest cordless innovation.
Discover Nuron.
Call us.
Let us call you back.
Live chat with us.
Send us a message.
Looking for a Hilti store.
Find a Hilti store.
Our executive will call you                              back shortly.
An e-mail has been sent to our                            Customer Service team for follow-up.
You will receive a                            copy of your request for your records.
To see account specific prices and content, please choose the appropriate account.
Hilti = registered trademark of Hilti Corporation, 9494 Schaan, Liechtenstein © 2009-2016, Right of technical and programme changes reserved, S.
E.
& O.
Call us.
Request callback.
Chat.
Send us a message.
Looking for a Hilti store.
Find a Hilti store.
Our executive will                                                    call you back shortly.
An e-mail has been sent to                                                    our Customer Service team for follow-up.
You will receive a                                                    copy of your request for your records.
