The Basics.
Connecting Database.
Building Data Models.
Modeling Best Practices.
Exploring Data.
Dataset Best Practices.
Working with Dashboard.
Reporting Best Practices.
Sharing Data Externally.
Advanced Modeling.
Visualizations & Formatting.
Working with Date and Time.
Data Access Control.
Embedded Analytics.
2.
0 to 3.
0 Migration.
As-Code (Holistics 4.
0).
Internal Mechanism.
Billing & Subscriptions.
Adminstration Settings.
Customer Support.
Security & ComplianceSecurity and ComplianceData SecurityGDPR StatementData Processing AgreementPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceResponsible Disclosure Policy.
Security and Compliance.
Data Security.
GDPR Statement.
Data Processing Agreement.
Privacy Policy.
Terms of Service.
Responsible Disclosure Policy.
🏠.
Security & Compliance.
Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy.
Updated.
25 May 2018.
Holistics understands you care how information about you is collected and used.
Holistics is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals who interact with us.
This Holistics Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes Holistics Software Pte Ltd and its affiliated entities (collectively “Holistics”) privacy practices for our websites, services, and apps that link to this policy.
This policy also details our privacy practices related to Holistics marketing, advertising, and company events.
In this Privacy Policy, we will refer to the Holistics Data Platform and related services collectively as our "Services.
" We will refer to our emails, newsletters, and other marketing and advertising practices collectively as our “Communications.
” For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Description of Users and Acceptance of Terms.
Information Collected by Holistics.
Contact Information.
Billing Information.
Information Tracking Technologies.
Trial Sign-Ups.
Information from Support and Success Channels.
Information Collected from Third Parties.
Information Stored on Holistics.
As a Controller of Personal Information.
As a Processor of Personal Information.
How We Use Personal Information Personal.
Information Sharing Information security and storage.
Cross-border data transfers.
How Long Do We Retain Your Personal Information.
Reviewing, updating or deleting your Personal Information.
Opting-out of Holistics Communications.
Minimum Age.
For More Information.
Description of Users and Acceptance of Terms​.
This Privacy Policy applies to visitors to the Site (“ who view only publicly-available content (the “Visitors”) and subscribers (the “Subscribers”) who have signed up to access and use our platform (the “Platform”).
By visiting our Site, Visitors are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the accompanying Website Terms of Service.
By signing up, accessing, and/or using the Platform, each Subscriber is agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the accompanying Terms of Service (“TOS”).
Information Collected by Holistics​.
Contact Information​.
When you contact us through the “Contact Us” page, or sign up to become a Subscriber, you will be asked to provide certain information which may include First name, Last name, Email address, Job title, Company name, Country and mobile phone number (“Contact Information”).
The Contact Information is used to provide the requested Service or information, and to contact subscribers and visitors for purposes of direct marketing of our current and future Services.
We retain Contact Information to send product updates, relevant marketing, training and events based on the users’ communication preferences.
Billing Information​.
In order to purchase a subscription to our Platform, you will be required to provide certain additional information which may include a credit card number, expiration date, billing zip code, activation code, and similar information (“Billing Information”).
Billing Information is collected and processed by our third-party payment processor operating as our agent.
Holistics does not directly store, obtain or process any Billing Information within our own application.
Information Tracking Technologies​.
We receive and store certain information about how you use our websites and Services when you visit them through the use of Information Tracking Technologies (“ITT”), which include first-party and third-party cookies, logs, web beacons, and other similar technologies.
Our servers collect similar information when you are logged into our website or Services.
The information we receive through ITT may be associated with you, depending on the website or Services you are using, and whether you have provided information identifying yourself to the website or Services.
Cookies are identifiers we transfer to your browser or device that allow us to recognize your browser or device and tell us how and when pages and features in our Services are visited and by how many people.
For example, we receive information that your browser or device sends to our servers whenever you visit a Holistics website.
Your browser or device may tell us your internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, computer and connection information such as browser type, version, language and time zone settings, browser plug-in types, operating system, and type of device you are using.
When you visit our Site, your browser may also tell us information such as the actions you take on our Site, the page that led you to our Site and, if applicable, the search terms you typed into a search engine that led you to our Site.
You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or device to prevent or limit your device’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our features.
We may use this data to customize content for you that we think you might like, based on your usage patterns, and generally to improve the Services.
We use ITT to collect information about your interactions with the Site (“Usage Data”) and how the Site is performing (“Analytics Data”).
Usage Data may include information regarding any interaction you have with the Site, such as which functionalities are used and the frequency of use (e.
g.
, pages visited, actions taken, queries run, user accounts, account roles, and connected database types).
Analytics Data may include query response times, application response times and other metrics that monitor the responsiveness of the Site.
In addition, third parties may be able to collect information about your online activities when you use our websites or Services from ITT.
We do not respond to web browser ‘do not track’ signals or other similar transmissions that indicate a request to disable online tracking of users who visit our websites or who use our websites or Services.
If you receive emails from us, we may use certain analytics tools, to capture data such as when (and where) you opened our email or click on any links or banners our email contains.
This data helps us to gauge the effectiveness of our communications and marketing campaigns.
Trial Sign-Ups​.
When you sign up for a trial, we collect your work email and rejects the use of common personal publicly available email domain accounts.
We will send product, marketing and sales related emails designed to help facilitate your product evaluation.
Holistics use third party tools to help you onboard effectively, such as setting up user onboarding flows, automate pop-up message, or to study in-app activity of trial users to identify and clear obstacles for them to have a successful onboarding experience.
Information from Support and Success Channels​.
Information you provide through our support and success channels will be stored.
The Services also include our customer support and customer success, where you may choose to submit information regarding a problem you are experiencing with a Service.
Whether you designate yourself as a technical contact, open a support ticket, speak to one of our representatives directly or otherwise engage with our support team, you will be asked to provide contact information, a summary of the problem you are experiencing, and any other documentation, screenshots or information that would be helpful in resolving the issue.
From time to time, our support team may temporarily access your tenant for the sole purpose of prompt resolution and fast troubleshooting.
All such access attempts are logged internally and associated with a support ticket.
Information sent to our group emails for support and customer success will be accessible by our engineering and business teams on duty to provide you a more holistic and responsive service level.
If any of such data needs to be shared, please indicate in your email communications that such data is sensitive and confidential.
For the avoidance of doubt, emails sent with generic company confidentiality boilerplates footers at all emails appended by default will not be classified as such sensitive/confidential information unless otherwise stated.
Information Collected from Third Parties​.
We maintain pages on online social networks and advertising sites.
We may collect information when you interact with our social network pages.
We advertise online, including displaying Holistics ads across the Internet on websites and in apps.
When we advertise online to you, we may collect information about which ads are displayed to you, which ads you click on, and the web page where the ad was displayed to you.
Information Stored on Holistics​.
We act as both a Controller and Processor of Information Stored for our customers.
As a Controller of Personal Information​.
We store data on Holistics customers and visitors on our Site and Service.
This includes details such as trial sign-up information, login details (encrypted), as well as metadata about product usage.
Metadata is used to facilitate product improvements, customer support and license auditing.
As a Processor of Personal Information​.
Where our Customer Database (described in our terms of service) is connected to Holistics, and the Customer Database contains Personal Information necessary to answer queries from Holistics users, Holisics acts as a processor of Personal Information.
Holistics does not store or sync a copy of your data directly from source, so your data remains stored on your own central servers.
You can provide read-only connection to access the minimum amount of data needed to answer your questions in your query results.
You may choose to provide Holistics write-access to your database for our ETL features, where Holistics will help you move data across your data sources, or run in-database transformation to speed up query performance.
You may also leverage on the Holistics cache, which speeds up your dashboard/report access time by preloading your query results at scheduled intervals of your choosing.
This cache is set to automatically expire at your preferred duration, and can be turned off on a per report basis.
You can choose to remove the cache data at any time for your query.
How We Use Personal Information​.
Holistics may uses your Personal Information to.
Provide you with Holistics website content, the features, functions and benefits of the Service.
Respond to your requests for information, products, or services, and to provide customer service and support.
Operate, maintain and improve our websites and Services (such as, for the purposes of fixing malfunctions, testing our security systems, etc.
).
Provide you with notices related to your use of the Service.
Personalize our website, Services, and Communications to your likely interests andneeds.
Send you business messages such as those related to Services notifications,payments or renewal of your subscription, or process billing for your Service subscription (i.
e.
charging your credit card).
Provide you with promotional and marketing emails.
You can opt-out of receiving certain types of promotional and marketing emails, but if you do you may not receive the full benefit of the Service.
Opting-out can be done by following the instructions at the bottom of the promotional material.
Contact you via telephone to discuss our Services and related offers with you.
Personalize the Service experience for you (such as, remembering your informationso you will not have to enter it each time you use the Service).
Enhance, improve and further develop the Service (such as, creating new features orfunctions, refining the user experience, increasing Service technical performance,etc.
).
Enable advertising delivered to you to be more relevant.
Email you periodically (intervals of months) to to explore if you like to re-evaluate ourServices if you have previously tried us.
For other purposes about which we notify you.
From time to time, we may provide information to our customers and potential customers in the form of electronic or print newsletters.
When you subscribe to our newsletter you may be added to our mailing list and will receive announcements and information about Holistics.
It will be emailed or mailed to the address that you provide when you subscribe.
Holistics’ third-party service providers serve ads on our behalf across the Internet.
Some of these ads may be personalized for you based on information collected from your use of the Site.
Personal Information Sharing​.
In certain circumstances, Holistics may share your Personal Information with third-party service providers that provide the below services for Holisics.
Email communications (operational, marketing).
Customer Relationship Management.
Data management.
Database hosting.
Payment card processing.
Helpdesk services.
Shipping services.
Collaboration services.
Cloud services.
Online Advertisements.
We will only pass your data on to third parties without your express consent if we are obliged to do so by statutory law or an instruction by a public authority or court.
Information security and storage​.
We understand that the security of your Personal Information is important.
We implement reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security controls designed to protect your Personal Information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
However, despite our efforts, no security controls are completely effective and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of your Personal Information.
Your Personal Information and data files are stored on our servers and the servers of our affiliated companies and companies we hire to provide services to us.
Cross-border data transfers​.
Your Personal Information may be stored in Singapore, the United States, where our employees reside, or transferred to other countries where the companies we hire to help us run our business are located.
Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information.
When we transfer your Personal Information, we will protect it as described in this privacy policy.
How Long Do We Retain Your Personal Information.
​.
We will retain personal information for as long as it is needed for legitimate business purposes to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
We keep such servers to help protect the stability and availability of the Service (such as protecting it from viruses and malfunctions).
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Some of your Personal Information may also remain on backup systems or third-party services after your use of our websites and/or Services ends, unless you request that your data be deleted.
Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal information are available in our retention policy which you can request from us by contacting us.
See the  “Reviewing, updating or deleting your Personal Information”  section below.
Reviewing, updating or deleting your Personal Information​.
We take reasonable steps intended to ensure that your Personal Information we collect is accurate, complete, and current by using the most recent information provided to us.
Our websites and Services may allow you to review and edit your Personal Information by accessing your profile or similar feature of the website or Service you are using.
For our websites, you may have the ability to manage your cookies and similar technologies through your web browser settings.
You should consult the settings and instructions provided by the provider of your web browser for more information.
You may also submit a request to us to review, edit, or delete your Personal Information by emailing your request to [email protected].
Our business hours for telephone contact are 9.
00 AM to 6.
00 PM Singapore Time (GMT+8).
Once we verify your identify, we will assist you with your request.
You can choose not to provide us with your Personal Information, but if you do not provide us with your Personal Information when we request it, we may not be able to provide you with the websites and Services you use, or tailor them to you.
Opting-out of Holistics Communications​.
We may occasionally send you notification emails about updates to our product, legal documents, offer customer support or marketing emails.
Except for cases where we are required to do so by law (e.
g.
notifying you of a data breach), you shall have the opportunity to unsubscribe from receiving these messages free of charge.
You may opt out of receiving Communications by modifying your website or Service profile, or by unsubscribing to the marketing mailings or newsletters you no longer desire.
To unsubscribe, please follow the "Unsubscribe" instructions that are contained within the mailing, newsletter or other Communication that we send to you.
You may also send an email to  [email protected]  with "Unsubscribe" in the body, together with a description of the Communications you no longer desire to receive.
Minimum Age​.
The Site is not directed to, nor intended to be used by, individuals under the age of 13.
Holistics does not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under the age of 13.
If you become aware that an individual under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, please contact us immediately at [email protected] If we become aware that an individual under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to delete such information.
For More Information​.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [email protected]  or 14 Robinson Road, Far East Finance Building, #08-01A, Singapore 048545.
Description of Users and Acceptance of Terms.
Information Collected by HolisticsContact InformationBilling InformationInformation Tracking TechnologiesTrial Sign-UpsInformation from Support and Success ChannelsInformation Collected from Third Parties.
Contact Information.
Billing Information.
Information Tracking Technologies.
Trial Sign-Ups.
Information from Support and Success Channels.
Information Collected from Third Parties.
Information Stored on HolisticsAs a Controller of Personal InformationAs a Processor of Personal Information.
As a Controller of Personal Information.
As a Processor of Personal Information.
How We Use Personal Information.
Personal Information Sharing.
Information security and storage.
Cross-border data transfers.
How Long Do We Retain Your Personal Information.
Reviewing, updating or deleting your Personal InformationOpting-out of Holistics CommunicationsMinimum AgeFor More Information.
Opting-out of Holistics Communications.
Minimum Age.
For More Information.
