HOME.
ABOUT US BackABOUT USABOUT THE GROUPOUR CULTUREHISTORYCERTIFICATES AND ACCOLADESNEWS AND EVENTSRESPONSIBILITY.
NEWS.
PRODUCTS AND SOLUTIONS BackPRODUCTS AND SOLUTIONSPRODUCTS AND SERVICESSOLUTIONAPPLICATION CASETECHNICAL SUPPORT.
INVESTORS.
JOIN US BackJOIN USCAREERSPARTNERSHIP.
LEGAL STATEMENT.
LEGAL STATEMENT.
Welcome to the HollySys Group website (.
Foreword.
This website is operated by HollySys Group (hereinafter referred to as "HollySys") and its authorized maintenance personnel.
All rights in relation to this website are reserved to HollySys.
Please read this statement carefully before using this website.
Your use of this website (including but not limited to accessing or logging in to the website and viewing or using the contents thereof) will be deemed voluntary and bound by this statement.
If you cannot agree with the contents of this statement, you should stop using this website.
Disclaimers.
HollySys and its authorized maintenance personnel will endeavor to maintain the security and functionality of this website, but do not guarantee that all user requirements will be met, that all functions on the website will always function properly, that the system will be compatible with your computer's operating system or hardware, or that the website or its servers will never fail to inadvertently spread viruses, Trojans, or other harmful programs.
In addition, all content on this website (including information provided by third parties) is provided for informational purposes only and HollySys makes no guarantee or commitment as to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness.
HollySys bears no liability for any damages arising from the use of this website or the information there posted.
Intellectual Property.
All content on this website, which includes but is not limited to text, software, images, sound, animation, graphics, charts, artwork, photographs, pictures, names, logos, trademarks, service marks, etc.
, are protected by applicable laws.
All content and information on this website and the intellectual property rights thereof are the property of HollySys.
The reproduction or quoting of this website's content by any media, website, or individual must be reasonable and in good faith to provide the public with free information, must not misinterpret or modify the original intent of this website's content, and must all mentions of origin with the words "Source.
HollySys Group".
Violators will be held responsible in accordance with the law.
Product Information.
Appearances and functions of products featured on this website are subject to the actual product and the official sales manual.
The product information provided on the website is for reference only and does not constitute any commitment or guarantee regarding the corresponding products.
External Linking.
Any linking to this website must obtain the consent of HollySys in advance.
In any case, whether or not HollySys has given consent, external linking does not imply the endorsement of HollySys, nor that HollySys monitors the content of the external website.
HollySys does not make any guarantee, promise, compensation, nor hold any other liability regarding the legality, accuracy, reliability, or consequences of use concerning the content or other related matters of externally linked websites.
Furthermore, the conditions of use, terms of personal information protection, and procedures of this website ( do not apply to externally linked websites.
Protection of Personal Information.
At Hollysys, the privacy and safety of visitors are essential, when you visit this website, you may be asked to provide your personal information (name, email address, phone number, etc.
).
We will keep this information in a strictly confidential way in accordance with the relevant laws of the People's Republic of China.
HollySys will not resell or sublet such information to any third party in violation of the regulations, except in the following cases.
(I) When judicial or administrative authorities request this website to disclose personal information by their legal authority and under the relevant procedures, we will provide the relevant information in accordance with the law.
This website is not responsible for any disclosure made under such circumstances.
(II) This website is not responsible for the leak, loss, theft, tampering, etc.
of personal data due to force majeure affecting the normal operation of the website, whether by hacking, computer virus, or government-ordered temporary shutdown.
(III) This website is not responsible for the leak, loss, theft, tampering, etc.
of personal data due to users informing others of their personal password or sharing their registered accounts with other individuals, etc.
(IV) This website is not responsible for the leak, loss, theft, tampering, etc.
of personal data from any external websites linked to this website.
Website Maintenance.
HollySys reserves the right to update and maintain the content of this website at any time and without advance notice.
You agree that you may not be able to access or log in to the website due to maintenance and changes to be made by HollySys at any time.
However, this statement does not obligate HollySys to maintain or update the website in a timely manner.
Copyright Complaints.
HollySys respects the intellectual property rights of others.
If you believe that your work has been used in some way on this website without your permission, please contact HollySys immediately.
Power of Interpretation.
The right to modify the content of this website and this statement, as well as the right to final interpretation all belong to HollySys.
General Terms and Conditions.
General Terms and Conditions for Purchase of Products.
General Terms and Conditions for Sale of Products.
To report suspected violations of regulation or law, please contact .
Address.
No.
2 Di Sheng Middle Road, Economic-Technological Development Area 100176 Beijing, ChinaTel.
010-58981000 Fax.
010-58981100.
