Privacy Policy.
Last Revision.
December 26, 2019.
Our Policy.
Welcome to the web site (the “Site”) of Pioneer Works, Inc.
(“Pioneer Works”, “we”, “us” and/or “our”).
This Site is operated by Pioneer Works and hasbeen created to provide information about our company and our services provided under the name “Homebase” and relatedtechnologies.
This Privacy Policy sets forth Pioneer Works policy with respect to information including personallyidentifiable data (“Personal Data”) and other information that is collected from visitors to the Site and Services.
Information We Collect.
When you interact with us through the Services, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, asfurther described below.
We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide such information, such as when you contact us withinquiries, respond to one of our surveys, register for access to the Services or use certain Services.
Theinformation we collect includes unique identifiers, browser type and settings, device type and settings,operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application versionnumber.
We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services,including IP address, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request.
Wemay also collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features mobiletime clock usage or alerts for scheduled shifts or breaks or other jobs that might be nearby and of interest toyou.
Wherever Pioneer Works collects Personal Data we make an effort to provide a link to this Privacy Policy.
We may collect personally identifiable information about you, such as your full name, phone number, email address,or similar, when you register for an account.
If you choose to purchase a product from us, we or our third-partypayment processors will collect your payment information.
When you use our Services or if you visit our websites,we may receive certain information about you as described below.
We may send promotional emails from time to timethat apply to your account and we may send you service related emails related to your account.
If you no longerwish to receive these emails, you may opt out of them or cancel your account.
By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with thisPrivacy Policy.
If you provide Personal Data to the Services, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Datamay be transferred from your current location to the offices and servers of Pioneer Works or the authorizedthird parties referred to herein located in the United States.
The security of your Personal Information isimportant to us, and we implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures andpractices in order to protect it from unauthorized access, use, modification, or disclosure.
Our measures includefirewalls, data encryption, SSL encryption, physical and electronic access controls, and strict rules regardingthe access and use of data on our system.
However, please be aware that no method of transmission over theinternet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we are unable to guarantee the absolute securityof information we have collected from you.
Other Information.
Non-Identifiable Data.
When you interact with Pioneer Works through the Services, we receive and store certain personally non-identifiableinformation.
Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot presently be usedto specifically identify you.
Pioneer Works may store such information itself or such information may be includedin databases owned and maintained by Pioneer Works affiliates, agents or service providers.
The Services may usesuch information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of visitors to our Site,the number of visitors to each page of our Site, and the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers.
It is important to note that no Personal Data is available or used in this process.
Cookies.
In operating the Services, we use a technology called "cookies.
" A cookie is a piece of information that thecomputer that hosts our Services gives to your browser when you access the Services.
Our cookies help provideadditional functionality to the Services and help us analyze Services usage more accurately.
For instance, ourServices may set a cookie on your browser that allows you to access the Services without needing to remember andthen enter a password more than once during a visit to the Services.
In all cases in which we use cookies, we willnot collect Personal Data except with your permission.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used.
This helps us analyze data about web pagetraffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs.
We use this information for statisticalanalysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find usefuland which you do not.
In addition, cookies allow the website to remember any choices you make about the website(such as changes to text size, customized pages) or enable services that you have selected.
A cookie in no waygives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can obtain more information about cookies by visiting.
The Cookies We Use.
Functionality / Preference / User Experience Cookies.
Functionality Cookies, which include preference and user experience related cookies, are used to provide servicesor to remember choices you make so we can personalize our content for you (for example, by remembering your username, choice of language, schedule preferences).
Our use of Functionality Cookies includes remembering preferencesyou have chosen to customize your experience of our Website or providing live chat functionality to you acrossour Websites through Intercom, ZenDesk or other similar services.
These cookies last until removed by your browser.
Analytical Cookies.
We use cookies to analyze user activity in order to improve Homebase.
For example, we can use cookies to look atuse of different sections of Homebase and aggregate patterns based on actions that you might perform.
We can usesuch analysis to gain insights about how to improve the functionality and user experience of Homebase.
Testing and Performance Improvement Cookies.
We use cookies to ensure users receive a consistent user experience while we conduct A/B testing on certainaspects of our Site in order to improve our product offerings.
We also use cookies to improve the performanceand reliability of our Site.
Marketing Cookies.
We may use cookies from third-party partners such as Google and Facebook for marketing purposes.
These cookiesallow us to display promotional material to you on other sites you visit across the Internet.
We may also shareinformation about your behavior on the Site with third parties (including operators of third-party websitesand/or social networking sites) in order to show you targeted advertisements and other content that has beencustomized for you.
Google Analytics Cookies.
Name.
_ga.
Type.
First Party Persistent.
Duration.
2 years from set/update.
Purpose.
This cookie is typically written to the browser upon the first visit.
If the cookie has been deleted bythe browser operator, and the browser subsequently visits our site, a new _ga cookie is written with a differentunique ID.
In most cases, this cookie is used to determine unique visitors to our site and it is updated witheach page view.
Additionally, this cookie is provided with a unique ID that Google Analytics uses to ensureboth the validity and accessibility of the cookie as an extra security measure.
Name.
_gat.
Type.
First Party Persistent.
Duration.
24 hours from set/update.
Purpose.
This cookie is typically written to the browser upon the first visit.
If the cookie has been deleted bythe browser operator, and the browser subsequently visits our site, a new _gat cookie is written with a differentunique ID.
In most cases, this cookie is used to determine unique visitors to our site and it is updated witheach page view.
Additionally, this cookie is provided with a unique ID that Google Analytics uses to ensureboth the validity and accessibility of the cookie as an extra security measure.
Name.
_utma.
Type.
First Party Persistent.
Duration.
2 years from set/update.
Purpose.
This cookie is typically written to the browser upon the first visit.
If the cookie has been deletedby the browser operator, and the browser subsequently visits our site, a new __utma cookie is written with adifferent unique ID.
In most cases, this cookie is used to determine unique visitors to our site and it isupdated with each page view.
Additionally, this cookie is provided with a unique ID that Google Analyticsuses to ensure both the validity and accessibility of the cookie as an extra security measure.
Name.
_utmb.
Type.
First Party Persistent.
Duration.
30 minutes from set/update.
Purpose.
This cookie is used to establish and continue a user session with our site.
When a user views a page onour site, the Google Analytics code attempts to update this cookie.
If it does not find the cookie, a new oneis written and a new session is established.
Each time a user visits a different page on our site.
this cookieis updated to expire in 30 minutes, thus continuing a single session for as long as user activity continueswithin 30-minute intervals.
This cookie expires when a user pauses on a page on our site for longer than 30 minutes.
Name.
_utmc.
Type.
First Party Session.
Duration.
At the end of the session.
Purpose.
This cookie operates in conjunction with the '_utmb' cookie to determine whether or not to establish a new session for the user.
If it does not find the cookie, a new one is written and a new session is established.
This cookie expires when a user's session is no longer active.
Name.
_utmz.
Type.
First Party Persistent.
Duration.
6 months from set/update.
Purpose.
This cookie stores the type of referral used by the visitor to reach our site, whether via a directmethod, a referring link, a website search, or a campaign such as an ad or an email link.
It is used to calculatesearch engine traffic, ad campaigns and page navigation within our site.
The cookie is updated with each pageview to our site.
Opting Out of Cookie Usage.
If you want to control which cookies you accept, you can configure your browser to accept all cookies or toalert you every time a cookie is offered by a website's server.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies.
You can set your browser option so that you will not receive cookies and you can also delete existing cookiesfrom your browser.
You may find that some parts of the site will not function properly if you have refusedcookies.
On most web browsers, you will find a “help” section on the toolbar.
Please refer to this section forinformation on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off.
Werecommend that you leave cookies turned on because they allow you to take advantage of some of the Service features.
Aggregated Personal Data.
In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the Services, Pioneer Works often conductsresearch on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Data and other informationprovided to us.
This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and Pioneer Works may sharethis aggregate data with its affiliates, agents and business partners.
This aggregate information does not identifyyou personally.
Pioneer Works may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services tocurrent and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
Our Use of Your Personal Data and Other Information.
Pioneer Works uses the Personal Data you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Ifyou provide Personal Data for a certain reason, we may use the Personal Data in connection with the reasonfor which it was provided.
For instance, if you contact us by email, we will use the Personal Data you provideto answer your question or resolve your problem.
Also, if you provide Personal Data in order to obtain access tothe Services, we will use your Personal Data to provide you with access to such services and to monitor your useof such services.
Pioneer Works and its subsidiaries and affiliates (the “Pioneer Works Related Companies”) mayalso use your Personal Data and other personally non-identifiable information collected through the Servicesto help us improve the content and functionality of the Services, to better understand our users and to improvethe Services.
Pioneer Works and its affiliates may use this information to contact you in the future to tellyou about services we believe will be of interest to you.
If we do so, each marketing communication we send youwill contain instructions permitting you to "opt-out" of receiving future marketing communications.
In addition,if at any time you wish not to receive any future marketing communications or you wish to have your name deletedfrom our mailing lists, please contact us as indicated below.
Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information.
Pioneer Works is not in the business of selling your information.
We consider this information to be a vital partof our relationship with you.
There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your PersonalData with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below.
Business Transfers.
As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets.
In the event of a corporate sale,merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets.
Related Companies.
We may also share your Personal Data with our Related Companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Agents, Consultants and Related Third Parties.
Pioneer Works, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-relatedfunctions.
Examples of such functions include mailing information, maintaining databases and processing payments.
When we employ another entity to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the informationthat they need to perform their specific function.
Legal Requirements.
Pioneer Works may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief thatsuch action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend the rights or propertyof Pioneer Works, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Services orthe public, or (iv) protect against legal liability.
Exclusions.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Data collected by Pioneer Works other than Personal Datacollected through the Services.
This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provideto Pioneer Works through the Services or through any other means.
This includes, but is not limited to, informationposted to any public areas of the Services, such as forums, any ideas for new products or modifications toexisting products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, “Unsolicited Information”).
All UnsolicitedInformation shall be deemed to be non-confidential and Pioneer Works shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose,and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution.
Children.
Pioneer Works does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13.
If you are underthe age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Services.
We encourage parents and legalguardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructingtheir children never to provide Personal Data on the Services without their permission.
If you have reason tobelieve that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to Pioneer Works through the Services, pleasecontact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
California Privacy Rights.
We will not share any Personal Data with third-parties for their direct marketing purposes to the extent prohibitedby California law.
If our practices change, we will do so in accordance with applicable laws and will notify you in advance.
California law requires that operators of websites and online services disclose how they respond to a Do NotTrack signal.
Some browsers have incorporated “Do Not Track” features.
Most of these features, when turned on,send a signal or preference to the website or online service that a user visits, indicating that the user doesnot wish to be tracked.
Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret Do Not Track signals,we do not currently respond to Do Not Track signal.
Additional Disclosures for California Residents.
These additional disclosures for California residents apply only to individuals who reside in California.
TheCalifornia Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides additional rights to know, delete and opt out, andrequires business collecting or disclosing Personal Data to provide notice of rights California residents have andcan exercise.
California Notice of Collection.
We have collected information corresponding to the following categories of information enumerated in the CCPA.
Identifiers,including name, address, email address, account name, Social Security Number, IP address - and an ID number assigned to your account.
Customer records,phone number, billing address, credit or debit card information, employment or education information.
Demographic information,such as your age or gender.
This category includes pieces of Personal Data that also qualify as protected classification characteristics under other pre-existing California or federal laws.
Analytics and Advertising,including purchases and engagement with the Services.
Internet activity,including history of visiting and interacting with our Service, browser type, browser language and other information collected automatically.
Geolocation data,including location enabled services such as WiFi and GPS.
Inferences,including information about your interests and preferences.
For more information on what we collect, including the sources we receive information from, review the Information We Collect section.
We collect and use these categories of Personal Data for the business purposes described in the Our Use of Your Personal Data and Other Information section, including to provide and manage our Site and Services.
Homebase does not generally sell information as the term “sell” is traditionally understood.
However, to the extent “sale” under the CCPA is interpreted to include advertising technology activities as a “sale,” we will comply with applicable law as to such activity.
Homebase discloses the following categories of information for commercial purposes.
Commercial Information.
Demographic Data.
Location Data.
Identifiers.
Inferences.
and.
Internet activity.
We use and partner with different types of entities to assist with our daily operations and manage our Site and Service.
Please review the Information We Collect section for more detail about the parties we share information with.
Right to Know and Delete.
If you are a California resident, you have the right to know certain information about our data practices in the preceding 12 months.
In particular, you have the right to request the following from us.
The categories of Personal Data we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which the Personal Data was collected.
The categories of Personal Data about you we disclosed for a business purpose or sold.
The categories of third parties to whom the Personal Data was disclosed for a business person or sold.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the Personal Data.
and.
The specific pieces of Personal Data we have collected about you.
In addition, you have the right to delete the Personal Data we have collected from you.
However, this is not an absolute right and Homebase may have legal grounds for keeping such data.
To exercise any of these rights, please submit a request at  In the request, please specify which right you are seeking to exercise and the scope of the request.
We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 days.
We may require specific information from you to help us verify your identity and process your request.
If we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny your requests to know or delete.
Authorized Agent.
You can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf.
However, we will require written proof of the agent’s permission to do so and verify your identity directly.
Right to Non-Discrimination.
You have the right to non-discriminatory treatment by us, should you exercise any of your rights.
Shine the Light.
Customers who are residents of California may request info.
a list of the categories of Personal Data disclosed by us to third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for those third parties’ own direct marketing purposes, and (ii) a list of the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed such information.
To exercise a request, please contact us at  or 835 Howard St, Floor 2.
San Francisco, CA 94103.
Requests must include “California Shine the Light Request” in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code.
We may require additional information from you to allow us to verify your identity and are only required to respond to requests once during any calendar year.
Please note that Homebase is not required to respond to requests made by means other than through the provided email address or mail address.
Links to Other Web Sites.
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services.
The Services may contain links to other web sites not operatedor controlled by Pioneer Works (the “Third Party Sites”).
The policies and procedures we described here donot apply to the Third Party Sites.
The links from the Services do not imply that Pioneer Works endorses orhas reviewed the Third Party Sites.
We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.
Security.
Pioneer Works takes reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data provided via the Services from loss, misuse,and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
However, no Internet or email transmission isever fully secure or error free.
In particular, email sent to or from the Services may not be secure.
Therefore,you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email.
Please keep this in mind whendisclosing any Personal Data to Pioneer Works via the Internet.
As mentioned above, please be aware that no methodof transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we are unable to guaranteethe absolute security of information we have collected from you.
Other Terms and Conditions.
Your access to and use of the Services is subject to the Terms of Service atJoinHomebase.
com/Terms.
Changes to Pioneer Works’ Privacy Policy.
The Services and our business may change from time to time.
As a result, at times it may be necessary forPioneer Works to make changes to this Privacy Policy.
Pioneer Works reserves the right to update or modifythis Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice.
Please review this policy periodically,and especially before you provide any Personal Data.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicatedabove.
Your continued use of the Services after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicateyour agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.
Access and Retention of Data.
To keep your Personal Data accurate, current, and complete, or to remove your Personal Data, please contact usas specified below.
We will take reasonable steps to update, remove or correct Personal Data in our possessionthat you have previously submitted via the Services.
We respect your privacy rights and provide you with reasonable access to the Personal Data that you may haveprovided through your use of the Services.
If you wish to access or amend any other Personal Data we hold aboutyou, or to request that we delete or transfer any information about you that we have obtained from an IntegratedService, you may contact us at At your request, we will have any reference to you deletedor blocked in our database.
You may update, correct, or delete your Account information and preferences at any time by accessing your Accountsettings page on the Service.
Please note that while any changes you make will be reflected in active user databasesinstantly or within a reasonable period of time, we may retain all information you submit for backups, archiving,prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonablybelieve that we have a legitimate reason to do so.
If we receive a request under this provision, we will acknowledge itwithin seventy-two (72) business hours and handle it in most cases within thirty (30) days.
You may decline to share certain Personal Data with us, in which case we may not be able to provide to you someof the features and functionality of the Service.
At any time, you may object to the processing of your Personal Data, on legitimate grounds, except if otherwisepermitted by applicable law.
If you believe your right to privacy granted by applicable data protection laws hasbeen infringed upon, please contact You also have a right to lodge a complaint with dataprotection authorities.
There may be limitations or delays in our ability to take the actions listed in thissection as priority will be provided to users or visitors that are residents of a country where we have a legalrequirement to act on the request within a certain period of time.
Contacting Pioneer Works.
Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about Pioneer Works’ Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Services.
You may contact us as follows.
.
You may also send us a written notice to.
Pioneer Works.
Attn.
Privacy Officer.
835 Howard St, Floor 2.
San Francisco, CA 94103.
Link your account.
Hold up.
Before you link your account, please make sure the names of your employees in QuickBooks match their names in Homebase.
You can add email addresses and phone numbers for improved matching.
For anybody we can't match, we'll create a new profile for them in Homebase.
After the account is linked, when you add an employee to Homebase we'll automatically create a profile for them in QuickBooks.
