Industries  Banking Warehousing Restaurants RetailHealthcareIndustrialHospitality Manufacturing Other Enterprises.
Banking.
Warehousing.
Restaurants.
Retail.
Healthcare.
Industrial.
Hospitality.
Manufacturing.
Other Enterprises.
Use Cases  Intrusion Detection SOP Monitoring Video RetrievalCloud Camera SolutionsEnergy ManagementPatient Monitoring Access ControlFire Safety.
Intrusion Detection.
SOP Monitoring.
Video Retrieval.
Cloud Camera Solutions.
Energy Management.
Patient Monitoring.
Access Control.
Fire Safety.
Small Business RetailSalon SurveillanceServer RoomCloud KitchenEducation CenterAutomotive ServicesDiagnostic Center.
Retail.
Salon Surveillance.
Server Room.
Cloud Kitchen.
Education Center.
Automotive Services.
Diagnostic Center.
Knowledge Hub BlogCase StudiesCamera Buying GuideWhitepapersBrochureseBooks.
Blog.
Case Studies.
Camera Buying Guide.
Whitepapers.
Brochures.
eBooks.
Get in Touch.
Privacy Policy.
IGZY  (“We”) respects its users’ (“User”/“You”) privacy and appreciate your concern to protect your privacy.
This Privacy Policy has been adopted by us to inform you of how we handle the information that you share with us.
Personally Identifiable Information (PII).
We collect the following information when You visit our website, take a trial of our products, or commercially license any of our products online.
Your name.
Company name.
Physical contact information.
The E-mail address and phone numbers.
We do not collect this PII from you unless You elect to provide it to us.
Non- Personally identifiable information (NPII).
We collect Your non-personally identifiable information via Google Analytics by Google analytics Privacy policy.
How we use the information we collect.
The PII collected is solely for creating Your account with us for licensing from us or for us to respond to your queries, if any.
We maintain a customer list with us for communicating with our users regarding product-related announcements or sharing our newsletters.
We may contact our users for conducting market surveys regarding our products and services.
You have the option to opt-out of receiving communications from us.
Information shared with third parties.
We do not share any User information with third parties.
If we are ever required to share any users PII with a third party based on a court order or direction by a governmental authority, we shall inform users of the same as promptly as commercially feasible unless directed by the applicable court or governmental authority to act in any other manner.
Storage and Retention of Information.
The information we collect from You is stored on our servers on leased cloud space managed by third-party service providers.
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy, for financial auditing purposes and routine archival purposes unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Security.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure.
To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
Notwithstanding the above, we do not guarantee that Your information will not be accessed disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of firewalls and secured server software.
We hereby disclaim any liability related to a security breach or loss of your Information to the greatest extent permissible by law.
Protection of Children’s privacy.
This website is not intended for anyone below the age of 13.
Consistent with applicable laws, we will never knowingly collect any PII from anyone under the age of 13 without parental consent.
Any person who provides their personal information to us through this website represents that they are 13 years of age or older and are allowed to share personal information without parental consent by the user’s applicable laws.
Consent.
By using this website, you consent to the processing of your data in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Cookies.
The cookies used by Our Site perform the following functions, as classified below.
Performance CookiesSome cookies help us with the performance and design of Our Site.
This allows us to measure how many times a page has been visited, whether a page has been visited on Our Site through an advertisement or by other means.
Targeting and Tracking CookiesOn certain pages of Our Site, we use cookies to help us understand your interests as you browse the internet, so we can tailor and deliver to you a more personalized service in the future.
This assists us in delivering relevant advertising to you during various advertising campaigns we may run from time to time through participating in third party sites.
These cookies collect information relating to the origin of your visit, where you were exposed to our advertising, what advertising feature you saw, whether you arrived directly or indirectly to Our Site, the device you used to visit Our Site and which downloads you performed.
This information is collected on an anonymous basis via third party suppliers.
We may use cookies to gather information through our site.
Cookies may provide us with personal information, information about browsers and networks you utilize to access our Website and other information regarding your interactions with our Website.
If you do not wish to provide any information through cookies, you may choose not to use the services.
You can reset your cookie preferences by clearing your browser cookies.
Reference link –.
International visitors.
This website may be hosted in multiple countries.
If you are visiting the website from any country other than those where the website is hosted, please note that you are transferring your Information to a country where the laws related to data protection may differ from that of your country, and by providing your Information you consent to the use of your Information for purposes identified under this Privacy Policy.
Updates to this Policy.
We may change this privacy policy from time to time to bring in new security measures (if required) or to comply with applicable laws and shall be updating this page accordingly.
You should check this page periodically to ensure that you accept and are compliant with the amended privacy policy your continued use of this website will constitute your agreement to this privacy policy and any amendments thereto.
If at any time You have questions or concerns about the privacy policy, please feel free to email us.
Solutions for the digitally connected customer.
IGZY's unified IoT Platform gives you control over safety, security, convenience, and efficiency for your business.
Industries.
Banking.
Warehousing.
Restaurants.
Retail.
Healthcare.
Industrial.
Hospitality.
Manufacturing.
Other Enterprises.
Small Business.
Retail.
Salon Surveillance.
Server Room.
Cloud Kitchen.
Education Center.
Automotive Services.
Diagnostic Center.
Important links.
Solution for Home.
Solution for Business.
Become a Partner.
Unified Platform.
Cloud vs Local Storage.
Other Links.
About Us.
Contact Us.
Careers.
Terms & Conditions.
Privacy Policy.
IGZY Technologies Pvt Ltd.
76-B, Udyog Vihar, Phase-IV, Gurugram, Haryana- 122001.
[email protected].
(+91)-9877098771.
Copyright © 2022 | IGZY | All Rights Reserved.
OVERCOMING TRADITIONAL LIMITATIONS WITH.
E-SURVEILLANCE SOLUTIONS.
