Product.
Success Stories.
Newsroom.
About Us.
EN.
DE.
AI-IoT Service made for machinery and industrial processes.
Engineering knowledge incorporated into AI-Service.
Industrial Analytics uses first principle models and vibration sensors to provide innovative services.
Our AI assisted event management annotates and classifies events.
AI-IoT Service.
Connecting sensors to servers.
AI algorithms generate actionable insights.
IoT Platform.
Integration in any platform.
Control System (DCS).
Existing data is used in our AI-IoT service.
Edge Device Vibration.
Data acquisition and preprocessing.
Prescriptive Maintenance AI-IoT Service.
Our AI-IoT service features anomaly detection using first principle models together with machine learning in order to assess machine health and maintenance conditions.
Our AI assisted event management and specialized dashboard provides actionable insights and recommendations.
Edge Device for Vibration Monitoring.
IoT enabled vibration analysis detects and  interprets shaft and casing vibrations in your asset fleet.
Anomaly detection and a diagnosis dashboard add vibration analysis to the solution.
Optimization.
Optimization using evolutionary algorithms.
Pareto optimization, Design of Experiment (DoEs) and many more classic engineering  tools quickly allow insights into complex trade-offs.
By loading the video, you agree to YouTube's privacy policy.
Learn more.
Load video.
Always unblock YouTube.
Improved planning, faster incidence response time, reliable productionLess unplanned downtime.
Less unplanned downtime.
More transparency for decision-making, improved maintenance intervals, saved turnaround costsLess maintenance costs.
Less maintenance costs.
Simple and intuitive user designLess effort for monitoring.
Less effort for monitoring.
Improved workflows and procedures, increased depth of information and interoperability More productivity.
More productivity.
Improved planning, faster incidence response time, reliable productionLess unplanned downtime.
Less unplanned downtime.
More transparency for decision-making, improved maintenance intervals, saved turnaround costsLess maintenance costs.
Less maintenance costs.
Simple and intuitive user designLess effort for monitoring.
Less effort for monitoring.
Improved workflows and procedures, increased depth of information and interoperability More productivity.
More productivity.
“Security of continuous supply is the highest priority for us.
With the help of Industrial Analytics we can use the additional knowledge about our machines to flexibly schedule maintenance measures and save costs.
”.
Tatiana van Tilburg Londoño, Head of Monitoring.
“Our goal is to secure our competitiveness with the help of innovative, digital services and to further extend our lead.
The solution from Industrial Analytics increases operational reliability and transparency in the maintenance process.
”.
Ekkehard Körner, Innovation Manager.
“For us, the potential of digitization is on the one hand the automation of work steps, but above all the preservation of (specialist) knowledge.
Industrial Analytics supports us in system monitoring so we can optimize the production process and reduce our maintenance costs.
”.
Frank Stargardt, Head of Contractors.
Prescriptive Maintenance in Power Plants.
What are the benefits of IoT enabled Vibration Analysis.
How can a state of the art system for plant maintenance look like which uses AI, a dedicated dashboard and is integrated in existing infrastructure.
The paper shows how the innovative technology is used in power plants.
Retrofitting of Vibration Monitoring in a Wastewater Treatment Plant.
Have you been thinking about retrofitting sensor technology recently to your plant.
This allows you not only to get more information on your equipment, but also to extend its lifetime.
Get more insights with this whitepaper.
Prescriptive Maintenance in Refineries.
How can a state of the art system look like which uses AI, a dedicated dashboard and is integrated in existing infrastructure.
The paper shows how the innovative technology is used in a refinery.
This plant is a powerhouse for chemical production in the Eastern Germany.
Corporate startup collaboration boosts innovation.
If you want to find out how you can boost innovation as a corporate, this one is for you.
It highlights how our tech stack can be applied in cross-industrial challenges in order to bring you forward.
Book a demo with our experts.
Within a 30 min appointment, we will give you a quick intro depending on your area of interest and covering your questions.
We will demonstrate our solution and will develop a solution for your business.
Product.
Success Stories.
About Us.
LinkedIn.
YouTube.
Newsroom.
Unsolicited application (m/f/d).
Contact.
Privacy Policy.
Legal Notice.
General terms and conditions.
Product.
Success Stories.
Newsroom.
About Us.
