SolutionsTraceCollectSecureIneo-LabsSensor Success Stories.
Trace.
Collect.
Secure.
Ineo-Labs.
Sensor Success Stories.
Clover insideClover-CoreClover-NetHow it works.
Clover-Core.
Clover-Net.
How it works.
Devices.
Blog.
Career & TrainingJobsTrainings.
Jobs.
Trainings.
Contact.
Privacy Policy.
The data controller is Ineo-Sense (referred to in this policy as “Ineo-Sense”, “we” or “us”).
Ineo-Sense is committed to doing the right thing when it comes to how we collect, use and protect information that identifies or is associated with you as a real person (“personal data”).
This is why we have developed this privacy, which.
Outlines the types of personal data that we collect.
Explains how and why we collect and use your personal data.
Explains why and when we will share personal data within Ineo-Sense and with other organizations (suppliers and manufacturers).
and.
Explains the rights and choices you have when it comes to your personal data.
Which data are collected.
This section describes the personal data we may collect from you when you use our services.
When you contact us, any time Ineo-Sense contacts you, we may collect the following information.
User identification data (surname, first name and email address).
Service usage data (IP address).
Correspondence between Ineo-Sense and users.
You are free to choose which information you want to provide to us, or whether you want to provide us with information at all.
However, some information, such as your name and telephone number, is necessary to process your request.
By not providing this information, you will not be able to contact us through our website.
Which use.
Ineo-Sense processes your data in accordance with all applicable data protection laws, and to the best of our ability, we adhere to the principles of those complex laws.
We process your data for the purposes explained to you in this Data Privacy Policy.
These are mainly used to reply to your contact request.
The most important purposes are.
Non-promotional communication with you on technical, security-related and contractually relevant subjects (e.
g.
fraud warnings, account blocking or product recall).
Answer the questions asked in the contact form,.
Production of anonymous statistics on the number of visitors to our Site,.
In order to communicate to you information relating to our company and its activity, its participation in trade fairs, its products and / or services and commercial prospecting messages,.
Carrying out, with your agreement, of surveys and polls.
Production of statistics on the use of the service.
Who will use your data.
Depending on their respective needs, all or part of the data is addressed to the staff of Ineo-Sense and the service provider in charge of managing the site.
In any case, INEO-SENSE only transmits your personal data to a third party when.
You have given us your prior consent to share this information, or.
INEO-SENSE must share this information with third parties to provide you with the service you request, or.
INEO-SENSE is summoned by a judicial authority or any other administrative authority to communicate the information to it.
Automated decision making.
There is no automated decision making in our process.
Your rights.
Your privacy rights are important to Ineo-Sense.
New privacy laws and requirements are constantly being implemented around the globe, Ineo-Sense works to ensure that your privacy is protected regardless of who you are and where you are from.
We respect your privacy rights and manage your data according to your wishes.
Right of access (Right to know).
Manual right of access request.
If you would like to request to be erased and you do not have an email address, please write to.
Ineo-Sense.
125 Rue de l’hostellerie, Immeuble Ellipsis.
30900 Nîmes, FRANCE.
Email a right of access request.
If you prefer to make your request by email, please use this email .
Ineo-Sense will research your request and after verifying your identity, we will send you the requested information.
We want to make sure that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and up to date.
If any of the details are incorrect, please let us know and we will update them as necessary.
Right to erasure (Right to have your data deleted).
You have the right to erasure and to request the erasure of the personal data Ineo-Sense holds.
Manual right to be erased.
If you would like to request to be erased and you do not have an email address, please write to.
Ineo-Sense.
125 Rue de l’hostellerie, Immeuble Ellipsis.
30900 Nîmes, FRANCE.
Email a right to be erased.
If you prefer to make your request by email, please use this email address.
Ineo-Sense will perform the following process.
Ineo-Sense will erase your account (your personal data).
Ineo-Sense will remove your data from our marketing database.
Ineo-Sense will keep a record of your “request to be erased” and a log of when your data was erased from our systems.
Ineo-Sense will provide you with a verification email that personal data has been erased from our systems.
Other Rights.
Right to rectification.
The right to obtain rectification of your personal information without undue delay where that personal information is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to restriction.
The right to obtain restriction of the processing undertaken by us on your personal information in certain circumstances, such as where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you, for a period of time enabling us to verify the accuracy of that personal information.
Right to object.
You have a right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation.
You can object to marketing activities for any reason.
Right to submit a complaint.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.
If you wish to exercise any other of your rights, please write to us at.
Ineo-Sense.
125 Rue de l’hostellerie, Immeuble Ellipsis.
30900 Nîmes, FRANCE.
You can also email us at .
Marketing and Market Research.
Ineo-Sense will send you relevant news, offers and surveys about our products and services in a number of ways including by email, but only if you have previously agreed to receive these marketing communications.
Your email preferences can be managed through Ineo-Sense’s customer service.
We also like to hear your views to help us to improve our services, so we may contact you for market research purposes.
You always have the choice whether or not to take part in our market research.
We want you to understand your rights and choices regarding how we may use your personal information.
Depending on how you choose to manage your information, these rights and choices may include the following.
How to control your communications preferences.
You can stop receiving promotional email communications from us by clicking on the “unsubscribe link” provided in our communications.
We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests.
and.
Modifying or deleting your information.
If you have any questions about reviewing, modifying or deleting your information, you can contact us directly at .
Non-Discrimination.
Ineo-Sense provides equal service to all our customers.
The exercise of your privacy rights in no way changes our service to you, our customer.
Sale of customer data.
We want you to be confident that your data is safe and secure.
Ineo-Sense does not sell customer information.
Ineo-Sense does not share or sell distribution lists, marketing lists, or customer lists.
Retention and Protection of Data.
We care about the security of your information and employ physical, administrative and technological safeguards designed to preserve the integrity and security of information collected on our website and customer service.
We have in place regular backups, firewalls and encryption of data exchanges.
We will store personal information for 3 years to fulfil the business purposes fully outlined in this policy, in accordance with our legal obligations and the performance of contracts.
If an order is placed, we will keep your information for 10 years from the last day of business.
International Transfer of Data.
Ineo-Sense only uses your data in France.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions about this policy, the Ineo-Sense website, or Ineo-Sense’s services, please contact us by email at.
or by post at.
Ineo-Sense.
125 Rue de l’hostellerie, Immeuble Ellipsis.
30900 Nîmes, FRANCE.
Changes to this Policy.
INEO-SENSE may be required to modify Privacy Policy.
We will ensure that you are informed of these changes either by a special mention on our site, or by a personalized warning, in particular in the context of our newsletters.
The creation of hypertext links to the Site can only be done with the prior written authorization of INEO-SENSE, which may be revoked at any time.
INEO-SENSE declines all responsibility for the content of sites linked to the Site.
INEO-SENSE informs visitors to the Site that these conditions may be modified at any time.
These modifications come into force as soon as they are put online and are deemed to have been accepted without reserve by any visitor who accesses the Site after they are put online.
It is therefore up to all visitors before browsing the Site, to carefully read these conditions.
The present conditions are governed by French law.
French courts have territorial jurisdiction to hear any dispute relating to the use of the Site.
Company.
INEO-SENSE, SA.
125 Rue de l’hostellerie, Immeuble Ellipsis.
30900 Nîmes.
Phone.
+33 4 66 27 64 95.
Website host.
OVH, SAS.
2 rue Kellermann.
59100 Roubaix.
About us.
We provide industrial wireless sensor solutions….
Our products help you harvest relevant information from your equipments, even out in the wild.
They don’t need much power, and they don’t cost the moon either.
© Ineo-Sense 2014-2021.
Quick Links.
Home.
Solutions.
Clover.
Devices.
Who are we.
General terms and Conditions of sale.
Terms and Conditions of Use of the site.
Privacy Policy.
Recent posts.
✨ D-5 before the IOT Solutions World Congress in Barcelona.
15 days before SITL 2022.
Trade Fair Agenda – 1st part.
2022 | Price Adjustment.
Happy new year 2022 ✨.
Contact.
