Our servicesarboricity™InflowSys™.
arboricity™.
InflowSys™.
Case studies.
About usAbout InflowmatixA SUEZ companyOur clientsMeet the teamCareers.
About Inflowmatix.
A SUEZ company.
Our clients.
Meet the team.
Careers.
News.
Contact Us.
Privacy Policy.
At Inflowmatix, we understand that we have a responsibility to protect and respect your privacy and look after your personal data.
This Privacy Notice, explains what personal data we collect, how we use your personal data, reasons we may need to disclose your personal data to others and how we store your personal data securely.
Data Protection law came into affect on 25 May 2018.
This Privacy Notice sets out your rights under the new laws.
Who are we.
Inflowmatix is committed to helping water network operators control pressures and optimise their services including resilience, asset management, leakage and water quality in order to keep their customers supplied.
How do we collect personal data from you.
We receive information about you from you when you use our website, complete forms on our website, if you contact us by phone, email, live-chat or otherwise in respect of any of our products and services or during the purchasing of any such product.
What type of data do we collect from you.
The personal data that we may collect from you includes.
Personal details (name, address, email, phone number).
Financial info.
Business activities of the person whose details we are processing.
IP addresses.
We may also keep details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current.
Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
How do we use your data.
We use information about you in the following ways.
To process orders that you have submitted to us.
To provide you with products and services.
To comply with our contractual obligations we have with you.
To help us identify you and any accounts you hold with us.
To enable us to review, develop and improve the website and services.
To provide customer care, including responding to your requests if you contact us with a query.
To administer accounts, process payments and keep track of billing and payments.
To detect fraud and to make sure what you have told us is correct.
To carry out marketing and statistical analysis.
To notify you about changes to our website and services.
To provide you with information about products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To inform you of service and price changes.
How we use Cookies.
It is possible that we may gather information regarding your computer for our services.
This collection of data is used for statistical analysis about our website for use by us or our advertisers.
Any information shared will not identify who you are, but rather be mathematical data about our visitors and their use on our site.
The data does not give out any personal details.
Cookies may be used to gather this general internet data.
When used, cookies are downloaded to your computer without prompting.
The cookie file is stored on your hard drive, where files are transferred to.
This information helps us improve our site and services to you.
All computers can block cookies by activating proper browser settings.
There is a place to enable you to decline cookies under the options menu.
Please note if you decline cookies you may experience limited access to certain areas of our site.
Advertisers can use cookies, which we do not control.
If cookies are used they will be downloaded if you click on any advertisement we have on this site.
Retention periods.
We will keep your personal data for the duration of the period you are a customer of Inflowmatix.
How we keep your data secure.
We limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know.
They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
Who has access to your personal data.
Domains.
We process your data for administration, billing, support and the provision of services.
Webhosting.
We process your data for administration, billing, support and the provision of services.
Email hosting.
We process your data for administration, billing, support and the provision of services.
SSL certificates.
We process your data for administration, billing, support and the provision of services.
Additionally, to provide details of the certificate owner to the certificate authority for its authentication and use.
Third Parties.
For the avoidance of doubt, we do not and never shall sell your personal data to third parties for marketing or advertising purposes.
We may pass your personal data to third parties for the provision of services on our behalf.
However, we will only ever share information about you that is necessary to provide the service.
Your rights.
If you would like us to remove you from our database entirely, let us know and we shall remove the information you ask us to.
We aim to comply with all data requests within 14 days.
Occasionally it may take us longer if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests.
In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights).
This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
We may also contact you to ask you further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Liability.
We agree to take reasonable measures to protect your data in accordance with applicable laws and in accordance with our General Terms and Conditions.
Data Breaches.
In the event of a data breach, we shall ensure that our obligations under applicable data protection laws are complied with where necessary.
Contact us.
Please e-mail any questions or comments you have about privacy to us at .
Your right to make a complaint.
You have the right to make a complaint about how we process your personal data to the Information Commissioner.
Information Commissioner’s OfficeWycliffe HouseWater LaneWilmslowCheshireSK9 5AF.
Tel.
0303 123 1113.
Our clients.
Inflowmatix, a SUEZ company, designs, builds and consults on the implementation of solutions that enable water utilities to monitor, understand and optimise the performance of their networks.
Get in Touch.
Make an enquiry+44 (0) 2381 550 .
Join the .
Inflowmatix Ltd.
1 Venture Road,Southampton Science Park,Hampshire, SO16 7NP,United Kingdom.
Navigation.
arboricity™.
InflowSys™.
Case studies.
News.
Contact Us.
About Inflowmatix.
A SUEZ company.
Our clients.
Meet the Team.
Jargon Buster.
Careers.
test.
Environmental Policy.
Quality Policy.
Privacy Policy.
Contact Us.
Modern Slavery Statement.
