ProductsMobile Plant MaintenanceMobile Work InstructionsMobile Warehouse ManagementDigital Inspections and ChecklistsFixed Asset TrackingOperator RoundsPlanning and Scheduling.
Mobile Plant Maintenance.
Mobile Work Instructions.
Mobile Warehouse Management.
Digital Inspections and Checklists.
Fixed Asset Tracking.
Operator Rounds.
Planning and Scheduling.
SolutionsConnected Worker PlatformExtended Warehouse Management.
Connected Worker Platform.
Extended Warehouse Management.
IndustriesOil & GasUtilitiesChemicalsMining & MetalsManufacturingOther.
Oil & Gas.
Utilities.
Chemicals.
Mining & Metals.
Manufacturing.
Other.
ResourcesContent CenterBlogEventsProduct Tours.
Content Center.
Blog.
Events.
Product Tours.
CompanyCareersNewsSupport.
Careers.
News.
Support.
Privacy Policy.
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE.
BY ACCESSING THE SITE YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE .
PRIVACY NOTICE.
INTRODUCTION.
Innovapptive Inc.
, including its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates, (collectively “Innovapptive”) is committed to protecting your privacy.
This statement details the steps we take to protect your personal information when you visit our websites or use an online application that contains a link to this statement (collectively, the “sites”).
This statement also covers information we receive when you contact us (e.
g.
, to submit a comment or query or to seek support with one of our products or services).
It describes the personal information that we collect, the purposes for which we use such information and your choices regarding our use of it.
The steps we take to protect your personal information and how you can review and correct your personal information are also covered here.
By accessing our sites or providing us your information when you contact us, you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this privacy statement.
For purposes of this statement, “personal information” means information that identifies a particular individual, such as name, postal address, email address or phone number.
When other information, such as email newsletter choices, product purchases or consumer product preferences, is associated with personal information, this other information also becomes personal information.
DATA COLLECTION.
When visiting our website, you are not required to provide any personal data.
Innovapptive relies on consent or other lawful principles established for data collection under applicable laws.
Therefore, you have the option to abstain from providing personal data when visiting publicly available portions of the website.
However, when registering for an event, subscribing to receive Innovapptive’s marketing materials or when purchasing or using Innovapptive’s products or services or in other circumstances, you may be required to provide some or all of the personal data listed below.
If you have provided Innovapptive with your personal data, you may request from Innovapptive access to, correction of, blocking of and/or deletion of your personal data in line with applicable data protection law.
You may also withdraw your consent for Innovapptive to process your personal data.
Innovapptive collects additional non-personal data as described in the subsequent section of this Notice (Additional Data Collection Activities).
Any data collected may be used in Innovapptive’s business to provide you the products we offer and to aid in Innovapptive’s sales and marketing efforts, and may result in you being contacted by Innovapptive.
In some cases, contact information may be required for Innovapptive to create an account, enable delivery of materials requested on the website or to otherwise communicate with you.
This may include.
providing product or other requested information, making responses to inquiries, registration for Innovapptive events, and distributions for marketing purposes.
You may also be able to register for Innovapptive services through the website.
For the purposes mentioned above, Innovapptive may collect the following personal data about you.
Full name.
Company name.
Company location.
Position in company.
Department.
Billing information.
Telephone number.
Email address.
To facilitate its sales and marketing efforts, Innovapptive may combine the personal data you provide with information that is not collected directly from you.
Data not provided directly by you may be supplied by Innovapptive’s vendors that support its sales and marketing efforts.
Innovapptive uses automated processing within its internal systems to optimize its sales and marketing activities.
We will retain your personal information as needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected.
Personal data collected under this Notice is retained as long as you continue to interact with Innovapptive’s Sales and Marketing Teams or we have a legitimate business interest to retain your data.
ADDITIONAL DATA COLLECTION ACTIVITIES (AUTOMATIC INFORMATION).
Innovapptive automatically receives and records information about the use of the website either directly or through third party tracking utility providers.
This may include cookies, IP addresses, your browser type, operating system version, language settings, which locally installed Innovapptive applications you use (if any) and how you use them, the web page you were visiting immediately prior to visiting our website, pages of our website that you visited, the time spent on those pages, information you searched for on our website, access times and dates, and other statistics.
This data is not combined with your personal data collected directly from you.
Innovapptive utilizes cookies on its website.
Innovapptive uses IP addresses to help diagnose problems and to administer the Innovapptive website.
When you visit our Website, we recognize only your domain name and not your e-mail address.
We will see your e-mail address only if you provide it or send us an e-mail message.
Innovapptive does not ask you for, access or track any location based information from your device.
If Innovapptive wishes to do so in the future to enhance our website, Innovapptive will specifically ask your permission.
As stated above, the collection of personal data is not required for accessing this website.
However, Innovapptive collects the additional data for the maintenance and optimization of its website.
COOKIES AND WEB BEACONS.
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which is downloaded to your hard disk or to your browser’s memory when you visit one of Innovapptive’s sites.
Cookies are useful because they help arrange the content and layout of our sites and allow us to recognize those computers or other devices that have been to our sites before.
Cookies do many different jobs, such as allowing our websites to remember your preference settings and helping us to enhance the usability and performance of our sites and your experience using them.
Our sites also may contain electronic images known as web beacons – sometimes called single-pixel gifs – that allow us to count the number of users who have visited specific pages.
We may include web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.
Cookie categories.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
Innovapptive may share personal information with its affiliates and with vendors working on our behalf as necessary to complete your requests and to provide you Innovapptive products and services.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
We may also share data when required by law or to respond to legal process.
Innovapptive, its affiliates, and/or the vendors may be located in countries that are not considered to provide an adequate level of data protection as established by the European Data Protection Directive (95/46/EG) or the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (GDPR), including the United States.
Where required under applicable law, Innovapptive will implement appropriate measures to secure the data transfers in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Such measure may include use of the Model Clauses or the Privacy Shield Framework.
COMMUNICATIONS.
Registration is not required to gain access to the Website, but there are portions of the Site that require a password.
Do not reveal your password to other parties and please remember that the software is case sensitive.
SECURITY.
Innovapptive uses standard industry measures to ensure the security of any personal information you provide.
Unfortunately, there is no guarantee that information transmitted over the Internet is absolutely secure.
Therefore, although Innovapptive takes reasonable measures to ensure your data, we cannot guarantee the security of your transmissions and you do so at your own risk.
After transmission, we will use industry standard measures to secure your information.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY.
Innovapptive encourages parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities.
Our Services are not aimed at people under 18 and Innovapptive does not knowingly collect personal information from children without appropriate parental or guardian consent.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us.
If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
INNOVAPPTIVE CUSTOMERS.
Innovapptive may also collect personal data from customers as required to provide support and delivery of Innovapptive products and services.
If you have an agreement in place with Innovapptive for specific Innovapptive products or services, that agreement takes priority over this Notice.
a customer’s use of Innovapptive or an affiliate’s products and services is governed by the terms of the contract between Innovapptive or an affiliate and the customer.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE.
Innovapptive may update this Privacy Notice from time to time.
If we modify this Privacy Notice, we will post the revised version here.
We may also provide notification of material changes by other means such as posting a notice on our website.
Revised.
19 May 2018.
Products.
Connected Worker Platform.
Mobile Plant Maintenance.
Mobile Warehouse Management.
Digital Inspections and Checklists.
Fixed Asset Tracking.
Operator Rounds.
Solutions.
Connected Worker Platform.
Extended Warehouse Management.
INDUSTRIES.
Oil & Gas.
Utilities.
Chemicals.
Mining & Metals.
Manufacturing.
Other.
Company.
About Us.
Blog.
Leadership.
Careers.
Partners.
Support.
Contact.
