HOW IT WORKS.
SOLUTIONSTelecommunications.
Telecommunications.
INSIGHT.
CASE STUDIES.
ABOUT USMeet The TeamOur Partners & Investors.
Meet The Team.
Our Partners & Investors.
LOGIN.
CONTACT US.
Privacy Policy.
We are committed to protecting the privacy of the individuals who visit our websites, (“Visitors”) inspection2.
ai, including all subdomains (“Websites”) and users of any version of our software (“Service”) who are registered, subscribed, or using our Service under an agreement with us (“Users”) (collectively “you”).
This Privacy Policy applies to you and to the Inspection2 company, trading as Visasset Ltd, Aldwych House, 71-91 Aldwych, Holborn, London WC2B 4HN, United Kingdom (collectively “Inspection2,” “us”, or “we”).
This Privacy Policy sets forth Inspection2’s policy with respect to information, including personally identifiable information (“Personal Data”) and other information collected from Visitors and Users.
This Privacy Policy is also relevant to any Personal Data or other information collected from contacts via tools, events, or hosted content on other platforms.
This policy describes the information we receive and process and how it is used.
Please review this Privacy Policy carefully.
Any use of information or Personal Data received from you shall always be limited to the following purposes.
(i) helping us improve our websites.
(ii) helping us improve our Service.
(iii) helping us engage with you about our Service.
(iv) helping us provide our Service to you and others.
and (v) helping us provide support for the Service to you and others.
We will not sell any of your information or Personal Data.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.
BY ACCESSING THIS WEBSITE, YOU ACCEPT AND CONSENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
1.
The Website.
This website and its owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience.
This website complies to all UK national laws and requirements for user privacy.
2.
Information We Receive From You.
When you register as a User, certain information such as name, company name, contact telephone number, and email address may be collected.
When a Visitor contacts us and/or requests information about our Service, we will collect each Visitor’s email address and some other contact information in order to fulfil the Visitor’s request.
We may also ask Visitors for their name, company name, telephone number, and email address.
We may also ask questions about your company, job, and professional background.
As you browse our Websites, your browser may send log data which may include your IP address, browser type, browser version, pages visited, time and date of visit, time spent on those pages, and referring pages, among other information.
If you are a User, we may collect Personal Data from you in order to properly register you or issue you a license to use our Service or to service a support request from you relating to our Service.
This may include name, company name, email address, job title, department, IP address, and usage information relating to our Service.
We may also send Service-related notifications or announcements to your email address if you are a User.
Please note that any data that you upload or connect to using our Service is NOT collected or transferred to us at any time.
If you wish to subscribe to a newsletter via our Websites or access other content from our Websites, we will collect Personal Data, such as your name and email address, in order to send you the newsletter.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following unsubscribe instructions included in each of these emails, or you can contact us at hello(at)inspection2.
ai We may also collect Personal Data from you if you contact us through third parties, services including but not limited to.
(i) chatting with us through our Websites.
(ii) joining any of our groups.
(iii) registering or attending any of our events.
(iv) responding to our surveys.
(v) submitting support tickets.
Any third party that collects your information will have their own privacy policies governing how they use and protect your information.
We encourage you to read those privacy policies.
We may collect Personal Data, including name, email address, and company name from people who attend our events or third-party events which we attend.
This information is generally collected using a lead scanner or other means with each individual’s consent.
From time to time, we may also collect Personal Data from third parties who host our content on other platforms.
These third parties may collect Personal Data from people who view our content and are interested in Inspection2 and provide some of the Personal Data to us in the course of qualifying leads.
Personal Data collected by these third parties is subject to the privacy policies of the respective third parties.
Any personal data that is sent to us as qualified leads will be processed according to this Privacy Policy.
If you send Personal Data to us, we will only process it for the specific purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise directed by you.
Any incidental transmission of Personal Data to us is at your own risk.
To the extent you provide credit card information through our Service or Websites, that information is collected and processed by our third-party payment processor pursuant to their own privacy policy and practices.
3.
Sensitive Data.
We will not intentionally collect or maintain, do not want you to provide, and will never ask you for, any information regarding medical or health condition, race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs or any other sensitive information.
4.
How We Use Information We Receive.
We use the information and Personal Data collected to help us provide and support our Websites and Service.
The information is used to verify accounts and activity, and to promote security on our Service and Websites, including investigating suspicious activity or violations of any of our terms or policies or agreements which you may have entered into with us.
We use any information and Personal Data collected to.
Provide you with information about our Service.
Provide licenses or register you to use our Service.
Provide you with customer support for our Service.
Send you questionnaires and surveys that allow us to improve our Service.
Allow you to apply for positions at Inspection2.
Customise our communications (emails, newsletters, etc.
) and our Websites according to your preferences (allowing you to request specific information about our products and services, for example).
Provide the opportunity for you to download our product documentation or any other communications available on our Websites from Inspection2 and/or third-party partners (for example white papers, etc.
).
Allow you to make a request for a demo of our Service.
Enable you to register for events organised by us and/or in collaboration with others.
Allow us to carry out obligations relating to any agreements entered into with Users and/or their companies.
Allow us to collect usage statistics for internal analytics relating to our Service in order to improve the Service and provide better support.
Notify you of changes to our Service and Websites.
and.
If applicable, allow you to transfer information to a third-party.
We justify our processing of Personal Data on the following legal bases.
performing our obligations under a contract with you.
performing a legal obligation to which we are subject, which may include certain legal or regulatory requirements.
pursuing our legitimate interests and those of third parties.
A legitimate interest will apply only where we consider that it is not outweighed by an individual’s interests or rights which require protection of their Personal Data.
Our legitimate interests are the following.
improvement and management of the Websites and the Services.
We may also analyse information collected from you to create a profile of your interests and preferences so we can tailor how we contact you or send you information about our Service that is more relevant to you.
If additional information about you is available from external sources, we may use it to assist with this.
Your information may also be used to help us identify general trends.
In certain circumstances, where you do not provide Personal Data which is required (for example, for us to register you to use our Service), we will not be able to provide the Service under our contract with you or may not be able to comply with a legal obligation on us.
We will make it clear if and when this situation arises and what the consequences of not providing the personal data will be.
5.
How And Why We Share Information.
We may work with third-party companies who are partner organisations working on our behalf, or sub-processors, who help us complete tasks (such as qualifying leads) and provide services to you.
However, when we share any information with these partner organisations, we only disclose information and Personal Data to the minimum extent necessary to support our business and provide our Service, including providing technical infrastructure services, analysing how our Service is used, providing customer service, or conducting research and surveys.
These sub-processors adhere to strict data processing obligations consistent with our Service, this Privacy Policy, any applicable legislation, and the respective agreement(s) we enter into with them.
We will not make your information, including Personal Data, available to any other parties except as provided in this Privacy Policy or otherwise only with your explicit consent.
We will not sell, rent, exchange or share your information, including Personal Data with any third parties, without your prior permission, for any other purpose than the ones you requested or signed up for.
If we are ever involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your information, including Personal Data may be transferred to the acquiring entity.
You will be notified of any impact with respect to any processing or of your information, including Personal Data, as well as any choices you may have regarding such changes.
We may also share your information within the family of companies that make up Inspection2, but only to the extent required to provide our Service or to respond to Visitor requests and needs.
All entities making up Inspection2 will process any information and Personal Data received under all applicable law.
6.
Retention.
We will retain information, including Personal Data of Users and Visitors for as long as needed to provide our Service or respond to requests.
We only retain and use the information and Personal Data as necessary to comply with our agreements, legal obligations, and the resolution of any disputes.
7.
Requests To Manage Or Delete Information.
If you want to access, correct, delete, or transfer any information you have provided, you may send a request to Inspection2 at hello(at)inspection2.
ai and we will respond and address your request within 30 days.
This also applies to your right.
(i) to be informed.
(ii) of access.
(iii) to rectification.
(iv) to erasure.
(v) to restrict processing.
(vi) to data portability.
(vii) to object).
(vii) not to be subject to automated decision-making and (viii) to determine guidelines as to the use of your Personal Data after your death.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
8.
Legal Requests Relating To Your Information.
We may share your information in response to investigations, court orders, or other regulatory, governmental, or judicial requests.
We may also share your information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action against illegal activities, violations of Inspection2’s Terms of Use or a separate agreement you may have entered into with us, or as otherwise required by law.
9.
Logs, Cookies, Behavioural Marketing.
We gather certain information in log files about your use of our Websites, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Websites and store it in log files.
We may also log or monitor information about your access to our Service, but this does not include any Personal Data.
Cookies are small data files stored on your device that help us improve our Websites and your experience browsing our Websites, see which areas and features of our Websites are popular.
We may also from time to time use web beacons, which are electronic images that may be used in our emails to help deliver cookies, count visits and understand usage and campaign effectiveness.
Web browsers are usually set to accept cookies by default.
You may choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies, but this may affect your experience visiting our Websites.
We sometimes allow third parties to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf throughout the Internet.
These entities may use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Websites and other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked and conversion information.
This information may be used by Inspection2 and its service providers to, among other things, analyse and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests regarding our Service and other websites and better understand your online activity.
We may also work with other websites or platforms to serve ads to you as part of a customised campaign unless you notify us that you prefer not to have information about you used in this way.
Please note if you opt-out, you will continue to receive generic ads.
10.
European Economic Area.
Information, including Personal Data, collected within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) may be transferred to countries outside of the EEA for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
We believe and follow the principles under European Union law, and we obtain not only your consent to legitimise data transfers from the EEA to the United States and other countries but also have in place agreements containing Standard Contractual Clauses or other appropriate safeguards established by the European Commission.
You can contact us with questions or concerns regarding any transfer of your information or Personal Data to jurisdictions outside the EEA.
11.
Children.
Our Websites and Service are not designed for or directed at individuals under the age of thirteen (13) or minors as defined by local laws or regulations.
We will never intentionally collect or maintain information about individuals considered children or minors.
If we are notified about any collection of information about individuals considered children or minors, we will take all appropriate measures to investigate and, if necessary, delete that information.
12.
Changes To This Privacy Policy.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time.
Please come back to check for the update.
AI-powered asset management, data analytics and reporting software automating industrial inspection.
SOLUTION.
How It Works.
Telecommunications.
Power Transmission.
Oil & Gas Offshore.
Oil & Gas Onshore.
Enterprise Solution.
RESOURCES.
Insight.
Case Studies.
COMPANY.
Meet The Team.
Partners & Investors.
FOLLOW US.
Follow.
Follow.
Follow.
Pin It on Pinterest.
LinkedIn.
Twitter.
Facebook.
Pinterest.
reddit.
Gmail.
Yahoo Mail.
Print Friendly.
Like.
