ProductsOur ecosystemIT securityRouters & gatewaysEdge Computingicom Data SuiteIndividual programmingManaged ServicesVPN serviceM2M SIM serviceDevice managementE-mobility solutionsCustomised solutions.
Our ecosystem.
IT security.
Routers & gateways.
Edge Computingicom Data SuiteIndividual programming.
icom Data Suite.
Individual programming.
Managed ServicesVPN serviceM2M SIM serviceDevice management.
VPN service.
M2M SIM service.
Device management.
E-mobility solutions.
Customised solutions.
VerticalsPlant and mechanical engineeringMonitoring of IT and OTMobile quality assuranceNew service modelsWater and environmental technologyWater supplyEnergy sectorEnergy/gas networksRenewable energiesBuilding technologyBuilding managementSmart CityProperty managementCustomer references.
Plant and mechanical engineeringMonitoring of IT and OTMobile quality assuranceNew service models.
Monitoring of IT and OT.
Mobile quality assurance.
New service models.
Water and environmental technologyWater supply.
Water supply.
Energy sectorEnergy/gas networksRenewable energies.
Energy/gas networks.
Renewable energies.
Building technologyBuilding managementSmart CityProperty management.
Building management.
Smart City.
Property management.
Customer references.
PartnersINSYS icom Partner ProgramBecome a partnerFind a partnerLogin – Partner Portal.
INSYS icom Partner Program.
Become a partner.
Find a partner.
Login – Partner Portal.
CompanyContactAbout usCareersHistory.
Contact.
About us.
Careers.
History.
SupportTechnical supportTrainingDocumentation and DownloadsSecurity Advisories.
Technical support.
Training.
Documentation and Downloads.
Security Advisories.
Login.
Contact.
ENDEFRCZATCH.
DE.
FR.
CZ.
AT.
CH.
Login.
The iCS - VPN is a remote access service for simple and secure networking of sites, systems or mobile devices via a VPN network.
The iRM enables rollouts of device firmware, configurations, security certificates and applications including logging.
Here you get access to our Partner Portal – become a part of our network now.
3G network shutdown.
In 6 steps, we show you how to prepare your plant for the future.
Are you dependent on accessing your machines fast and have data transmitted reliably.
Then don’t takes risks with the upcoming 3G network shutdown and act now.
Learn in our free mailing series, how the switch-off might not only be a risk, but also a great opportunity for improved efficiency and cost saving.
We take data protection seriously.
The protection of your private sphere when processing personal data is extremely important to us.
Should you visit our website, our web servers save the IP address of your Internet service provider, the website from which you visit us, our websites which you visit and the date and duration of the visit as standard.
This information is absolutely necessary for the technical transfer of the website and for the secure operation of the server.
No personalised evaluation of this data takes place.
Should you send us data via a contact form, this data is saved on our servers in the course of data backup.
Your data is only used by us in order to process your matter.
Your data is treated with the strictest confidence.
Your data is not forwarded on to third parties.
Responsible division of contact.
INSYS MICROELECTRONICS GmbHHermann-Köhl-Str.
2293049 RegensburgGERMANY.
P +49 941 .
Personal data.
Personal data is data which concerns your person.
This includes your name, address and email address.
You are also not required to disclose personal data in order to visit our Internet site.
In a small number of cases, we require your name and address, as well as additional information, so that we can provide you with the requested service.
The same applies in case we provide you with requested information or when we answer your queries.
In such cases, we will always inform you of this.
Otherwise, we only save the data which you have provided us with automatically or voluntarily.
Should you use one of our servers, we generally only collect the data which is necessary in order to provide you with our service.
We may request further information from you, which you may provide voluntarily.
Whenever we process personal data, we do this in order to be able to provide you with our service or in order to pursue our commercial objectives.
Server log files.
The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us.
These are.
Date and time of the request.
Name of the requested file.
Page from which the file was requested.
Access status (file transfer, file not found, etc.
)used web browser and operating system used.
full IP address of the requesting compute.
transferred amount of data.
A merge of this data with other data sources will not be done.
The processing is carried out in accordance with Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f DSGVO based on our legitimate interest in improving the stability and functionality of our website.
For reasons of technical security, in particular to ward off attacks on our web server, we store this data for a short time.
A conclusion to individual persons is not possible on the basis of this data.
After seven days at the latest, the data is anonymised by shortening the IP address at the domain level, so that it is no longer possible to relate to the individual user.
In anonymous form, the data is also processed for statistical purposes.
a comparison with other databases or a transfer to third parties, even in excerpts, does not take place.
Only in the context of our server statistics, which we publish every two years in our activity report, a representation of the number of page views takes place.
Cookies.
Change Cookie settings.
When you visit our website, we may store information on your computer in the form of cookies.
Cookies are small files that are transferred from an Internet server to your browser and stored on its hard disk.
Only the Internet Protocol address is stored here – no personal data.
This information, which is stored in the cookies, allows you to automatically recognize it the next time you visit our website, which will facilitate your use.
The legal basis for the use of cookies is the legitimate interest pursuant to Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f DSGVO.
Of course, you can also visit our website without accepting cookies.
If you do not want your computer to be recognized the next time you visit, you may also decline to use cookies by changing the settings in your browser to “decline cookies”.
The respective procedure can be found in the operating instructions of your respective browser.
If you refuse the use of cookies, however, it may lead to restrictions in the use of some areas of our websites.
Use of Google Analytics with anonymisation function.
We use Google Analytics on our website, a web analysis service of Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter referred to as “Google”.
Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”, text files which are saved on your computer and which enable an analysis of the use of the website by you.
The information which is generated by these cookies, such as time, location and frequency of your website visit, including your IP address, is transferred to Google in the USA and saved there.
We use Google Analytics on our website with the “_gat.
anonymizeIp” addition.
In such a case, your IP address is shortened by Google in Member States of the European Union or in other Members States of the European Economic Area and is anonymised as a result.
Google will use this information to evaluate your use of our site, in order to compile reports of the website activities for us and to provide further services which are connected to the use of the website and use of the Internet.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties, should this be required by law or should third parties process this data on behalf of Google.
According to information their declaration, Google will never combine your IP address with other data of Google.
You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly.
However we wish to point out that in such a case, you may not be able to fully use all functions of our website.
In addition, Google offers a deactivation add-on for the most up-to-date browsers, which gives you more control as to which data is recorded by Google in connection with the websites which you visit.
The add-on notifies the JavaScript (ga.
js) of Google Analytics that no information concerning the website visit should be transferred to Google Analytics.
The deactivation add-on for browsers of Google Analytics does not however prevent information being sent to us or other web analysis services which may be used by us.
Further information concerning the installation of the browser add-on can be obtained from the following link.
.
Should you visit our page from a mobile end device (smartphone or tablet), you will have to click this link instead, in order to prevent the tracking inside of this website by Google Analytics in the future.
This is also possible as an alternative to the browser add-on above.
By clicking on the link, an opt-out cookie is generated in your browser, which is only valid for this browser and this domain.
Should you delete the cookies in this browser, the opt-out cookie is also deleted, which means that you will have to click on the link once again.
”.
If you’ve consented to Google linking your web and app browsing history to your Google Account and using information from your Google Account to personalize your ads, Google will use your data with Google Analytics data to provide audience lists for Create cross-device remarketing.
To do this, Google Analytics will initially track your Google-authenticated ID associated with your Google Account (that is, personally identifiable information) on our website.
Afterwards, Google Analytics will temporarily link your ID with your Google Analytics data to optimize our audiences.
If you do not agree, you can opt-out of this through the “My Account” section of your Google Account.
YouTube in the extended data protection mode.
For the integration of videos we use the provider YouTube.
Videos are embedded in the extended data protection mode.
However, like most websites, YouTube also uses cookies to collect information about visitors to its website.
YouTube uses this information to collect video statistics, to prevent fraud and to improve user-friendliness.
This also creates a connection with the Google DoubleClick network.
When you start a video, this could trigger further data processing operations.
We have no control over such operations.
For more information about data protection on YouTube, please see the relevant privacy policy.
.
Web analysis service Matelso.
Our website uses a service provided by matelso GmbH, Stuttgart.
When you call a number switched for us by matelso, information about the telephone call is transferred to a web analysis service used by us (e.
g.
Google Analytics).
matelso also reads cookies set by our analysis service or other parameters of the website you visit, for example referrer, document path, remote user agent.
The corresponding information is processed by matelso according to our instructions and stored on servers in the EU.
You can find more information in the matelso privacy policy.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Mouseflow.
This website uses Mouseflow.
a website analytics tool that provides session replay, heatmaps, funnels, form analytics, feedback campaigns, and similar features/functionality.
Mouseflow may record your clicks, mouse movements, scrolling, form fills (keystrokes) in non-excluded fields, pages visited and content, time on site, browser, operating system, device type (desktop/tablet/phone), screen resolution, visitor type (first time/returning), referrer, anonymized IP address, location (city/country), language, and similar meta data.
Mouseflow does not collect any information on pages where it is not installed, nor does it track or collect information outside your web browser.
If you’d like to opt-out, you can do so at  If you’d like to obtain a copy of your data, make a correction, or have it erased, please contact us first or, as a secondary option, contact Mouseflow at .
Twitter Advertising.
Twitter (Twitter Inc.
, 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA) offers advertising services that use cookies or mobile device IDs or hash values ​​(irreversibly encoded numerical values) for email addresses used to recognize visitors to our website at its services in order to provide advertising relevant to the interests and preferences of the user.
These options can be restricted or denied in the settings of the Twitter account.
An opt-out is also possible via the page .
LinkedIn Insight Tag.
Our website uses the conversion tool “LinkedIn Insight Tag” of LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Gardner House, Wilton Plaza, Dublin 2, Ireland.
Each time one of our pages that contain LinkedIn functions is accessed, a connection to LinkedIn servers is established.
The tool creates a cookie in your web browser, which enables the collection of the following data, among others.
IP address, device and browser properties and page events (e.
g.
page views).
This data is encrypted, anonymised within seven days and the anonymised data is deleted within 90 days.
LinkedIn does not share any personal data with INSYS MICROELECTRONICS GmbH, but offers anonymised reports about the website target group and display performance.
In addition, LinkedIn offers the possibility of retargeting campaigns via the Insight Tag.
INSYS MICROELECTRONICS GmbH can use this data to display targeted advertising outside its website without identifying you as a website visitor.
Here you can find further information on the LinkedIn Insight Tag, as well as the LinkedIn privacy policy.
LinkedIn members can control the use of their personal data for advertising purposes in their account settings.
To deactivate the insight tag on our website (“opt-out”), click here.
GoToStage.
Description and purpose of the data processing.
On our website we offer the option of registering for our webinars.
For this purpose it is necessary for users to register with their personal data.
We use the services GoToWebinar and GoToStage from LogMeIn Ireland Limited The Reflector10 Hanover Quay Dublin 2, D02R573 Ireland.
The following personal information is requested during the registration process.
Email address.
First name and surname.
Telephone number.
Organisation.
Date and time of registration.
In addition to the data collected during registration, LogMeIn provides us with the following statistical information.
The percentage of time the content has been viewed.
How often the content has been viewed.
The date the content was last viewed.
This personal information is used by LogMeIn and MAIT for the participation in webinars (e.
g.
to provide an access link) and similar services, and to contact users to inform them about other MAIT Group services.
Consent to this is given by activating a checkbox.
In addition, the data is not passed on to third parties.
The use of the webinar services is also subject to the LogMeIn terms of use and .
Tidio Chat.
This website is using Tidio, a chat platform that connects users with the employees of INSYS MICROELECTRONICS GmbH.
We are collecting email addresses only with the consent of the users, in order to start the chat.
The messages and data exchanged are stored within the Tidio application.
For more information, please refer to the Privacy Policy of Tidio LLC.
INSYS MICROELECTRONICS GmbH is not making use of these messages or data other than to follow up on users’ registered issues or inquiries.
Your personal data will be processed and transmitted in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Newsletter.
We have taken technical and administrative security precautions in order to protect your personal data against loss, destruction, manipulation and unauthorised access.
All employees and service providers who work for us are obliged to comply with the applicable data protection laws.
Whenever we collect and process personal data, these are encrypted before being transferred.
This means that your data cannot be misused by third parties.
Thereby, our security precautions are subject to a continual improvement process and our data protection declarations are constantly revised and updated.
Please make sure that you have the latest up-to-date version.
Security.
We have taken technical and administrative security precautions in order to protect your personal data against loss, destruction, manipulation and unauthorised access.
All employees and service providers who work for us are obliged to comply with the applicable data protection laws.
Whenever we collect and process personal data, these are encrypted before being transferred.
This means that your data cannot be misused by third parties.
Thereby, our security precautions are subject to a continual improvement process and our data protection declarations are constantly revised and updated.
Please make sure that you have the latest up-to-date version.
Affected rights.
You have the right to information, correction, deletion or restriction of the processing of your stored data, a right to object to the processing as well as a right to data portability and to a complaint in accordance with the requirements of data protection law.
Right to information.
You can ask us for information as to whether and to what extent we process your data.
Right to rectification.
If we process your data that is incomplete or incorrect, you may at any time ask for their correction or completion.
Right to cancellation.
You may request deletion of your data from us if we process it unlawfully or if the processing disproportionately interferes with your legitimate interests.
Please note that there may be reasons opposing an immediate deletion, e.
g.
in the case of legally regulated storage requirements.
egardless of the exercise of your right to erasure, we will erase your data promptly and completely, as far as there is no legal or statutory retention obligation in this regard.
Right to restriction of processing.
You may require us to restrict the processing of your data if.
You deny the accuracy of the data for a period that allows us to verify the accuracy of the data.
the processing of the data is unlawful, but you reject a deletion and instead require a restriction of data usage,.
we no longer need the data for the intended purpose, but you still need this data to assert or defend legal claims, or.
You have objected to the processing of the data.
Right to data portability.
You may require that we provide you with the information you have provided to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format and that you may transfer that information to another person without hindrance, provided that.
we process this data based on a consent given or revocable by you or for the performance of a contract between us, andthis processing is done using automated procedures.
In case of technical feasibility, you can request from us a direct transfer of your data to another person in charge.
Right to objection.
If we process your data for legitimate interest, you can object to this data processing at any time.
this would also apply to a profiling based on these provisions.
We will then no longer process your data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or processing for the purposes of asserting, exercising or defending legal claims.
You can object to the processing of your data for the purpose of direct mail at any time without stating reasons.
Right to appeal.
If you believe that we violate German or European data protection laws when processing your data, we ask you to contact us to clarify questions.
Of course, you also have the right to contact the supervisory authority responsible for you, the respective State Office for Data Protection Supervision.
If you wish to assert one of the mentioned rights against us, please contact our data protection officer.
If in doubt, we may request additional information to confirm your identity.
Changes to this data protection declaration.
We reserve the right to change our privacy policies if necessary due to new technology.
Please make sure you have the latest version.
If any fundamental changes are made to this privacy policy, we will post it on our website.
All interested parties and visitors of our website reach us in privacy issues at.
Mr.
Christian VolkmerProjekt 29 GmbH & Co.
KGOstengasse 14D-93047 RegensburgP 0941 29 86 93 0F 0941 29 86 93 .
Delivering data.
In smart industries.
From people with passion.
INSYS icom.
Tel.
+49 941 58692-444Fax.
+ 49 941 58692-45E-Mail.
.
Navigation.
Contact.
Our products.
Customer references.
Careers.
Company group.
Newsletter subscription.
Our newsletter provides you with hot news, current software updates, event dates and information about our products.
