IntelliFlux Controls.
Intelligent Controls for Improved Operations.
Solutions.
IndustriesWaterEnergyChemicalsFood & BeverageMineral ProcessingTextile & Paper.
Water.
Energy.
Chemicals.
Food & Beverage.
Mineral Processing.
Textile & Paper.
ProductsApricot ConnectApricot AssistApricot Operate.
Apricot Connect.
Apricot Assist.
Apricot Operate.
Resources.
CompanyAboutCareersNews.
About.
Careers.
News.
Privacy Policy.
Please read this privacy notice carefully as it will help you understand what we do with the information that we collect.
1.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT.
2.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.
3.
WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE.
4.
DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES.
5.
HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS.
6.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION.
7.
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE.
8.
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS.
9.
CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES.
10.
DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS.
11.
DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE.
12.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE.
13.
HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU.
Log and Usage Data.
Log and usage data is service-related, diagnostic, usage and performance information our servers automatically collect when you access or use our Services and which we record in log files.
Depending on how you interact with us, this log data may include your IP address, device information, browser type and settings and information about your activity in the Services (such as the date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages and files viewed, searches and other actions you take such as which features you use), device event information (such as system activity, error reports (sometimes called ‘crash dumps’) and hardware settings).
Device Data.
We collect device data such as information about your computer, phone, tablet or other device you use to access the Services.
Depending on the device used, this device data may include information such as your IP address (or proxy server), device and application identification numbers, location, browser type, hardware model Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, operating system and system configuration information.
Geolocation Information.
We may request access or permission to and track location-based information from your mobile device, either continuously or while you are using our App, to provide certain location-based services.
If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Mobile Device Access.
We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device’s bluetooth, camera, microphone, reminders, sensors, calendar, sms messages, storage, and other features.
If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Push Notifications.
We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or certain features of the App.
If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device’s settings.
To facilitate account creation and logon process.
If you choose to link your account with us to a third-party account (such as your Google or Facebook account), we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account creation and logon process for the performance of the contract.
See the section below headed “HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS.
” for further information.
To post testimonials.
We post testimonials on our Services that may contain personal information.
Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain your consent to use your name and the content of the testimonial.
If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at ASK MATT and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Request feedback.
We may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Services.
To enable user-to-user communications.
We may use your information in order to enable user-to-user communications with each user’s consent.
To manage user accounts.
We may use your information for the purposes of managing our account and keeping it in working order.
To send administrative information to you.
We may use your personal information to send you product, service and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
To protect our Services.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our Services safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
To enforce our terms, conditions and policies for business purposes, to comply with legal and regulatory requirements or in connection with our contract.
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm.
If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
Fulfill and manage your orders.
We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the Services.
Administer prize draws and competitions.
We may use your information to administer prize draws and competitions when you elect to participate in our competitions.
To deliver and facilitate delivery of services to the user.
We may use your information to provide you with the requested service.
To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users.
We may use your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the use of our Services.
To send you marketing and promotional communications.
We and/or our third-party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences.
For example, when expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our Services, subscribing to marketing or otherwise contacting us, we will collect personal information from you.
You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time (see the “WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS.
” below).
Deliver targeted advertising to you.
We may use your information to develop and display personalized content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness.
Consent.
We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests.
We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract.
Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations.
We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests.
We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Business Transfers.
We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Contact us using the contact information provided.
Access your account settings and update your preferences.
Receiving help through our customer support channels.
Participation in customer surveys or contests.
and.
Facilitation in the delivery of our Services and to respond to your inquiries.
whether we collect and use your personal information.
the categories of personal information that we collect.
the purposes for which the collected personal information is used.
whether we sell your personal information to third parties.
the categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose.
the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose.
and.
the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.
you may object to the processing of your personal data.
you may request correction of your personal data if it is incorrect or no longer relevant, or ask to restrict the processing of the data.
you can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf.
We may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf in accordance with the CCPA.
you may request to opt-out from future selling of your personal information to third parties.
Upon receiving a request to opt-out, we will act upon the request as soon as feasibly possible, but no later than 15 days from the date of the request submission.
FOLLOW US ON.
Contact us.
IntelliFlux Controls2081 Business Center Drive, Suite 285 Irvine, CA, 92612.
+1 949 630 0940.
Sitemap.
Home.
About.
Contact.
News.
POLICIES.
Privacy Policy.
Cookie Policy.
Terms and Conditions.
Disclaimer.
DOWNLOAD.
Please click on the button below to get access to downloads.
DOWNLOADS.
