Home.
SolutionsFlexi SolutionsFlexi LogiProFlexi Coupa InventoryFlexi NetSuite InventoryFlexi JDE InventoryFlexi EBS InventoryFlexi Fixed Asset Tracking SystemOther SolutionsExpress SuiteExpress Server MSCA/MWAExpress Client MSCA/MWAExpress LabelXDR.
Xpress Dashboard Reporting.
Flexi SolutionsFlexi LogiProFlexi Coupa InventoryFlexi NetSuite InventoryFlexi JDE InventoryFlexi EBS InventoryFlexi Fixed Asset Tracking System.
Flexi LogiPro.
Flexi Coupa Inventory.
Flexi NetSuite Inventory.
Flexi JDE Inventory.
Flexi EBS Inventory.
Flexi Fixed Asset Tracking System.
Other SolutionsExpress SuiteExpress Server MSCA/MWAExpress Client MSCA/MWAExpress LabelXDR.
Xpress Dashboard Reporting.
Express Suite.
Express Server MSCA/MWA.
Express Client MSCA/MWA.
Express Label.
XDR.
Xpress Dashboard Reporting.
Services.
Case Studies.
Careers.
Testimonials.
Support.
Contact Us.
Request For Demo.
Home.
SolutionsFlexi SolutionsFlexi LogiProFlexi Coupa InventoryFlexi NetSuite InventoryFlexi JDE InventoryFlexi EBS InventoryFlexi Fixed Asset Tracking SystemOther SolutionsExpress SuiteExpress Server MSCA/MWAExpress Client MSCA/MWAExpress LabelXDR.
Xpress Dashboard Reporting.
Flexi SolutionsFlexi LogiProFlexi Coupa InventoryFlexi NetSuite InventoryFlexi JDE InventoryFlexi EBS InventoryFlexi Fixed Asset Tracking System.
Flexi LogiPro.
Flexi Coupa Inventory.
Flexi NetSuite Inventory.
Flexi JDE Inventory.
Flexi EBS Inventory.
Flexi Fixed Asset Tracking System.
Other SolutionsExpress SuiteExpress Server MSCA/MWAExpress Client MSCA/MWAExpress LabelXDR.
Xpress Dashboard Reporting.
Express Suite.
Express Server MSCA/MWA.
Express Client MSCA/MWA.
Express Label.
XDR.
Xpress Dashboard Reporting.
Services.
Case Studies.
Careers.
Testimonials.
Support.
Contact Us.
Request For Demo.
INTELLINUM PRIVACY POLICY.
Intellinum respects your choices about how your personal information is collected and used.
The following privacy rules are adapted to the many ways Intellinum lines of business and offer to acquire your personal information.
Intellinum and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Intellinum” or “we”) respect your privacy preferences when it comes to the treatment of personal information we may collect.
This Policy explains how we collect and use your personal information, how you can manage it, and how we handle data collected from Intellinum sites that link.
Non-Intellinum websites, services, social networks, or applications established utilizing Intellinum’s Mobile Enterprise Platform may be linked to or connected through the Channels.
By clicking on those links, using third-party programs, or activating those connections, the third party may be able to gather or share information about you.
We have no control over third-party websites, applications, or services.
Before sending your personal information to any non-Intellinum websites, applications, or services, we recommend that you review their privacy policies and terms of service.
We Collect Personal and Other Information.
Intellinum may acquire personal information from you as a result of your engagement with and use of the Channels.
Personal information is information that identifies or relates to an identifiable individual.
Personal data may be included, but is not limited to, the following.
Your full name and physical address, as well as your email and phone numbers.
When behavioral or demographic characteristics are linked to personal identifiers, they become personal identifiers.
Transactional activity on the Channels in the past.
Information about your interests received from third parties.
Information about your company, including its name, size, and location, as well as your job within it.
Intellinum may also collect Other Information about you from your interactions with the use of the Channels and non-Intellinum websites that do not identify your unique identity or are not linked to an individual.
Other data may include, but is not limited to, the following.
Unique identifiers, such as a cookie on your computer, or mobile or device identifiers.
Your Internet Protocol address (“IP address”), as well as information generated from it, such as your geographic location.
Information about your devices, including HTTP Headers (defined below) and other internet transfer protocol signals, browser or device type and version, operating system, user-agent strings, and information about or derived from the presence or usage of “apps” on the mobile devices, your preferred language and also the screen resolution.
Behavioral data on your Channel usages, such as the web pages you view, the websites and content areas you visit, and the dates and times of your activities.
You did a web search to find and navigate to the Channels.
Other Information and personal information may be combined in some cases, such as when a precise geographical location is combined with your name.
If Other Information is coupled with personal information, the combined information will be treated as Personal information.
HOW DO WE USE AND SHARE DATA.
Information About Yourself.
Intellinum collects and utilizes personal information for the following purposes (unless otherwise restricted by relevant law).
Participate in transactions.
Personal information may be used by Intellinum to conduct business with you.
Transactions must be processed.
To conduct your purchases, Intellinum may use Personal information as well as financial, credit card, and payment information.
Offer assistance or other services.
Intellinum may use your Personal information to offer you support or other services that you’ve requested, as well as product updates, patches, and fixes, and other operational messages.
Respond to your requests and tailor your marketing to your needs.
In compliance with this Policy, Intellinum may use your Personal information to notify you about new product releases and service developments, as well as to advertise Intellinum’s products and services.
Based on your Personal information, your website visit, marketing experience, and communications may be personalized to your interests.
Intellinum may also utilize personal information to reply directly to your information requests (such as newsletter registrations or other particular requests) or to pass your contact information on to the relevant Intellinum distributor or reseller for further follow-up on your interests.
Intellinum may also share your Personal information with other carefully selected partners who provide comparable products or services if you consent.
Please consider the privacy policies of the relevant partner before engaging in any further transactions with them.
Intellinum Online Communities is a service provided by Intellinum.
Participate in engaging discussions, build a profile, publish comments, opportunities, or other information, speak directly with another user, or engage in other networking activities on some Channels.
For technological reasons, some of these services are moderated, but all can be accessed.
Intellinum has no control over what people publish in these forums or on social media sites.
You should carefully consider whether or not you want to post Personal information to these forums or social networks, as well as whether or not you want to make your profile public to other users, and any content you submit should be tailored accordingly.
Additionally, you should consider any additional terms and conditions that may apply to your use of these Channels.
Please email to manage or remove your personal information from our online communities.
We will notify you if we are unable to erase your Personal information.
On Third-Party Social Networks, Interact with You.
Intellinum may communicate with you on third-party social networks using your Personal Information.
Intellinum’s interactions with you on a third-party social network would be governed by the privacy policies and terms of service of that network.
Testimonials Should be Posted.
On our Channels, we offer testimonials that may contain personal information.
We will ask your permission to use your name and testimonial prior to posting a testimonial.
Please fill out a request form with your name, testimonial location, and contact information if you want to update or delete your testimony.
Administer Product Downloads and Licensing Compliance.
If you download products from our Channels, Intellinum will use your Personal Information to.
confirm certain details about your order (for example, that the download process went smoothly).
discuss the downloaded products.
or send you marketing or sales information about related products and services.
Intellinum may also contact you, ensure compliance with licensing and other terms of use, and exchange personal information with your company.
Selecting Content, Improving Quality, and Making Channel Use Easier.
Intellinum may use your personal information to help create and personalize the content on our Channels, improve quality, track marketing campaign responsiveness, ((such as internet advertising and email marketing), as well as page response rates and facilitate your use of the Channels (for example, to facilitate navigation and the login process, avoid duplicate data entry, enhance security, keep track of shopping cart additions, and preserve order information between sessions).
Provide relevant product alerts and updates to various Intellinum Communities, such as Partners.
If you sign up for an Intellinum community, Intellinum will provide you information regarding your expressed interests, such as new product releases, alerts, updates, prices, terms, special offers, and associated campaigns.
Joint sales or product promotions with a lot of clout.
Intellinum and its partners may collaborate on product promotions or sales.
The partners participating will always be mentioned in such campaigns.
Your Personal information will be accessible to both Intellinum and the partner(s), and either Intellinum or our partners may supply you with sales or product promotion information.
Each party shall be responsible for their own use of the personal information obtained in connection with the joint sale or product promotion.
We urge that you read the privacy policies of these partners to get answers to any queries you may have about how they handle your data.
Improve the quality of your products, services, and experiences.
Your personal information may be used by Intellinum to assess and enhance our goods, services, marketing, and customer interactions.
Make contact with you regarding a conference or event.
Intellinum or one of our partners may contact you about a conference or event that Intellinum or one of our partners is hosting or co-sponsoring.
This particular pointer may include significant information about the event’s content, logistics, payment, updates, and any additional meetings, special demos, or other customer facilitation relevant to your event registration that we may give.
Intellinum may contact you after the event regarding the event and associated products and services, and your company may receive information about your attendance.
Intellinum will also allow selected partners or conference sponsors to send you up to two messages relevant to your event attendance if legally permitted.
To learn how companies utilize personal information, you should read their privacy policies.
Obtain the services of a third party.
Third parties that provide services to Intellinum, such as credit card processing, order fulfillment, analytics, event/campaign management, website management, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing, and other similar services, may also have access to personal information.
When Intellinum shares personal information with third-party service providers, we require that they use your personal information only for the purpose of providing services to us and subject to terms consistent with this policy.
Our employees, sites, facilities, and operations are all under threat.
Intellinum may release your Personal Information as we think to be necessary or reasonable to protect the health and safety of our employees and visitors, our physical and online operations, rights, our property, and privacy, or/and that of the affiliates, the client or others.
As part of ensuring the security of our facilities, you may be photographed or videotaped if you visit our offices.
Security photographs taken at the facility will be classified as sensitive information and utilized only for security and investigation purposes.
Legal requirements and corporate transactions must be followed.
Intellinum may disclose your Personal information in the following circumstances.
1.
To comply with applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence.
2.
To comply with legal process.
3.
To respond to requests for national security and/or law enforcement purposes from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence.
4.
To enforce our terms and conditions.
and 5.
to enable us to pursue available remedies or reduce the extent of any damages we may suffer.
Additional Information.
Except where applicable legislation dictates otherwise, we may use, transfer, and disclose Other Information we collect for any reason.
If applicable law requires us to consider Other Information as Personal information, we will only use and disclose it in the same manner that we are allowed to use and disclose Personal information.
WE COLLECT INFORMATION IN THE FOLLOWING MANNER.
Intellinum and its third-party service providers may obtain Personal information and Other Information from a variety of sources that fall into one of three categories.
Direct Interactions.
From your usage of the Channels and other activities such as account creation, submission of registrations and forms, or sales inquiries and transactions, we collect information about you.
Data from Automated Interactions on non-Intellinum websites, or other publicly available data you may have made publicly available, such as social media posts, or data provided by third-party sources, such as marketing opt-in lists or data aggregators.
Electronic Communications Protocols.
As is the case with most websites and apps, Intellinum may receive information from you as part of the communication connection itself, which may include network routing information, equipment information, and your IP address (which may identify your general geographical location or company), and date and time.
Intellinum may also collect and retain information about your interactions with the Channels, such as clickstream information (when each Intellinum web page was accessed and how much time was spent on each page), frequency of access, performance data, aggregate usage, or general geolocation data.
Cookies.
Cookies are used by Intellinum in accordance with our cookie policy.
Cookie Options.
You have complete control over your cookie preferences and can modify them at any moment.
Please fill out an inquiry form if you have any issues with this cookie preference method.
Flash Cookies.
On our electronic Channels that utilize Flash technology, we may use Flash cookies, commonly known as “local shared objects.
” Flash cookies are used to remember the site’s settings so that the look and feel of the site can be customized.
Flash cookies, like regular cookies, are stored on your computer as tiny files.
Adjusting your choices in the Macromedia Website Privacy Settings Panel at macromedia.
com is one way to prevent Flash cookies from being placed.
Embedded URLs.
Intellinum may use an embedded URLs tracking mechanism to allow users to access the electronic Channels without having to use cookies.
Widgets, Buttons, and Tools.
The privacy policy of the firm that created the widget, button, or tool governs the information collected or used by it, including cookie settings and preferences.
We may collect and share your device’s physical location for purposes that are compatible with this Policy, such as providing you with customized location-based services or information.
You may be given the option to approve or deny such use of your device’s location in some cases, but if you choose to prohibit such use, we may not be able to offer you the personalized services you require.
Opt-Out and Preferences.
Email marketing is a type of marketing that involves sending emails to You can opt-out of marketing communications with Intellinum.
You may unsubscribe from our marketing emails or other messages at any time if you wish to be removed from our mailing lists.
Unsubscribe.
Communications related to product downloads, sales transactions, software updates, and other support-related information, patches and fixes, conferences or events for which you have registered, disclosures to comply with legal requirements, and (where permitted by law) quality assurance surveys are not subject to general opt-out.
Other communications with partners, such as product alerts, updates, contractual marketing, and sales materials, and other messages relevant to partner status, are not subject to general-opt out.
Application for mobile devices.
For the objectives outlined in this Policy, Intellinum’s mobile applications may send push notifications straight to your mobile device.
You can change your notification and location settings on your mobile device at any time to opt-out of getting such push notifications and location-based services.
Choices in Information.
Sharing Intellinum only shares Personal information with carefully selected firms after giving users the option to opt-out, or as otherwise specified in this Policy.
Opting out of such sharing has limitations in the following situations.
1.
Joint sales or joint events.
2.
When the client requests DSI partner follow-up.
3.
Where third parties are required to complete the transaction or provide the service.
4.
Where required by law.
Permission-based lists from third parties.
Intellinum may send communications about Intellinum products and services to third-party lists on occasion.
Users qualified to receive emails from other companies, such as Intellinum, are included on these lists, which are kept by third parties.
When we use such lists, we shall offer procedures for opting out of receiving Intellinum marketing communications in the communications.
You may contact us directly through our inquiry form if you are having problems opting out or if you have any issues with a third-party mailing.
For residents of India only.
If you are an Indian resident and your business relationship with Intellinum is primarily for personal, family, or household purposes, you may request information about Intellinum’s disclosure of Personal information to third parties for the third parties direct marketing purposes under the Indian Civil Code Section (the section code should be mentioned here).
Please fill out an inquiry form to make such a request.
you may make such a request up to once every calendar year.
If relevant, we will send you an email with a list of the categories of Personal information that we have released to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the previous calendar year, as well as the third parties’ names and addresses.
Keeping and Getting Rid of Information.
Intellinum will keep your Personal information for as long as your account is active.
as long as is necessary to provide you with products or services.
resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
or as long as is permitted by law.
Intellinum will destroy your personal information after the retention period in such a way that it cannot be reconstructed or read.
Advertising.
Intellinum hires third parties to manage a limited number of Intellinum ads in third-party electronic channels.
As part of this process, no personal information is sent to advertisers, but aggregate profile information or Other Information, such as the user community or suggested or inferred interests, may be utilized in the selection of advertising to ensure that it is relevant to the user.
Some banner advertising may have embedded pixels that write and read cookies or provide session connection information to advertisers, allowing them to better detect how many unique people have clicked on the ad banner.
Intellinum may also use advertising technologies and engage in advertising technology networks to show you Intellinum related advertisements on Intellinum’s own and third-party websites, which collect other information from Intellinum and non-Intellinum websites, as well as from other sources.
Retargeting and behavioral advertising technologies collectively referred to as “Interest-Based Advertising” in this policy, may be used to customize these advertisements to your perceived interests.
Any retargeted or behavioral adverts sent to your browser will include information about the advertising technology partner and how to opt-out of viewing such advertisements.
You can also opt-out by visiting the Interest-Based Advertising section of this policy’s privacy choices tab.
Opting out does not mean you will no longer get Intellinum advertisements.
It implies that you will continue to see Intellinum adverts that are tailored to you based on your website visits and browsing activity over time.
Intellinum and other participating advertising technology providers cannot serve interest-related adverts to you on behalf of Intellinum if you use cookie-based techniques to opt-out of Interest-based advertising.
They will only work on the Internet browser in which they are stored, and only if your browser is configured to accept third-party cookies.
Where cookies are sometimes automatically disabled or erased (for example, on some mobile devices and operating systems), these cookie-based opt-out solutions may not be as reliable.
You will need to opt-out again if you erase cookies, change browsers, computers, or use a different operating system.
Security.
Intellinum places a high value on the protection of your personal information.
We protect your personal information using physical, technological, and administrative protections to prevent loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, and destruction.
Furthermore, Intellinum uses industry-standard security protocols and methods to exchange sensitive data such as credit card numbers.
We use secure socket layer (SSL) technology to protect sensitive Personal information like your payment card number when you enter it on our site.
If an unauthorized person obtains or is reasonably thought to have obtained, your personal information and applicable law require notification, Intellinum will notify you via email, fax, or Indian mail.
Intellinum will notify you as soon as possible, consistent with law enforcement and/or Intellinum’s reasonable needs to assess the breadth of the breach, investigate, and restore the integrity of the data system.
Transfers across Borders.
Intellinum is a global company with global data security policies in place to ensure that your personal information is properly safeguarded.
Please be aware that, in compliance with this Policy, personal information may be transferred, accessed, and stored internationally as needed.
Dispute Settlement.
If you have any concerns about our adherence to this policy, please contact us first.
In accordance with this policy, we shall investigate and endeavor to settle complaints and disputes about the use and disclosure of personal information.
Children’s Privacy.
Intellinum’s channels are not oriented towards children, and Intellinum does not promote or market its services to minors as a corporation focused on meeting the needs of businesses.
If you believe we have inadvertently or accidentally collected Personal information from a minor through our Channels without their agreement, please contact us at so that we can erase the information from our systems and make any required repairs.
Please email us at to seek the removal of any content or information posted to our Channels by a registered user who was under the age of 18.
Please keep in mind that such requests may not result in the complete or whole removal of the content or information, as portions of your content may have been republished by another user.
Other Intellinum Privacy Policies.
In addition to this Policy, Intellinum has other privacy policies that are tailored for the different ways your Personal information is collected by different Intellinum lines of business and offerings.
The Intellinum privacy policy addresses information we collect at our websites and in off-line sales and marketing activities.
Customer data to which we may be given access to offer consultancy, product support, outsourcing, and other services is addressed by the Intellinum services privacy policy.
Please Get in Touch with Us.
Please contact us through email at if you believe your personal information has been used in a way that is inconsistent with this Policy or your specified preferences.
Policy Changes.
This policy is subject to change at Intellinum’s discretion.
Intellinum will publish notice of substantial changes to this Policy on its Web sites at least thirty (30) days before the change takes effect.
Your feedback on Intellinum’s privacy practices is much appreciated.
India.
Intellinum Solutions India Private Limited.
Unit 1124, EFC Office Spaces,.
Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park.
Phase 1, MIDC, Hinjewadi, Pune 411057Email.
.
Phone.
+91 20 3005 9917 / +91 -9156 0796 47.
Headquarters- USA.
Intellinum Inc.
2633 McKinney Ave.
Ste # 130 358, Dallas, TX 75204.
USA.
Email.
.
Phone.
+1 (888) 2887402.
Thank you for your interest.
Please enter your details, we will send you the requested case study.
Intellinum Inc2633 McKinney Ave.
Ste # 130-358Dallas, TX 75204USA.
Phone.
+1 (888) 288-7402.
Intellinum Solutions India Pvt LtdOffice no 515,516 & 517EFC Global Port, 5th FloorS no 45, Baner Highway,above Audi ShowroomPune 411045Phone.
+91-9156079647 MORE LOCATIONS.
Latest Posts.
Leverage the Modern Solutions to Manage Your Inventory.
Streamline Your Inventory Transactions with Oracle Cloud Mobile App.
Trends in Warehouse Management Industry in 2022.
2022 Top Warehouse Management Challenges and Solutions.
Quick Links.
About Us.
Blog.
Careers.
Case Studies.
FAQ.
Our Clients.
Privacy Policy.
Subscribe to Our Newsletter.
To get Important Product Updates, Blog Posts & Inside Scoops.
Please leave this field empty.
Solutions.
Flexi LogiPro.
Flexi Coupa Inventory.
Flexi NetSuite Inventory.
Flexi JDE  Inventory.
Flexi EBS Inventory.
Flexi Fixed Asset Tracking System.
Express Server MSCA/MWA.
Express Client MSCA/MWA.
Express Label.
XDR.
Xpress Dashboard Reporting.
Drop Us a Query.
Please leave this field empty.
Please leave this field empty.
Flexi LogiProFlexi CoupaFlexi JD EdwardsFlexi NetSuite InventoryFlexi EBS InventoryExpress ServerExpress LabelExpress ClientXpress Dashboard ReportingPlease prove you are human by selecting the  Flag.
Copyright © 2011 – 2021 Intellinum.
All Rights Reserved.
You cannot copy content of this page.
