HOME.
ABOUT INVENGOCorporate ProfileNews RoomPress ReleasesInvengo NewsMedia CenterMedia Contact.
Corporate Profile.
News RoomPress ReleasesInvengo NewsMedia CenterMedia Contact.
Press Releases.
Invengo News.
Media Center.
Media Contact.
BUSINESS UNITSGlobal ChannelReaders, Antennas & ConsumablesLibrary ServicesBy FE Technologies.
Global ChannelReaders, Antennas & Consumables.
Library ServicesBy FE Technologies.
PRODUCTSReaders & AntennasOverhead/Smart ReadersHandheld & Sled ReadersRAIN RFID Fixed ReadersRAIN RFID AntennasHF Readers & AntennasTags & InlaysRAIN/UHF InlaysHF/NFC InlaysSmart Cards & TicketsHard Tag OfferingLibrary ServicesSelf Service Loan Stations(Self Service) ReturnsMobile ApplicationsRFID Tags & ConsumablesProduct overview.
Readers & AntennasOverhead/Smart ReadersHandheld & Sled ReadersRAIN RFID Fixed ReadersRAIN RFID AntennasHF Readers & Antennas.
Overhead/Smart Readers.
Handheld & Sled Readers.
RAIN RFID Fixed Readers.
RAIN RFID Antennas.
HF Readers & Antennas.
Tags & InlaysRAIN/UHF InlaysHF/NFC InlaysSmart Cards & TicketsHard Tag Offering.
RAIN/UHF Inlays.
HF/NFC Inlays.
Smart Cards & Tickets.
Hard Tag Offering.
Library ServicesSelf Service Loan Stations(Self Service) ReturnsMobile ApplicationsRFID Tags & ConsumablesProduct overview.
Self Service Loan Stations.
(Self Service) Returns.
Mobile Applications.
RFID Tags & Consumables.
Product overview.
CONTACT.
中文.
Search for.
Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy.
Because your personal information matters to us.
Because your personal information matters to us.
Update.
23 May 2018.
The Invengo Technology Privacy Policy was updated in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation).
With the acceptance of our Privacy Policy you agree with submitting your personal information and you authorize us to proceed and process this information following the below Privacy policy.
The following Privacy Policy provides all details about our company’s personal data collecting, personal data processing and personal data administration procedures, rules and principles.
They address all online/email/telephone or walk in registrations, requests and enquiries and the information we might need to perform the requested service and provided the required information.
The same rules apply to the organizing and conducting marketing campaigns and research, customer satisfaction surveys and distributing messages to our newsletters subscribers.
As a company, who protects the legal rights and acting in the best interest of its customers when it comes to confidentiality, transparency and protection of their personal data, we inform you, that if you disagree with any of the conditions in this Privacy policy, we do recommend to neither use the Invengo Technology website nor its services.
Invengo Technology Pte.
Ltd.
collects personal information from you in a number of different ways.
We consider your privacy to be extremely important.
Web registration form.
Email.
Telephone.
Your participation in marketing campaigns, expos etc.
We use cookies to better understand and improve your collaboration with our websites and our services.
When you are registering on our website to request services or enquire rates, infos, or simply subscribing for our newsletter, it is possible that we ask for your personal data such as.
your full name, company name, company address, telephone number, email address etc.
We demand this information ONLY to be able to provide the requested services, quotation and/or information.
You submit your own personal data voluntarily.
We are unable to process your enquiry and provide the requested services and/or information if you do not declare your acceptance, that Invengo Technology will be processing your personal data according to this Privacy Policy.
Your agreement can be withdrawn at any time by sending us an email to You will receive our confirmation for the deletion of your personal data in a reasonable time frame and not more than one month.
We consider you privacy extremely important.
Therefore we commit to the non-disclosure of the provided personal details to third parties, unless.
we have your exclusive permission.
we are obliged by law to provide the requested information.
we cannot perform the requested services without transferring this information to our other group companies and/or other service providers and/or suppliers.
Our company policies and principles of processing, transferring and administrating personal information.
Conformity with law.
We strictly follow the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation).
Transparency.
We commit to provide information upon your request about the type of the personal data, that is being processed by Invengo Technology.
You have the right to access your personal information, revise and update it, delete it or limit its usage, to raise an objection and stop the usage of your personal data and finally request a soft or paper copy of your personal details we process.
The copies will be sent within a month against the receipt of a written request from your side.
The same deadline is valid for processing a personal data deletion request.
Expediency.
We collect details, that are corresponding to the services you requested and they will be used only for the purposes you instructed us with.
Limitation.
We request only information, which is essential for providing the requested services.
We do not require personal information, unless it is absolutely necessary for processing your enquiry/order and providing the requested services and/or information.
Punctuality and accuracy.
While collecting and processing your personal data, we always make sure it is updated and correct.
Privacy.
Invengo Technology guarantees the confidentiality of the collected personal data.
We implemented a combination of technical measures, internal procedures and formalities we coordinated with our legal advisors, data security trainings for our employees, regular data security audits.
All efforts aim the highest level of protection for our client’s and partner’s personal data we are operating with.
Declaration of acceptance.
We give the opportunity to all our customers/users and partners to explicitly declare their agreement for collection, processing and administration of their personal data, anytime we might need any personal details for processing a request/order and provide required information.
We will use your personal data according to this privacy policy.
We collect different type of personal information.
Name, address, email address, telephone number, mobile number, IP – address or any other type of voluntarily provided personal information, as far as need to respond to your request and provide the requested services and products.
Access.
The information you provide to us will be held on computers and may be accessed by or given exclusively to our staff and/or Invengo group companies.
You acknowledge that your information may be transferred to different countries, including some outside of the European Economic Area, and you consent to such processing and transfer.
If it is necessary to transfer your personal information outside of the European Economic Area we will make every effort to ensure that the person to whom we pass the personal information agrees to treat it with the same level of protection as we do.
If we are sold or merge with another business entity your personal information may be disclosed to our new business partners or owners.
Unless required by law, we will not otherwise share, sell or distribute any personal information you provide to us without your consent.
Non-personally identifying information.
Invengo Technology Pte.
Ltd.
may collect non-personally identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor’s request.
Our purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how visitors use our websites and services.
For further information about how we use cookies, see the “cookie” section below.
General.
If you contact us and provide us with information, we may keep a record of that correspondence (including email messages and phone calls).
What do we do with the information we collect.
We may use your information in the following ways.
To authenticate access to certain features of our websites (if required).
To contact you to respond to enquiries or to provide notices to you regarding your use of our websites or the provision of our services.
To provide services, products, and authenticate access (where required).
To analyze the performance or the appropriateness of products or services.
To comply with legal and regulatory requirements (including responding to court orders, subpoenas and to prevent crime).
These special circumstances may require us to disclose personal information.
To contact you if your actions violate your agreement with us (if any).
To fix errors and analyze trends.
To study how anonymous users interact with our websites and services.
To market our products or services to you.
Unless you have notified us otherwise, Invengo Technology Pte.
Ltd.
may occasionally send you email to tell you about new products, solicit feedback, or just to keep you up to date with what’s going on.
We try to keep this type of information to a minimum.
If you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications, or contact us using the contact details provided below.
Declaration of Acceptance.
I hereby declare.
I agree that Invengo Technology is collecting, administrating and processing my personal data as follows.
full name, postal address, email address, mobile number, IP address and any other personal details, which I willingly provided, as far as these details are necessary for processing my request, providing the requested services.
Invengo Technology collects personal information only as long as it is absolutely necessary for the flowless performing the requested services in the most professional manner.
Invengo Technology implemented new procedures and updated its Privacy policy in order to keep up with the highest standards of the most recent national and EU data protection legislation.
I am informed and I agree that.
my personal data might be provided to third parties – administrative institutions and jurisdictional authorities, empowered by law to require and collect such personal information.
the personal data I provided might be processed and stored by the company for an unlimited period of time, unless I send an email to and declare my wish all personal data to be deleted from the company data base.
my personal data will be transferred to other countries – EU and NON EU Members , as long as this concerns the services I requested and the company has the assurance that the transferred data will be handled and administrated in accordance with the General Data Privacy Regulation.
my personal data might be provided to third parties – administrative institutions and jurisdictional authorities, empowered by law to require and collect such personal information.
the personal data I provided might be processed and stored by the company for an unlimited period of time, unless I send an email to and declare my wish all personal data to be deleted from the company data base.
my personal data will be transferred to other countries – EU and NON EU Members , as long as this concerns the services I requested and the company has the assurance that the transferred data will be handled and administrated in accordance with the General Data Privacy Regulation.
I am informed and I agree that any email correspondence between me and the company related to the requested services is considered information freely accessible by the company and its employees and the company can process, transfer to third parties (suppliers, partners) and store this information for an unlimited period of time.
I am informed and I agree that the company is forwarding the correspondence defined in 3.
to employees, co-workers, lawyers and other.
I am informed by the Invengo Technology about my rights.
I have the right to access to my personal data, processed by the Invengo Technology.
I need to send a written request to for the attention of the manager, in order this access to be granted.
I am entitled to send a request for deleting, correcting and blocking of my personal data, if its processing does not comply with the applicable data protection legislation.
I have the right to demand that the Invengo Technology informs third parties about the deletion, correction and ban of my personal data, that has been disclosed, unless it is impossible for Invengo Technology or it requires extraordinary efforts.
I have the right to be informed, that my personal data is being disclosed to third parties for marketing purposes and I can disagree at any time.
I have the right to disagree against the processing of my personal data for marketing purposes at any time and absolutely free of charge.
I have the right to disagree against the processing of my personal data at any time, if you consider our actions non -compliant to the data privacy legislation.
If there is a security issue, despite our strict internal security measures and procedures, you have the right to be informed within 72 hours.
Invengo Technology implemented a combination of internal security procedures and technical measures, in order to guarantee the highest level of security protection of your personal data following strictly the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679.
If I am an individual at the age of 16 or less, my personal data will be provided only with the acceptance of my parent/legal guardian.
I have the right to access to my personal data, processed by the Invengo Technology.
I need to send a written request to for the attention of the manager, in order this access to be granted.
I am entitled to send a request for deleting, correcting and blocking of my personal data, if its processing does not comply with the applicable data protection legislation.
I have the right to demand that the Invengo Technology informs third parties about the deletion, correction and ban of my personal data, that has been disclosed, unless it is impossible for Invengo Technology or it requires extraordinary efforts.
I have the right to be informed, that my personal data is being disclosed to third parties for marketing purposes and I can disagree at any time.
I have the right to disagree against the processing of my personal data for marketing purposes at any time and absolutely free of charge.
I have the right to disagree against the processing of my personal data at any time, if you consider our actions non -compliant to the data privacy legislation.
If there is a security issue, despite our strict internal security measures and procedures, you have the right to be informed within 72 hours.
Invengo Technology implemented a combination of internal security procedures and technical measures, in order to guarantee the highest level of security protection of your personal data following strictly the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679.
If I am an individual at the age of 16 or less, my personal data will be provided only with the acceptance of my parent/legal guardian.
I have read and I understand the Privacy Policy of Invengo Technology.
Cookies.
We use persistent and session cookies to support a smooth user experience.
The persistent cookie remains on your computer after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to our websites.
We also use cookies to better understand how you interact with our websites and services and to improve our websites and services overall.
You are currently receiving cookies from us, if you don’t want to receive cookies.
Change your cookie settings in your browser.
If you do not wish to have cookies placed on your computer, please set your browsers to refuse cookies before visiting our websites and using our services.
How do we protect the information we collect.
Invengo Technology Pte.
Ltd.
is very concerned about protecting the confidentiality of your personal information.
We have security measures, including administrative, physical and electronic measures, to protect against the loss, exposure, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you in the use of the services.
These measures include SSL data encryption to transmit your personal information as well as technical architectures and systems to prevent unauthorized third parties from accessing your personal information.
What happens if these terms change.
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Invengo Technology Pte.
Ltd.
may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and at Invengo Technology’s sole discretion.
You may check this page for any changes to this Privacy Policy.
Legal notice.
For further information on Invengo Technology Pte.
Ltd.
’s terms and conditions please see refer to our sales teams.
For certain products and services we may also provide you with specific terms and conditions.
Please refer to those specific legal notices for further information.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into those legal notices.
How to contact us.
You have a right to access your personal information which we are keeping and to obtain a copy of it.
If you would like to do so please contact us by post to the address below.
Please submit any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, or about our use of your personal information by contacting us by postal mail at the following address.
Invengo Technology Pte.
Ltd.
, 10 Kallang Avenue #05-15 Tower 2, Aperia.
, Singapore 339510 or by email.
.
About.
Invengo Technology Pte.
Ltd, located in Singapore (with local subsidiaries in the US and Europe), is the International Headquarters of Invengo Information Technology Co.
Ltd, listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SZSE.
002161.
SZ).
Employing over 600 people globally, Invengo is the largest publicly traded, purely RFID oriented company in the world, with design and manufacturing plants located in both the United States and China and sales offices spanning all major geographies.
Recent Tweets.
Invengo's #library brand FE Technologies supports students at the University of Salford with easy to use Self-Servi… twitter.
com/i/web/status/1… 3年 ago.
Invengo's #library brand FE Technologies supports students at the University of Salford with easy to use Self-Servi… twitter.
com/i/web/status/1….
Doors are open.
Do we see you at IoTE, Shenzhen (booth 1A78) to discuss how we can enable your solution.
Invengo.
… twitter.
com/i/web/status/1… 3年 ago.
Doors are open.
Do we see you at IoTE, Shenzhen (booth 1A78) to discuss how we can enable your solution.
Invengo.
… twitter.
com/i/web/status/1….
Upcoming events.
Latest News.
PRESS RELEASE.
Invengo new products attract focuses on RFID Journal LIVE 20225月 20, 2022.
PRESS RELEASE.
Invengo Won The “IoT Star 2021”3月 30, 2022.
International Headquarters.
Invengo Technology Pte.
Ltd10 Kallang Avenue #05-15 Tower 2, Aperia Singapore 339510.
Corporate HQ.
APAC (International HQ).
Americas.
EMEA & Textile Services.
