Cervello IoT SuiteCervello THINGS​Manage and operate your assetswith our low-code IoT platform​Cervello APPSBuild your IoT application with ourlow-code enablement platformMyCervelloStart your project with our intuitiveworkspace management platform.
Cervello THINGS​Manage and operate your assetswith our low-code IoT platform​.
Cervello THINGS​.
Manage and operate your assetswith our low-code IoT platform​.
Cervello APPSBuild your IoT application with ourlow-code enablement platform.
Cervello APPS.
Build your IoT application with ourlow-code enablement platform.
MyCervelloStart your project with our intuitiveworkspace management platform.
MyCervello.
Start your project with our intuitiveworkspace management platform.
IoT Operation Centres​Cervello Cities​Our IoT-based smart city operationcentreCervello Spaces​IoT operation centres for smartspaces & communities​.
Cervello Cities​Our IoT-based smart city operationcentre.
Cervello Cities​.
Our IoT-based smart city operationcentre.
Cervello Spaces​IoT operation centres for smartspaces & communities​.
Cervello Spaces​.
IoT operation centres for smartspaces & communities​.
Company​About UsLearn about our companyand vision​Vacancies​Join our growing team ofinnovatorsCulture​Discover our culture and bepart of itWorking at iotblueThe benefits we offer to ouremployees.
About UsLearn about our companyand vision​.
About Us.
Learn about our companyand vision​.
Vacancies​Join our growing team ofinnovators.
Vacancies​.
Join our growing team ofinnovators.
Culture​Discover our culture and bepart of it.
Culture​.
Discover our culture and bepart of it.
Working at iotblueThe benefits we offer to ouremployees.
Working at iotblue.
The benefits we offer to ouremployees.
Let’s Talk IoTStory Hub​Inspiring stories about our people,company, and industry​.
Story Hub​Inspiring stories about our people,company, and industry​.
Story Hub​.
Inspiring stories about our people,company, and industry​.
Privacy Notice.
Last Updated.
01 March 2022.
We support and value your privacy as much as you do and go to great lengths to keep your data safe and secure.
We are certain that privacy is fundamental to people's ability to use new technologies and earn trust in institutions in the digital age.
That is why we hold ourselves to the highest standards of transparency and conduct our business in compliance with applicable laws on data privacy protection and data security.
We may collect personal data such as your first and last name, email address, country, company name, and professional role.
We retain information on your behalf, such as messages and other files.
We may collect additional information you provide by your participation in surveys, contests, giveaways, and educational sessions.
We may collect information such as your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, domain name, visit timestamp, location, and other unique attributes to make our services more useful to you.
We may collect search queries to improve result relevancy and usage statistics.
We may collect device-specific information such as your hardware model, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information.
Data To carry out a contract.
To meet a legal obligation.
To protect the vital interests of a person.
To perform a task carried out in the public interest.
In the legitimate interests of our company, excluding interests that contradict the rights and freedoms of our customers.
Lawfulness, Fairness, and Transparency.
We obey the law.
we process data in the reasonably expected way.
we are transparent about our data protection practices.
Purpose Limitation.
We only process data for the specific reason it was collected.
Data Minimisation.
We do not process more data than we need.
Accuracy.
We ensure that any data we hold is adequate and accurate.
Storage Limitation.
We don't store data longer than we need to.
Integrity and Confidentiality.
We always process personal data securely.
By email.
.
By mail.
Alejandro Sánchez 109, 28019, Madrid, Spain.
Ⓒ iotblue 2022.
IoTBlue Software as aService S.
L.
Cervello IoT Suite.
Cervello THINGS​.
Cervello APPS.
MyCervello.
IoT Operation Centres​.
Cervello Cities​.
Cervello Spaces​.
Company & People​.
About Us​.
Culture​.
Working at iotblue​.
Vacancies​.
Let’s Talk IoT.
Story Hub.
Ⓒ iotblue 2022.
IoTBlue Software as aService S.
L.
Privacy Notice.
