Home.
Platform.
IoT SolutionsSmart                                            FactorySmart                                            Asset MonitoringSmart                                            Connected WorkerSmart RetailSmart                                            OfficeSmart                                            Fleet SolutionSmart                                            HealthcareCell Tower                                            MonitoringSmart Generator                                            MonitoringSmart                                            Energy MonitoringSmart City                                            SolutionsSmart Facility                                            MonitoringSmart Greenhouse                                            SolutionSmart Food                                            MonitoringAir Quality                                            MonitoringSmart Warehouse                                            Monitoring.
Insights.
About Us.
Contact Us.
866-345-7638.
Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy.
IoTConnect respects the privacy of its users.
We sometimes collect information during your visits to understand what differentiates you from each of our millions of other users.
In order to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, we have prepared this statement disclosing the privacy practices for the entire IoTConnect site.
Additional terms and conditions, if any, regarding the collection and use of your information may also be provided to you before you sign up for a particular service.
Here, you will learn what personally identifiable information of yours is collected, how and when we might use your information how we protect your information, who has access to your information, and how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
What Information is Collected.
IoTConnect collects certain information from and about its users in two ways—directly from the user and from our web server logs.
User-supplied information.
When you submit a form we may ask you for your name, email address and some other personal information.
The more accurate information you volunteer, the better we are able to customize your IoTConnect experience.
Log Information.
When you visit an internet website, you disclose certain information about yourself, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the time of your visit and the referring location (e.
g.
, the site or page that offered a link to a IoTConnect page).
IoTConnect, like many other sites, records this basic information about visits to its site.
You should remember that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online, your information can be collected and used by others.
Although IoTConnect tries to protect your personal information, IoTConnect cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
You are also solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords you set up and/or any account information.
How and When Information is Used.
We use information in different ways, depending on the type of information.
User-supplied information.
This information is used for purposes such as personalization and verification.
Web server logs.
This information helps us identify which areas of our site are of interest to our visitors.
IoTConnect also collects the Internet Protocol (IP) addresses of its visitors for the purposes of system administration.
Third Party Vendors and Cookies.
Third party vendors, including Google, show your ads on sites on the internet.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website.
Users may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page.
How We Protect Your Information.
The privacy and protection of your personal information is vitally important to us.
IoTConnect does not make personal information available to any third parties without your permission.
Any user statistics that we may provide to prospective partners regarding your IoTConnect usage are provided in the aggregate only and do not include any personally identifiable information about any individual user.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Accordingly, despite our efforts to protect your personal information, IoTConnect cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, or to or from our online products or services.
You transmit all such information at your own risk.
However, once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
Who Has Access to the Information.
Except as described, IoTConnect will not willfully disclose any individually identifiable information about its users to any third party without first receiving that user's permission.
IoTConnect may disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or to protect the rights or property of IoTConnect.
We welcome any questions or comments you have about the IoTConnect site.
Quick Links.
Home.
Insights.
About Us.
Contact Us.
IoTConnect.
Cookie Policy.
Privacy Policy.
Legal and Copyright Notices.
Smart Solutions.
Smart Asset Monitoring.
Smart Food Monitoring.
Smart Fleet Solution.
Cell Tower Monitoring.
Smart Energy Monitoring.
Smart Facility Monitoring.
Smart Factory.
Smart Retail.
Smart City Solutions.
Smart Office.
Smart Healthcare.
Smart Warehouse Monitoring.
Smart Connected Worker.
Smart Generator Monitoring.
Smart Greenhouse Solution.
Air Quality Monitoring.
Our Address.
Phone.
866-345-7638.
Keep In Touch.
©  IoTConnect® is a product of Softweb Solutions Inc.
(An Avnet                                Company) All rights reserved.
