IndustriesBuildingsEnergyManufacturingOil & Gas.
Buildings.
Energy.
Manufacturing.
Oil & Gas.
SolutionsOT-NetOT-AccessOT-Edge.
OT-Net.
OT-Access.
OT-Edge.
Partners.
CompanyCompany OverviewPress & MediaEventsCareers.
Company Overview.
Press & Media.
Events.
Careers.
SCHEDULE A MEETING.
MenuMenu.
What information do we collect.
You provide ioTium with your personal information when you voluntarily fill in forms on our Website such as when you request a demo, download content, or to contact sales.
This personal information may include.
first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, phone number and the content of your request.
You may also provide ioTium with your personal information at a marketing event.
Finally, you provide ioTium with your personal information when you request login credentials to access our products and services.
Information We Collect Automatically.
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use cookies, which are small files placed on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device, and web beacons, which are small electronic files located on pages of the Website, to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns.
The data automatically collected from cookies and web beacons may include information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language) and details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data and logs, page views, length of visit and website navigation paths as well as information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address.
ioTium may obtain personal information about you from third parties, including, but not limited to, marketing event organizers, partners, and resellers.
This information may include your first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, phone number and address.
ioTium requires that any third party providing it with information has obtained the information lawfully and the third party has obtained the appropriate consent to share the information with ioTium.
When do we collect information.
How do we use your information.
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including personal information, in order to respond to a request from you, to carry out our legal obligations, to fulfill a contract with you, to protect your vital interests, to provide you with notices and for other purposes with your consent as described below.
Below are the primary uses of your information supplied to us.
Establishing and maintaining communications with you.
Providing requested content or services from ioTium.
Responding to your inquiries about content and other services.
Making proposals for future service needs.
Registration for conferences, training, and other events.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies.
You do this through your browser settings.
Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.
It won’t affect the user’s experience that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our homepage or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page.
Within 7 business days.
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law.
This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Corporate Headquarters.
Texas Office.
India Office.
Ready to get started.
Japan Office.
Connect with us.
Twitter.
Linkedin.
Australia Office.
Search.
Privacy Policy.
This site uses cookies.
By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to Iotium's use of cookies.
Cookie and Privacy Settings.
- We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
- We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
- You can choose to have your computer alert each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies.
- If you decided to turn off your cookies, some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.
- You do this through your browser settings.
Since the browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want us to track your visits, you can disable tracking in your browser here.
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps and external Video providers.
Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here.
Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site.
Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings.
Google Map Settings.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds.
For more details, you can read about our cookies and privacy settings on our Privacy Policy Page.
