The City of Portland recognizes Juneteenth as a formal day of remembrance to honor Black American history and the end of slavery in the United States.
Learn about Juneteenth.
General Information.
Advisory GroupsGroups, boards, and commissions.
Bureaus and OfficesCity departments.
Calendar of EventsEvents, public meetings, and hearings.
Charter, Code, PoliciesOfficial City documents.
City CouncilLive sessions, agendas, and archives.
Construction ProjectsBuilding, transportation, maintenance, and sewer projects.
Find a ParkParks, facilities, and reservations.
NeighborhoodsNeighborhood directory.
NewsArticles, blogs, press releases, public notices, and newsletters.
ProjectsPlanning, outreach and education, strategic, and technology projects.
Services and ResourcesService and resource directory.
Jobs with the CityOpportunities posted to governmentjobs.
com.
Elected Officials.
Ted WheelerMayor.
Carmen RubioCity Commissioner.
Dan RyanCity Commissioner.
Jo Ann HardestyCity Commissioner.
Mingus MappsCity Commissioner.
Mary Hull CaballeroCity Auditor.
Breadcrumb.
Home.
/Portland.
gov Help and Support.
/About Portland.
gov.
Privacy policy.
The Bureau of Technology Services utilizes three principles in its approach to privacy and user information within Portland.
gov.
Collect only information necessary to monitor and improve Portland.
gov.
Make the collection of personal information transparent.
Be a responsible steward of the information we hold.
This policy addresses collection, use, and security of and access to information obtained through use of Portland.
gov.
The information presented here is not meant to be a contract of any type, either express or implied, and should not be treated as such by you.
The information in this statement and/or the policies described here may change at any time, without prior notice to you.
This policy does not describe information collection policies on any other site.
This notice covers the following topics.
Section A.
Information Collected and Its Use.
Section B.
Personal Information and Choice.
Section C.
Public Access to Information.
Section D.
Information Accuracy.
Section E.
Use of Cookies and Applets.
Section F.
Security.
Section G.
Electronic Commerce.
Section H.
Third Party Link Disclaimer.
Section I.
Children's Privacy Protection.
Section J.
Interactive Features.
Section K.
Contact Information.
Section A.
Information Collected and Its Use.
We collect limited non-personally identifying information that your browser makes available automatically whenever you visit Portland.
gov.
This information includes.
The Internet Protocol Address and the apparent Fully Qualified Domain Name ("Domain Name") used.
The Internet Protocol address is a numerical identifier assigned either to your Internet service provider or directly to your computer.
We use the Internet Protocol Address to direct Internet traffic to you.
This address can be translated to determine the domain name of your service provider (e.
g.
xcompany.
com or yourschool.
edu) or of your computer if your computer has a domain name assigned directly to it.
Generally, the City only determines visitor domain names if a security issue is suspected.
Unless you have directly registered a domain name, this information will not provide the City with your name and/or address.
The type of browser and operating system you used.
The date and time you visited this site.
The web pages or services you accessed at this site.
and.
The web site you visited prior to coming to this web site.
Certain City created applications, such as PDX Reporter, collect your location and other additional user provided information, such as your name and/or email address.
You control whether you provide your name and/or email address.
You may choose to rely on your mobile device to indicate the location of your service issue or you may choose to manually provide the location of your service issue.
In either case, you transmit your location to the City for the purpose of identifying a service issue.
The City uses this location information to distinguish services requests.
The City uses your name and email address to provide you with personalized updates on the service issues you reported.
We also collect aggregated information from all of our visitors to measure performance, analyze traffic patterns and improve Portland.
gov's content.
Some Portland.
gov services require you to register for an account.
We ask you for some information in order to create an account (typically your name, email address and a password for your account) and we will use that information to provide the service.
For certain services, such as our online payment services, we may request payment information which may be stored temporarily in encrypted form on secure servers.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations and the security purposes mentioned elsewhere in this notice, no other attempts are made to identify you or your usage habits.
The City strives to collect the minimum information necessary to comply with applicable law or provide the service requested.
The City does not sell or rent or your information, including email addresses, to any outside organization, unless legally required to do so under state or federal law.
The City does not disclose payment or other personally information other than as necessary to complete a financial transaction, upon explicit permission from the applicable user, or compelled by law.
If you have elected not to receive further information from the City, we will not send such information.
If you have elected to receive further communication from the City, we will only send information in categories that have been authorized.
Section B.
Personal Information and Choice.
"Personal identifiable information" is information about a natural person that is readily identifiable to that specific individual.
Personal information includes such things as an individual's name in combination with their social security number, drivers license number, or other financial information such as a payment card number.
A domain name or Internet Protocol address is not considered personal information.
We collect no personal identifiable information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us by sending us email, subscribing to notifications, participating in a survey, completing an online form, or engaging in an online transaction.
You may choose not to contact us by email, participate in a survey, provide personal information using an online form, or engage in an electronic transaction.
If personal identifiable information is requested on the web site or volunteered by you, federal or state law may protect it.
However, this information is treated like any other information provided to the City and may be subject to public inspection and copying if not protected by federal or state law.
If you believe that your personal identifiable information is being used for a purpose other than what was intended when submitted, you may contact the person identified in the Contact Information Section of this statement.
Users are cautioned that the collection of personal identifiable information requested from or volunteered by children online or by email will be treated the same as information given by an adult, and may be subject to public access.
Section C.
Public Access to Information.
The City may be required to release certain information under Oregon’s Public Records Law.
In the event of a conflict between this Privacy Notice and Oregon's Public Records Law or other law governing the disclosure of records, the law will control.
Section D.
Information Accuracy.
The City of Portland has made every reasonable effort to ensure the accuracy and timeliness of the information provided on this web site.
However, the City does not guarantee the accuracy of the information provided on this site.
Therefore, the City of Portland shall assume no liability for any errors, omissions or in inaccuracies in the information.
Section E.
Cookies.
Portland.
gov use "cookies" to enable streamlined services, such as streamlined logins.
Portland.
gov does not use cookies to track any personal information.
Cookies are text files, or entries in larger files, utilized to distinguish between visitors to a website and to track information during multiple visits to a website.
The use of cookies is a standard practice among websites.
Most web browsers may be customized to reject cookies, to only accept or reject cookies by your intervention, or to delete cookies.
Rejecting and/or removing cookies may lead to loss of functionality on those Portland.
gov pages that require cookies to function fully.
If you elected the "Save" option for signing in to Portland.
gov, the cookie will contain your password in an encrypted form.
Deleting such a cookie will require you to login next time you visit the site (the cookie is also removed if the "Log-Off" link is selected.
).
Section F.
Security.
Portland.
gov monitors network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or to otherwise cause damage to the site.
By using this Web site you expressly consent to such monitoring.
The City's Bureau of Technology Services takes appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration or destruction of data.
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this site are prohibited and may be punishable under the state Computer Trespass law and federal statutes including the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1984 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996.
Section G.
Electronic Commerce.
Increasingly, you have the option to do business with the City over the internet including making electronic payments for goods and services.
Such transactions are allowed only under tightly controlled circumstances, where there are appropriate technological and other safeguards in place to protect financial and other sensitive, personally identifiable data.
Under statute, the City is responsible for properly securing communications that are exempt from public disclosure including financial information.
Wherever possible, the City does not see or collect financial information.
Instead, designated banks route the data, transfer the funds and confirm payment to both you and the City.
Additional measures, including but not limited to encryption are used to ensure the integrity and security of your financial information.
Section H.
Third Party Links Disclaimer.
The City's web site has many links to other websites that are operated by third parties, such as other government agencies, nonprofit organizations and private businesses.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to third party sites.
Visitors linking to another site are encouraged to examine the privacy policy of that site.
Section I.
Children's Privacy Protection.
The City of Portland is not directed to children under 13, and does not knowingly collect personal information from children.
For information on the Childrens Online Protection Act (COPPA), please see.
.
Section J.
Interactive Features.
Portland.
gov interactive features (forums, comment boards and blogs, etc.
) are not public forums and you are not anonymous.
Prohibited uses include politics, advertising, and other such uses as determined from time to time.
Use of language inappropriate to minors and threatening or malicious comments are prohibited.
Forums are monitored regularly and objectionable content deleted.
Section K.
Contact Information.
If you have any questions or concerns about the City of Portland's use of your information or about this Privacy Statement, please send an email to .
This statement is effective on September 20, 2011.
Menu for  AboutAccessibilityCaptions and TranscriptionsPrivacy.
Accessibility.
Captions and Transcriptions.
Privacy.
Topics.
See something we could improve on this page.
Give website feedback.
The City of Portland ensures meaningful access to City programs, services, and activities to comply with Civil Rights Title VI and ADA Title II laws and reasonably provides.
translation, interpretation, modifications, accommodations, alternative formats, auxiliary aids and services.
Request these services online or call 503-823-4000, Relay Service.
711.
503-823-4000  Traducción e Interpretación | Biên Dịch và Thông Dịch  | 口笔译服务  |  Устный и письменный перевод  |  Turjumaad iyo Fasiraad | Письмовий і усний переклад  |  Traducere și interpretariat  |  Chiaku me Awewen Kapas | अनुवादन तथा व्याख्या.
General information.
Follow on Social Media.
Terms, policies.
ADA Accommodation.
Captioning, transcription.
Privacy policy.
Portland.
gov.
About this Website.
Employee Portal.
City of Portland, Oregon.
© Copyright 2018-2022.
