Support.
Login.
Nederlands.
English.
Deutsch.
Français.
Polski.
Italiano.
Español.
Português.
Industrial IoT Platform.
IXrouter models.
Industrial remote access.
User manual.
Pricing.
SolutionsBusiness modelsField service optimisationSLA validationLifecycle managementLearning from your machinesApplicationsRemote service & maintenanceImproving uptimeCondition monitoringAlarm managementPredictive maintenanceIndustriesIndustries we serve.
ProductsIIoT PlatformConnectivity productsPricing.
IIoT Platform.
Connectivity products.
Pricing.
Services.
ResourcesBlogBrochures & White papersCase studiesWebinars.
Blog.
Brochures & White papers.
Case studies.
Webinars.
About usAbout IXONEventsSecurityPressCareers.
About IXON.
Events.
Security.
Press.
Careers.
ContactContact usGet supportFind a distributorBecome IXON distributor.
Contact us.
Get support.
Find a distributor.
Become IXON distributor.
Other sites            Developer portal (API)IXON RoadmapIXON Cloud statusIXON Community forumVideosCareers.
Developer portal (API).
IXON Roadmap.
IXON Cloud status.
IXON Community forum.
Videos.
Careers.
English             English                             Deutsch                             Italiano.
English.
Deutsch.
Italiano.
Login.
Support.
Start Interactive Tour.
Home.
Privacy and cookie statement.
Privacy and Cookie Statement.
Version.
2.
1Date.
3 January 2022.
IXON takes the protection of your privacy very seriously and wants to be transparent regarding how your personal data is collected, processed and shared by us.
The personal data that is collected through our services is processed in accordance with the applicable privacy regulations.
This Privacy and Cookie Statement describes your rights and obligations with regard to two use cases.
the processing of personal data and the use of cookies when visiting our website(s).
go.
ixon.
cloud and lp.
ixon.
cloud, and.
the processing of personal data when we process quotes and orders.
What data do we collect and how will we use it.
We only collect, store and use personal data that is directly provided by you (for example via our contact form), or personal data of which it is clear that it is being provided to us in order to process it.
We will not use your personal data for any other goals, unless you have given us permission to do so or if we are legally obliged or allowed to do so.
Depending on how you use our website or the request you made to us, different types of data may be processed by us.
For example.
name and address information.
email address and/or telephone number.
payment information.
IP address.
We process your personal data for the following purposes.
to grant access to the website ixon.
cloud.
to use the different features of our website.
to contact you.
to introduce relevant news, products and services.
to gain insight in the use of our website.
to improve and evaluate our website and services.
to provide quotes to you.
to process your orders.
How do we collect your data.
IXON collects your personal data when you.
visiting our website(s).
go.
ixon.
cloud and lp.
ixon.
cloud.
directly provide your personal data to us (for example, via our contact form).
request a quote from us.
place an order with us.
How do we store your data.
Generally speaking, your personal data is only stored in countries within the European Economic Area (EEA).
Your data is stored utilising appropriate security systems and encrypted connections to protect your personal data against loss or any form of unlawful processing.
IXON may only share your personal data with third parties if this is permitted by current legislation.
We may share your personal data with third parties for the following purposes.
we contracted them to process certain data.
it is required for delivering our services to you.
we are required to do so by law.
The parties that process your personal data on our behalf are.
fulfilment partners.
shipping partners.
enterprise resource planning software providers.
IT service providers.
To be able to provide our services, IXON may provide your personal data to parties outside the EEA.
We will only do so if the party in question has suitable and adequate security controls in place to protect your data.
We will not store your personal data longer than necessary in order to achieve the purposes as described within this Privacy and Cookie Statement.
What are your rights.
You have the right to ask IXON to provide access to your personal data and/or to improve it, add to it, delete it, or block certain parts of it.
Please contact us for exercising your rights using our contact details below.
If you do not agree with how we are handling your personal data, you can always request further clarification from our Privacy Officer via .
If you feel that your problem has not being effectively resolved, you can contact the Dutch Data Protection Authority.
.
Cookies.
Cookies are small information files that can be automatically stored on, or read out from the device (including a PC, tablet, or smartphone) of the person visiting our website.
The information processed through the use of cookies, may be transferred to servers controlled by IXON, or to the servers of a third party.
On our website, cookies are being used to.
offer the functionalities on this website and to protect the website (technical or functional cookies).
analyse and improve the use of the website (analytical cookies).
provide us with insight about the visitors on this website (tracking cookies).
IXON websites use the following cookies.
Google Analytics (analytical cookie)IXON websites use Google Analytics in order to provide us with insight about the use of our website and the effectiveness of our campaigns.
The personal information obtained consists of your IP address and will be stored on servers owned by Google.
More information about the processing of personal data by Google Analytics can be found within the Privacy policy of Google.
Pardot (tracking cookie)IXON websites use Pardot web tracking, in order to provide us with insight about our website visitors.
The data obtained is anonymised and will be stored on servers owned by Pardot.
More information about the processing of personal data by Pardot can be found within the Privacy policy of Pardot.
ConvertFlow (tracking cookie)IXON websites use ConvertFlow web tracking, in order to identify new or recurring visitors.
This is used for instance to allow us to show custom pages/pop-ups specifically to new customers.
The data obtained is anonymised and will be stored on servers owned by ConvertFlow.
More information about the processing of personal data by ConvertFlow can be found within the Privacy policy of ConvertFlow.
Remarketing (tracking cookies)IXON websites use multiple remarketing cookies consisting of Google Adwords, Facebook and Linkedin tracking cookies.
These cookies are used to show advertisements on third party websites to visitors of our site.
The personal information obtained consists of your IP address and a unique browser ID and will be stored on servers owned by the respective party.
More information about the processing of personal data by these remarketing cookies can be found within the Privacy policy of the respective party.
Hotjar (tracking cookie)IXON websites use Hotjar web tracking, in order to provide us with how visitors use our websites.
The data obtained is anonymised and will be stored on servers owned by Hotjar.
More information about the processing of the deidentified data by Hotjar can be found within the Privacy policy of Hotjar.
YouTube (tracking cookie)IXON uses YouTube to show video content.
The data obtained is will be stored on servers owned by YouTube.
More information about the processing of the deidentified data by YouTube can be found within the Privacy policy of YouTube.
Disabling of cookies.
You can prevent the placement of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (check your browser’s ‘Help’ section for specific instructions).
In case you only want to accept the cookies for Google Analytics and the functioning of the website but not the advertisement cookies, you can choose the setting in your browser “block cookies of third parties”.
Beware.
most websites do not function optimally when cookies are disabled.
Removal of cookies.
Most cookies have an expiration date.
This means that they will automatically expire after a certain period and no longer register any data concerning your visit to the website.
Another option is to remove the cookies manually before the expiration date.
In order to do this, consult the instructions or ‘Help’ section of your browser.
Websites of third parties.
This Privacy and Cookie Statement is not applicable to websites of third parties that are connected with our website, via links.
We cannot guarantee that these third parties handle your personal data in a reliable and safe way.
Therefore, we suggest you read the privacy policy of these websites before using the website.
Adjustments to this Privacy and Cookie Statement.
We reserve the right to adjust this Privacy and Cookie Statement.
Adjustments will be published on this website.
It is recommended to consult this Privacy and Cookie Statement frequently, so that you are aware of any adjustments.
Contact details.
IXON B.
V.
Zuster Bloemstraat 205835 DW BeugenThe Netherlands.
Email.
+31 (0)85 744 1105.
Get in touch.
IIoT platform features.
Connectivity products.
IoT services for OEMs.
Global infrastructure.
Security & ISO certifcations.
Step by step guide.
Interactive product tour.
Request a demo.
Get a quote.
Contact us.
Support portal.
API docs.
IXON Community forum.
Knowledge articles.
Videos.
Create your free account.
Request IXrouter trial kit.
