Email Us | Shop Now.
630-499-2121.
About UsJanusCorporateCertifications.
Janus.
Corporate.
Certifications.
ProductsBy CarrierCellBridge™ ProductsLTE310SMT v1.
00LTE910CF v20.
0LTE910XF v20.
00LTE910T3 v20.
0LTE910T2 v20.
0LTE400AP v20.
00LTE910T2 GatewaysCF Plug-In ModemsHSPA910CF v1.
00LTE910CF CAT1LTE910CF CAT1 v15.
00LTE910CF Dual SIMLTE910CF CAT-M1/NB2XF Plug-In ModemsLTE910XF CAT1LTE910XF CAT1 v12.
00LTE910XF CAT-M1/NB2LTE910XF CAT 4 v8.
00LTE910XF CAT 4 v16.
00LTE400AP SBC GatewayLTE POTSwapPOTSwapLTE910T3 TerminalArduino ShieldCF Plug-In ComparisonLooking Forward.
By Carrier.
CellBridge™ ProductsLTE310SMT v1.
00LTE910CF v20.
0LTE910XF v20.
00LTE910T3 v20.
0LTE910T2 v20.
0LTE400AP v20.
00.
LTE310SMT v1.
00.
LTE910CF v20.
0.
LTE910XF v20.
00.
LTE910T3 v20.
0.
LTE910T2 v20.
0.
LTE400AP v20.
00.
LTE910T2 Gateways.
CF Plug-In ModemsHSPA910CF v1.
00LTE910CF CAT1LTE910CF CAT1 v15.
00LTE910CF Dual SIMLTE910CF CAT-M1/NB2.
HSPA910CF v1.
00.
LTE910CF CAT1.
LTE910CF CAT1 v15.
00.
LTE910CF Dual SIM.
LTE910CF CAT-M1/NB2.
XF Plug-In ModemsLTE910XF CAT1LTE910XF CAT1 v12.
00LTE910XF CAT-M1/NB2LTE910XF CAT 4 v8.
00LTE910XF CAT 4 v16.
00.
LTE910XF CAT1.
LTE910XF CAT1 v12.
00.
LTE910XF CAT-M1/NB2.
LTE910XF CAT 4 v8.
00.
LTE910XF CAT 4 v16.
00.
LTE400AP SBC Gateway.
LTE POTSwap.
POTSwap.
LTE910T3 Terminal.
Arduino Shield.
CF Plug-In Comparison.
Looking Forward.
LTE POTSwap.
SupportSupport POTSwapJanus ExplorerTechnical PapersApplication NotesServicesMediaPress ReleasesArticlesAdvertisementsPresentations & LiteratureSolutionsIndustrial AutomationEnergy UtilitiesVehicle TelematicsRetail and CommerceTrans and LogisticsSafety and SecurityPublic SectorHealth Telemedicine.
Support POTSwap.
Janus Explorer.
Technical Papers.
Application Notes.
Services.
MediaPress ReleasesArticlesAdvertisementsPresentations & Literature.
Press Releases.
Articles.
Advertisements.
Presentations & Literature.
SolutionsIndustrial AutomationEnergy UtilitiesVehicle TelematicsRetail and CommerceTrans and LogisticsSafety and SecurityPublic SectorHealth Telemedicine.
Industrial Automation.
Energy Utilities.
Vehicle Telematics.
Retail and Commerce.
Trans and Logistics.
Safety and Security.
Public Sector.
Health Telemedicine.
Contact UsCorporateReps & DistributorsCareers.
Corporate.
Reps & Distributors.
Careers.
Industrial Automation.
Energy Utilities.
Vehicle Telematics.
Retail and Commerce.
Trans and Logistics.
Safety and Security.
Public Sector.
Health Telemedicine.
Cellular Services.
CellBridge SMT IoT Kits.
Privacy Policy.
Thank you for visiting the Janus Remote Communications Web site, or parent company Connor-Winfield and any if its divisional sites.
This is how we handle privacy issues.
As explained below, we will collect no personal information about you when you visit our Web site unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Following is how we handle information regarding your visit to our website.
Changes in Privacy Policy.
All "personal information" ("personal information" is defined as any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact or locate the person to whom such information pertains) that we collect and maintain will be subject to the version of the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of collection.
Janus Remote Communications and Connor-Winfield Corp reserve the right to change the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion, and will provide notice of material changes on the home page of the Site.
You will be deemed to have been made aware of, and will subject to, such changes by your continued use of the Site after such notice has been posted for thirty (30) days with the following exceptions.
if, at the time you provide personal information to Janus Remote Communications/Connor-Winfield Corp, you are given the opportunity to limit how much information will be used to communicate with you, either by Janus Remote Communications, Connor-Winfield Corp or by third parties, Janus Remote Communications/Connor-Winfield Corp will not change your preference in this regard without your express consent.
Entities Collecting Personal Information.
Personal information on this Site is collected by.
The                       Site contains links to other sites at which personal information is collected.
In such instances, unless expressly provided to the contrary, the collection and use of your personal information will be governed by the privacy policy applicable to that site.
That privacy policy should identify the entity that is collecting your personal information.
Some Information Is Collected and Stored Automatically.
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the Web site, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store information about your visit automatically.
This information does not identify you personally.
We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit.
We use this information to                                   help us make our site more useful to visitors to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use.
We do not track or record information about individuals and their visits.
We no not enable "cookies" (a "cookie" is a file placed on your hard drive by a Web site that allows it to monitor your use of the site.
).
If You Provide Personal Information.
If you choose to provide us with personal information as in an email to one of our online email boxes, or by filling out a form with your personal information and submitting it to us through our Web site, we may use that information to respond to your message and to help us get you the information you have requested.
We treat emails the same way we treat letters or other written communications sent to us, but we do not collect personal information for any purpose other than to fulfill orders or to respond to your requests or inquiries.
We collect personally identifiable information (name, email address, or other unique identifier) only if specifically or knowingly provided by you.
We do not share the information you give us beyond our company (including its divisions) unless required by law.
Moreover, we do not give information you provide to us to any private organizations.
We do not collect information for third party marketing services or entities.
Legal Notice of Terms and Conditions.
Access to the Janus Remote Communications and Connor-Winfield Corp Web sites is provided subject to the following terms and conditions.
Please read these terms carefully as use of the Web site constitutes acceptance of all of the following terms and conditions.
Disclaimer of Liability.
Neither Janus Remote Communications, Connor-Winfield Corp, nor any of its divisions, programs, employees, agents or individual trustees shall be held liable for any improper or incorrect use of the information described and/or contained in the Web site(s) and assumes no responsibility for anyone's use of the information.
In no event, shall Janus Remote Communications, Connor-Winfield Corp or its divisions, programs, employees, agents or individual trustees be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including but not limited to, procurement or substitute goods or services.
loss of use, data, or profits.
or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this system, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.
This disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or injury, including but not limited to those caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of record, whether for breach of contract, tortious behavior, negligence or under any other cause of action.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Accuracy of Data.
Although the data found using the Janus Remote Communications Web site, Connor-Winfield Corp Web site, and the Web sites of its divisions, has been produced and processed from sources believed to be reliable, no warranty, express or implied, is made regarding accuracy, adequacy, completeness, legality, reliability or usefulness of any information.
This disclaimer applies to both isolated and aggregate uses of information.
Janus Remote Communications/Connor-Winfield Corp provides this information on an "as is" basis.
All warranties of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, freedom from contamination by computer viruses and non-infringement of proprietary rights are disclaimed.
Changes may be periodically made to to the information herein.
these changes may or may not be incorporated in any new version of the publication.
If a user has obtained information from any of the Web site pages via a source other than the online Web site pages, be aware that electronic data can be altered subsequent to the original distribution.
Data can also quickly become out of date.
It is recommended that careful attention be paid to the contents of any data associated with a file, and that the originator of the data or information be contacted with any questions regarding appropriate use.
If a user finds any errors or omissions, please report them to.
President, Janus Remote Communications/Connor-Winfield Corp.
, 2111 Comprehensive Dr.
, Aurora, IL 60505.
Disclaimer of Duty to Continue Provision of Data.
Due to the dynamic nature of the Internet, resources that are free and publicly available one day may require a fee or restricted access the next, and the location of items may change as menus, pages, and files are reorganized.
The user expressly agrees that the use of Janus Remote Communications/Connor-Winfield Corp Web site is at the user's sole risk.
Janus Remote Communications/Connor-Winfield Corp does not warrant that the service will be uninterrupted or error free.
The documents and related graphics published on this Web or server could contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors.
Changes are periodically added to the information herein.
Janus Remote Communication, Connor-Winfield Corp and/or its divisions may make improvements and/or changes in the information and/or programs described herein at any time.
Products.
CellBridge Products.
CF Plug-In Modems.
XF Plug-In Modems.
LTE400AP SBC Gateways.
LTE POTSwap.
POTSwap.
LTE910T2 Gateways.
LTE910T3 Terminal.
Janus Arduino Shield.
Legal Documents.
Acceptable Use Policy.
RMA Form and Terms & Conditions.
Janus Standard Terms and Conditions.
Wireless Hardware Limited Warranty.
Business Credit Application.
Certificate of EU Reach/SVHC168 Compliance.
NDAA_899 Telecom Declaration.
Corporate.
Connor-Winfield.
North American Office.
Aurora, IL USA.
630-499-2121email.
.
Copyright © 2009-2022 Janus Remote Communications.
All Rights Reserved.
All trademarks, service marks and similar designations referenced on this website are the property of their respective owners.
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Site Map.
