Help us improve your experience.
Let us know what you think.
Do you have time for a two-minute survey.
Access Partner Center.
Edit Account Information.
Register a New Product.
Create an Account.
Log out.
Brazil - Português.
Mexico - Español.
United States - English.
China - 中文.
Japan - 日本語.
Korea - 한국어.
France - Français.
Germany - Deutsch.
Italy - Italiano.
The Netherlands - Nederlands.
Spain - Español.
United Kingdom - English.
I'm interested in.
IT Networking.
Service Provider.
Cloud Operator.
Security.
Software & SaaS.
Search by.
Product.
Solution.
Industry.
Services.
Learn more about the benefits of Juniper’s Client-to-Cloud Architecture.
Automation.
Data Center.
Wired Access.
Wireless Access.
SD-WAN.
Enterprise WAN.
Enterprise at Home.
Indoor Location.
SASE.
IoT.
Learn how Juniper’s Experience-First Networking delivers differentiated experiences to service providers and their customers.
IP Transport.
Telco Cloud.
Managed Services.
Automation.
Service Provider Security.
Enabling innovation for cloud operators.
400G.
Data Center.
Cloud Routing.
Automation.
Software Disaggregation.
Make your network threat aware with Juniper Connected Security.
SASE.
Next-Generation Firewalls.
Public Cloud Security.
Threat Detection & Mitigation.
SD-WAN.
Secure Data Center.
Service Provider Security.
Discover cloud delivered or on-premise offerings.
AIOps.
Cloud Services.
Automation.
Security.
Telco Cloud.
Juniper Flex Licensing.
SASE.
Featured Products.
Apstra.
Firewalls.
Junos OS.
Marvis Virtual Network Assistant.
Mist AI & Cloud.
Paragon Automation.
Routers.
Session Smart Router.
SDN & Orchestration.
Security Services.
Switches.
Wireless APs & Edge.
Featured Solutions.
400G.
AIOps.
Automation.
Data Center.
Enterprise at Home.
IP Transport.
Security.
SASE.
SD-WAN.
Telco Cloud.
Wired Access.
Wireless Access.
Solutions.
Education.
Energy & Utilities.
Government.
Healthcare.
Media & Entertainment.
Retail.
Learn more about Juniper Global Services.
Advisory.
Implementation.
Migration.
Optimization.
Support.
Training.
Experience IT networking firsthand.
This is Juniper’s time.
And people are taking notice.
Explore options and offers to connect with the networking solution you need.
The time has come for a modern, automated metro networking approach that allows service providers to scale their network capacity alongside service demand.
Unlock the full power and potential of your network with our open, ecosystem approach.
Hear from Juniper Networks CEO Rami Rahim as he visits the lab to hear about the powerful performance of the 400G-capable PTX10008 router.
The Juniper Mist Cloud delivers a modern microservices cloud architecture to meet your digital transformation goals for the AI-Driven Enterprise.
Apply a Zero Trust framework to your data center network security architecture to protect data and applications.
Discover how you can manage security on-premises, in the cloud, and from the cloud with Security Director Cloud.
Explore options to quickly connect you with the networking solution you need.
See all of our product families in one place.
Get a list of products by name.
Browse all Juniper solutions.
Explore options to quickly connect you with the networking solution you need.
Browse all Juniper industry solutions.
Explore options to quickly connect you with the networking solution you need.
Explore options to quickly connect you with the networking solution you need.
Our Partners.
Partner Overview.
Find a Partner.
Find a Distributor.
Services Partners.
Strategic Alliances.
Solution Partners.
Technology Alliances.
Become a Partner.
Partner Advantage Program.
Unified Managed Services Program.
Partner Resources.
Partner Log In.
Mist Partner Log In.
Learning Academy.
Create a Partner Account.
Juniper Champions.
Company.
About Us.
Company Profile.
Inclusion & Diversity.
Climate Change & Sustainability.
Leadership.
Our Values.
Careers.
Culture & Careers.
Current Openings.
Press & Analysts.
Analyst Relations.
Investor Relations.
Newsroom.
Why Juniper.
Industry Recognition.
Community.
Customer Success Stories.
How to Buy.
Partnerships.
Juniper Support.
Self-Service Tools.
Welcome to Juniper.
Getting Started.
Juniper Support Portal.
Product License Keys.
Product Entitlement Search.
Update Install Base.
Contact Support.
Downloads.
EX Series.
MX Series.
PTX Series.
QFX Series.
SRX Series.
Junos Space.
SSG Series.
All Downloads.
Documentation.
Knowledge Base.
TechLibrary.
Problem Report Search.
Pathfinder.
Community.
Security Intelligence.
Report a Vulnerability.
Training.
Juniper Training.
Schedule of Live Classes.
On-demand Courses.
Free Training.
All Courses.
Payment Options.
Certification.
Juniper Certification.
Certification Tracks.
Certification Resources.
Exam Registration.
Recertification.
Manage My Certs.
Events and Ideas.
The Feed (Videos & Podcasts).
Juniper Summit.
All Global Events.
Offers & Trials.
Test Drive Juniper.
Demos.
Demo Wednesday.
Conversations.
Elevate Community.
Juniper Threat Labs.
Twitter.
.
Access Partner Center.
Edit Account Information.
Register a New Product.
Create an Account.
Log out.
Brazil - Português.
Mexico - Español.
United States - English.
China - 中文.
Japan - 日本語.
Korea - 한국어.
France - Français.
Germany - Deutsch.
Italy - Italiano.
The Netherlands - Nederlands.
Spain - Español.
United Kingdom - English.
Juniper Privacy Policy.
July 2021 Update.
What We DoOur Commitment to PrivacyInformation We May CollectPurposes of Processing Personal InformationMarketing PreferencesSharing and Disclosure of Personal InformationSecurity of Personal InformationRetention of Personal InformationUse of Cookies and Similar TechnologiesJob ApplicantsChildren and MinorsThird-Party SitesLocal Privacy RightsHow to Contact UsChanges to Our Privacy Policy.
Supplemental Privacy Information.
COVID-19 NoticeJuniper Recruiting Privacy PolicyCookies and Tracking Technologies Notice.
Regional Data Protection Information.
Europe European Privacy NoticePost Schrems II International Personal Data Transfers - FAQ.
AmericasBrazil Privacy NoticeCalifornia Privacy NoticeColombia Personal Data Policies and Proceedings Manual.
Asia PacificIndia NoticeChina Privacy Notice.
Additional Notices for Products and ServicesJuniper Sky Enterprise Supplement Juniper ATP Cloud Contrail Service Orchestration Supplement Mist Supplement.
Juniper Customer Data Protection Agreements Customer Data Protection and Privacy Exhibit for Juniper Products and Services.
Additional Local Provisions Argentina – Data Export California Consumer Privacy Act Confirmation for Customers and Partners Russia Annex to Appendix 3 of the Customer Data Protection and Privacy Exhibit For Juniper Product and Services—English Version.
What We Do.
We, Juniper Networks, Inc.
, 1133 Innovation Way, Sunnyvale, California 94089 USA, and other companies in Juniper Networks, Inc.
’s group worldwide, including Mist Systems, Inc.
(collectively, “Juniper Networks”), provide telecommunications network infrastructure products and solutions for enterprise networks, for the cloud and for service providers (collectively, the “Juniper Products”).
Our technology includes, for example, routers, switches, network management software and network security products, both wired and wireless.
You can find examples of our products, solutions and services here.
.
We typically distribute Juniper Products through resellers and partners.
In cases where Juniper Products are used by our customers and partners on their own premises and in their own cloud account(s), we generally do not have access to the data (whether personal data or other confidential data of our customers or partners) processed by the Juniper Products unless we are providing installation services, customer support or success services, quality assurance, testing or other professional services.
When we do have access to personal information of individuals, it is typically as a service provider/supplier to our customers and partners, with limited exceptions, such as, for example.
For our Websites  and  related sub-sites and other Websites and mobile applications that we provide (the “Websites,” which are included in the Juniper Products).
For our advertising, marketing, promotion, industry outreach and educational efforts (which are primarily in a business-to-business context versus direct to individual consumers).
In our relationships with operational vendors and suppliers.
In our role as a service provider/supplier, our contracts generally restrict us from processing personal information of our customers and partners except for the purposes permitted under our contracts and under applicable law.
This Privacy Policy is provided publicly including as notice to Juniper Networks’ current and prospective customers and partners (including suppliers, vendors, resellers, OEMs, distributors and other third parties), end users of any Juniper Products, and visitors to, and users of, our Websites.
Our Commitment to Privacy.
Juniper Networks respects and is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals, including protecting any personal information of visitors to our Websites as well as any personal information we may process in connection with any Juniper Products.
Together with the additional information at the links available above, this Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes our personal information processing in connection with the Juniper Products.
Additional license terms, terms of use, contracts, agreements and privacy statements may also apply to particular Juniper Products.
If there are contradictions between this Policy and the more specific information for a particular Juniper Product, the more specific information shall prevail to the extent permitted under applicable law.
Information We May Collect.
Juniper Networks may collect the following categories of personal information through our Websites or in connection with our Juniper Products (in which case we are generally acting as a service provider to, and data processor for, our customers and partners).
Name.
Email address.
Postal or physical address or other contact information.
Social media account information.
Phone number(s).
Professional title/role and name of employer or other entity with which the individual is associated in a professional capacity.
IP addresses or other access log information.
MAC address.
Device ID information.
Any other personal information that our customers or partners elect to collect and share with Juniper Networks using the Juniper Products.
Information needed to answer a request or provide information and services to an individual.
Any information we are required to collect, or that is appropriate to collect, in order to comply with applicable laws or regulations.
Purposes of Processing Personal Information.
We process personal information to support our customers and partners in their use of Juniper Products.
to market, promote and distribute Juniper Products.
to select and work with vendors and suppliers.
for our operations and administration, including in personnel matters, and for other legitimate purposes to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Examples of processing include.
Marketing, advertising and promoting Juniper Products.
Distributing, installing, operating, supporting, maintaining and upgrading Juniper Products and related analytics.
Providing customer service, technical support, consulting or cloud-based information security services.
Participating in seminars and training (whether in-person or online).
Operating and maintaining our Websites, including providing product demonstrations and resource materials.
Enabling the use of certain features of Juniper Products.
Personalizing the experience of visitors to our Websites or users of the Juniper Products.
Working with our partners (including suppliers, vendors, resellers, OEMs, distributors and other third parties).
Responding to and communicating with you regarding your inquiries to Juniper (whether in-person or online).
Analyzing, improving and developing our Websites, Juniper Products and internal business processes.
Other legitimate purposes as required or permitted by applicable law.
Marketing Preferences.
If you are interested in tailored information regarding our products and services, as well as other information we think may be useful to you, you can provide us with your preferences and interests and update them on our preferences page located at  If you do not wish to receive marketing emails from us, you may opt out by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link on any of our emails.
Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information.
We share personal information within the Juniper Networks group, as well as with our customers and partners (including suppliers, vendors, resellers, OEMs, distributors and other third parties), for purposes and in situations that may include.
To market, advertise and promote Juniper Products, including by sharing personal information with third-party service providers.
To distribute, install, operate, support, maintain and upgrade Juniper Products and related analytics.
To provide customer service, technical support, consulting or cloud-based information security services, including by sharing personal information with third-party service providers.
To provide seminars and training (whether in-person or online).
To operate, maintain and personalize our Websites for visitors and users of our Products, including providing product demonstrations and resource materials, and including sharing personal information with third-party service providers.
To enable use of certain features of Juniper Products.
To work with our partners (including suppliers, vendors, resellers, OEMs, distributors and other third parties) pursuant to legal agreements.
When we have an individual’s consent to share the information.
As part of group or team collaborations, such as for a particular project, product or service.
In connection with blogs, message boards, chat rooms or other similar forums, whether publicly shared or shared by or with customers, partners or end users interacting with login access, including related to feedback or suggestions for improvements to Juniper Networks products or services.
In connection with, or during the negotiation of, any merger, sale of company assets, consolidation or restructuring, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by or to another company, including the transfer of contact information and data of customers, partners and end users.
As part of a joint sales promotion or to pass sales leads to one of our distribution partners.
To keep individuals up to date on the latest product announcements, product updates, special offers or other information we think they would like to hear about either from us or from our service providers and partners.
In response to a request for information by a competent authority, if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or is otherwise required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
With law enforcement officials, government authorities or other third parties as necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of Juniper Networks, its business partners, you or others, or as otherwise required by applicable law.
In an aggregated and de-identified or anonymized form.
With affiliates and subsidiaries as necessary to operate our business.
For other legitimate purposes permitted by applicable law.
Juniper has affiliates, subsidiaries and operations globally and may transfer your personal information on a global basis to operate its business.
If personal information is transferred to a Juniper recipient in a country that does not provide an adequate level of protection for personal information, Juniper will take measures designed to adequately protect your personal information.
Security of Personal Information.
Juniper Networks safeguards the security of the personal information and other data provided to us with appropriate physical, administrative and technical procedures.
Inside Juniper Networks, personal information is stored in secured and controlled servers with limited access.
Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country where Juniper Networks, Inc.
, its subsidiaries or its service providers are located.
When you use our Websites, you are transferring information to the United States and other locations where Juniper Networks or its service providers operate.
While we strive to protect personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of the personal information provided to us, as no transmission of information through the Internet can ever be completely secure.
We urge individuals to protect their personal information when using the Internet by, for example, changing passwords often and using a combination of letters and numbers, and making sure to use a secure browser.
If we learn of and confirm the occurrence of a security incident leading to the misappropriation or accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, your personal information transmitted, stored or otherwise processed on Juniper systems that compromises the confidentiality, integrity or availability of your personal information, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our Websites or by sending you an email.
You may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing or in any other form required by applicable law.
Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies.
Juniper Networks and our partners use cookies and other tracking technologies (such as web beacons and device identifiers) to recognize visitors to our Websites and provide those users with certain website functionality.
For more information, see our Cookies and Tracking Technologies Notice.
Retention of Personal Information.
We will retain your personal information as needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Job Applicants.
For more information about Juniper's processing of personal data related to job applications, see the Juniper Recruiting Privacy Policy.
Children and Minors.
Our Websites do not target and are not intended to attract children or minors under the age of 16.
Juniper Networks does not knowingly solicit personal information from children or minors under the age of 16 or send them requests for personal information.
If you believe we have collected personal information from a person under 16 years old without the consent of their parent or legal guardian, please let us know immediately by contacting us as indicated in this Policy and providing sufficient information so we can act appropriately.
Third-Party Sites.
Our Websites may provide links to Third-Party Sites that are outside our control and not covered by this Policy.
Juniper Networks is not liable for any information, content, products, services, software or other materials available on or through a Third-Party Site.
The use of an external website or any information or other content found on external websites is subject to and governed by the terms and conditions of such website.
We encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on such Third-Party Sites.
Local Privacy Rights.
Residents of certain countries and states, including residents of the European Union, California (USA) and Brazil have specific rights in relation to their personal information.
For more information, see the Regional Data Protection Information section of this Privacy Policy.
How to Contact Us.
Juniper Networks encourages all individuals who provide personal information to Juniper Networks to keep their personal information accurate and up to date.
Personal information may, in many cases, be updated by you online.
If you have any concerns about how we process your data or would like to exercise any of your privacy rights that may be available under applicable law, you can make a request here.
You can also write to Juniper Networks, Inc.
, Attn.
Legal-Privacy, 1133 Innovation Way, Sunnyvale, California 94089 USA.
You also have the right to file a complaint with a competent data protection authority if you are a resident of an applicable jurisdiction, such as Brazil or a European Union member state.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy.
Juniper Networks may amend this Policy from time to time, and if we make changes that affect the way we use your personal information, we will notify you by posting a revised statement on our Websites or Juniper Products.
Where appropriate, we will notify you by additional means.
July 2021 Update.
Click here for the previous Privacy Policy.
Get updates from Juniper.
Follow Us.
© 1999 - 2022 Juniper Networks, Inc.
All rights reserved.
