Privacy Policy.
Last updated.
April 10, 2020.
Welcome.
Welcome to the Privacy Policy for  (or the “Site”), operated by Kaloom Inc.
(hereafter referred to as “Kaloom™”, “we”, “us”, and “our”).
Your privacy is very important to us.
This Privacy Policy explains how personal information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Kaloom with respect to your use and interaction the Site and its services (the “Services”).
We may change certain parts of this Privacy Policy from time to time, so be sure check this Privacy Policy regularly.
How We Collect Information.
We collect personal information from you when you provide information directly to us, for example, when you contact us, such as when you inquire about our Service, request a demo or make inquiries to our webmaster.
We may also collect personal information from third-parties who you provided information to, such as providers related to our Services.
Like many websites and online services, we also automatically collect technical data.
See “Cookies and Advertising” below for more information.
Type of personal information collected.
Examples of personal information we collect, and use are.
Contact information, such as full name, email address, telephone number.
User name and password.
Name, e-mail address and mailing address of other individuals that you provide to us.
Information you provide when you contact us, provide feedback, make a complaint or other inquiries.
Tracking data such as time spent on web pages, clicks, actions.
Administer, troubleshoot, enhance and manage our online Services Kaloom uses your personal information to.
Send processing communications, including updates on your subscription or account.
Send promotional communications such as special offers or other promotions (if you have subscribed).
Manage your account.
Analyze the accuracy and effectiveness of our Site and Services.
Analyzing and understanding our customers and their needs.
Meet obligations as required by applicable laws, i.
e.
fraud detection, enforcing our business terms and agreements.
Tailor your experience while visiting the Site.
Responding to inquiries, complaints and other communications to Kaloom.
Other purposes that we identify to you from time to time.
Cookies and Advertising.
Cookies.
Like lots of websites, we use cookies and other similar tracking technologies (such as pixel tags, scripts, etags and web beacons) on our Site (“cookies+”).
A cookie is a small text file installed on your computer or other device that enables the Site to recognize you.
It consists of a unique number and can distinguish you from other individuals that visit our Site.
It does not contain any personal details.
This means that it is very difficult to identify you personally on the basis of such cookies or identify you when you visit third-party websites.
We use two types of cookies on our Site - persistent and session cookies.
Persistent cookies remain on your device after you leave our Site while session cookies are temporary and are deleted from your device after you close your browser.
Depending on the type, the cookies may be necessary for the Site to function, or improve performance or assist us in recognizing you, such as when you log into your account.
We collect this data to help us analyze our Site flow, content structure and visitor preferences, as well as prepopulate data so that you do not have to enter it over and over again.
We may also collect data to assist in our B2B marketing and to tailor advertisements to you.
Our third-party service management providers use third party cookies or other digital markers to help us maintain and improve the Site and deliver interest-based advertising on the Site and on other websites.
We may use interest-based advertising services because we believe that advertising tailored to your particular interests is more helpful and relevant to you.
We also use tools to assist in our marketing campaigns, for example so that we may provide more tailored and informative promotional messages.
The following table sets out the type of cookies used, and may change from time to time.
Name of Cookies.
HubSpot                        Marketing.
HubSpot Forms           Analytics.
Google Analytics         Analytics.
Do you share personal information.
You have rights when it comes to cookies and advertising.
Jump to “Your Rights” to learn more, including how to opt-out.
Service providers.
We may share personal information with third party service providers who assist Kaloom in providing and administering the Site and our Services.
Third parties are contractually obligated to safeguard information and only use the information provided to them for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Promotional Partners.
We may share information with our business and promotional partners to send you information, by email, telephone or other means, about products and services you may like.
Users may opt-out of receiving communications at any time.
See Your Rights on how to opt-out of receiving promotional emails.
Government and Legal Authorities.
We may disclose personal information to government, regulatory and/or law enforcement agencies with lawful jurisdiction or is otherwise required or permitted by law.
Other websites and your information.
Our Site may be linked from another website or have links to other websites such as social media platforms.
This Privacy Policy only relates to our collection and use of your information on this Site and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other third-party websites.
We encourage you to read all privacy policies of websites you visit.
Security, storage and retention of your personal information.
Kaloom employs reasonable measures to protect and ensure the security of your personal information from unauthorized use, access, disclosure, alteration, destruction or loss.
Your personal information is stored and/or processed or otherwise used by or on behalf of Kaloom in Canada and the United Sates.
We retain your information for as long as necessary or relevant for the listed purposes in this Privacy Policy, or as required by any applicable legal and retention obligations.
Your Rights.
Cookies.
Most browsers are set up to accept cookies.
however, the “help” feature of the menu bar on most browsers will explain how you can stop accepting cookies and how to turn off existing cookies.
Please note that if you choose not to accept cookies you may not have access to certain features that make your experience of the Site more efficient and some of the features on the Site may not function properly.
Interest-Based Advertising.
You can opt-out of advertising programs that track your activities across multiple websites to deliver personalized advertising content to you.
Please visit.
For Canada.
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page.
.
For Canada and U.
S.
NAI Opt-Out Page.
.
For Canada and U.
S.
Ad Choices Opt-Out Page.
.
For European Residents.
youronlinechoices.
eu.
Please note that if you opt-out you may still receive online advertising from Kaloom on other websites or applications.
however, these advertisements will not be displayed to you based on your interests.
Please also note that deleting browser cookies can remove your opt-out preferences, so we encourage you to revisit these tools from time to time.
Access Request.
You can access your information directly from your account.
You can make a request directly to the organization using our services, in which case we will assist as necessary.
If you make a request to us, we will let you know what personal information Kaloom has about you, what it is being used for, and with whom it has been shared.
If you notice any inaccuracies or wish to update any part of your personal information, we will look into that as well.
Kaloom will provide you with access to your personal information that is in our possession, subject to certain exceptions, including information that is referenced to another individual’s personal information that we cannot sever, or information subject to solicitor-client privilege, or other legal restrictions that may prevent us from fulfilling your access request.
See below for contact details.
Residents of the E.
U.
Under the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), residents of the E.
U.
also have the right to request of erasure of personal data, right to restrict processing, and in certain circumstances the right to data portability.
See below for contact details.
Opt-out of receiving marketing emails.
In the event you wish to unsubscribe from receiving promotional email communications from Kaloom, you may opt-out by.
Removing yourself by clicking “unsubscribe” at the bottom of an email we send you, or.
Contact us at the details below.
If you opt-out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages relating to our business relationship.
Contact Us.
To contact us with questions about this Privacy Policy or to make a request.
Email.
.
Mail.
Kaloom Inc.
Attention.
Privacy Officer.
355 Rue Peel, Suite 403.
Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
H3C 2G9.
Telephone.
+1 888 683 8005.
355 Peel Street, Suite 403.
Montréal, Québec, Canada.
H3C 2G9.
+1 514 315 2259.
+1 888 683 8005.
Stay Updated.
