Featured Products.
Product SMD LEDSMD DisplayCircuit Board IndicatorHigh Brightness LEDThrough-Hole LEDThrough-Hole DisplayIR, Photo-transistorUV LEDWhite, Special Colors & CustomApplication Notes.
SMD LED.
SMD Display.
Circuit Board Indicator.
High Brightness LED.
Through-Hole LED.
Through-Hole Display.
IR, Photo-transistor.
UV LED.
White, Special Colors & Custom.
Application Notes.
Resources CatalogBrochures/FlyersOrder Tracking.
Catalog.
Brochures/Flyers.
Order Tracking.
Contact Us Contact UsRequest For QuoteGeneral InquiryContact Sales RepsContact Authorized Distributors.
Contact Us.
Request For Quote.
General Inquiry.
Contact Sales Reps.
Contact Authorized Distributors.
About Us About KingbrightCertificationsNewsFAQ.
About Kingbright.
Certifications.
News.
FAQ.
Privacy Policy.
It is Kingbright's policy to respect and protect the privacy of our customers and the users of  (hereinafter, the "Site").
Through this Internet Privacy Statement, we want to reassure users of the Site that we will not sell, share, or rent user information to others in a manner different than as set forth in this Internet Privacy Statement.
Placing Orders and Information Collection.
Places an Order.
Registers on the  Site.
Requests notification of an order status.
Requests a sample or Catalog.
Submits an E-mail.
Gathering and Sharing of Information, Links to External and Co-Branded Websites.
Where appropriate, we share aggregated statistical information with our business partners.
These statistics include no personally identifying information.
We use a credit card processing company to bill purchasers of goods and services from the Site, and depending upon the goods and services being ordered and where they are being shipped, we may also use outside suppliers and/or delivery companies to assist us in fulfilling and delivering orders.
We share with them the information necessary to enable such card processing, fulfillment, and delivery of goods (i.
e.
.
name, address, and as appropriate, payment information).
Consent.
Security Information.
We take credit card information security seriously and use a variety of technical solutions to make shopping safe at our Site.
Furthermore, your information is encrypted and is protected utilizing the industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption software.
While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just 'surfing'.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also protect user- information off-line.
All of the information of our Site's users, including the sensitive information mentioned above, is maintained in a restricted section in our offices.
Only those of our employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our account or customer service representatives) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Furthermore, our employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices.
If you have any questions about the security at our Site, you can send an e-mail to .
Cookies.
Surveys & Contests.
Users of the Site can always update the personally identifying information that they have provided to Kingbright simply by accessing and updating their account information on the Site or by e-mailing us at .
Contact Us.
KINGBRIGHTEmail.
+1 909 468 0500225 Brea Canyon Road, City of Industry, CA 91789, USA.
Subscribe.
Enter your e-mail below to subscribe to our free newsletter.
We promise not to bother you often.
