Find a Doctor.
Conditions & Care.
Find a Location.
Search.
Patients & Visitors.
MyChart.
Careers.
Giving.
913-588-1227.
I'm a patient or exploring care.
I'm visiting a patient.
I'm a medical professional.
I'm an educator or student.
Request An Appointment.
Pharmacy.
Price estimator tool.
Pay Online.
MyChart Information.
Insurance Coverage.
Medical Records.
After-Hours Care Phone Number.
Patient Relations.
Classes & Events.
About Us.
Notice of Privacy Practices.
Find a Location.
Patient Information.
Hospital Visitor Guidelines.
Hotels and Lodging.
Neighborhood Guide.
Dining.
Refer a Patient.
Referring Physicians and Resources.
Emergency Services.
Medical Staff Affairs.
Education programs services.
Careers.
Residency and Fellowship Programs.
About the University of Kansas Medical Center.
Excellence in academics.
Excellence in research.
Learning to provide excellent patient care.
Find a Doctor.
Conditions & Care.
Find a Location.
Home.
Privacy Policy.
Print.
Share.
Privacy Policy.
Last Updated.
March 1, 2019.
This is the privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") that governs how The University of Kansas Hospital Authority d/b/a The University of Kansas Health System and our affiliates ("UKHS", "we", "our", or "us") uses Personal Information (defined below) that we collect, receive, and store about you in connection with your use of our website  and any other website or application that we operate that links to this Privacy Policy (each, together with its sub-domains, content and services, a "Site").
We are committed to protecting your online privacy.
In general, you can visit our Site without revealing any Personal Information.
However, you may be asked to provide Personal Information to gain access to some of our content and services.
This information helps us to better ascertain and address the health care needs and concerns of Site visitors.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information" means any information that may be used, either alone or in combination with other information, to personally identify an individual.
1.
Changes to this privacy policy.
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time.
You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by reviewing the "Last Updated" legend at the top of this page.
We will provide you with email or other written notice of material changes to the Privacy Policy as appropriate under the circumstances.
UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED, ANY CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY WILL APPLY IMMEDIATELY UPON POSTING TO OUR SITE.
2.
Site linking.
The information posted on the Site may include hypertext links or pointers to information created and maintained by other public and/or private organizations, either affiliated with, or in partnership with UKHS.
UKHS provides these links and pointers solely for Site users' information and convenience.
The includion of links on the Site should not be construed as an endorsement by UKHS of those links or their contents.
When users select a link to an outside web site, they are leaving the Site and are subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the third party web site.
3.
Personal information collected.
3.
1.
Personal information you provide to us on our site.
a) Types of personal information.
We and our service providers collect the Personal Information set forth below in order to provide our Site to you, or because we are legally required to do so.
If you do not provide the Personal Information we request, we may not be able to provide you with certain features of our Site.
The Personal Information we and our service providers collect includes but is not limited to.
Your name.
Email address.
Address.
Phone.
Communications you send to us.
Information you may provide via the Site if you apply for a job with us, including, without limitation, information about your education, qualifications, experience and interests.
b) Personal health information.
We and our service providers may collect information about your health or condition, for example, if you request further information about joining one of our clinical trials, sign up to our MyChart service, or otherwise contact us through the Site and provide your personal health information to us.
Any submission of personal health information will be governed by our Notice of Privacy Practices located at.
.
c)  When personal information is collected.
You may be required to provide us with certain information that may constitute Personal Information in the following ways.
CONTACT INFORMATION    In various areas of our Site and in printed materials, we provide you the opportunity to submit a form with basic contact information, such as your name, email, or mailing address.
With your permission, UKHS uses such information to inform you of services, and upcoming events that may be of interest.
If you no longer wish to receive these emails, the opt-out process is described in Section 7.
2 of this Privacy Policy.
In addition, if you choose, you may participate in a UKHS e-mail list server by subscribing within our Site or by contacting UKHS staff directly.
You may unsubscribe from these e-mail list servers by following the unsubscribe instructions found within the list email.
E-mail communication that you send to us via the e-mail links on our Site may be shared with a customer service representative, employee, or medical expert that is most able to address your inquiry.
We make every effort to respond in a timely fashion once communications are received.
Because e-mail does not provide a completely secure and confidential means of communication, please do not use e-mail if you wish to keep your communication private.
Instead, call (913) 588-1227 or toll-free (800) 332-6048 with your request.
PAYMENT INFORMATION    When you elect to pay a bill for services received via our Site, third-party service providers acting on our behalf process payment information, including payment card details and billing addresses.
Any Personal Information collected by such third parties will be subject to the third parties’ privacy policy, rather than this Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH VARIOUS FORMS    We and our service providers may collect Personal Information in a variety of ways, including.
(i) through use of our Site, e.
g.
, when you sign up for a newsletter or apply for a job with us.
(ii) offline, such as when you contact customer service.
or (iii) from other sources, social media platforms (including from people with whom you are friends or otherwise connected) and from other third parties.
In addition, if you elect to connect your social media account to our Site, certain Personal Information from your social media account will be shared with us, which may include Personal Information that is part of your profile or your friends' profiles.
PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU DISCLOSE RELATING TO OTHERS    If you disclose any Personal Information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with our Site, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
SOCIAL MEDIA    We have worked with certain third-party social media providers to offer you their social networking services through our Site.
For example, you can use third-party social networking services, including but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, and others to share information about your experience on our Site with your friends and followers on those social networking services.
These social networking services may be able to collect information about you, including your activity on our Site.
These third-party social networking services also may notify your friends, both on our Site and on the social networking services themselves, that you are a user of our Site or about your use of our Site, in accordance with applicable law and their own privacy policies.
If you choose to access or make use of third-party social networking services, we may receive information about you that you have made available to those social networking services, including information about your contacts on those social networking services.
You also may be able to link an account from a social networking service (e.
g.
, Facebook, Google+, Yahoo.
) to an account through our Site.
This may allow you to use your credentials from the other site or service to sign in to certain features on our Site.
If you link your account from a third-party site or service, we may collect information from those third-party accounts, and any information that we collect will be governed by this Privacy Policy.
Our Site provides Social Media Features ("Features"), such as the Facebook Like button, and widgets such as the "Share" button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site ("Widgets").
These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly.
Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site.
Your interactions with these Features and Widgets are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
3.
2.
Personal information you provide to third parties on our site.
Please note that we use certain third party service providers on our Site to enhance your experience or deliver certain services.
These providers may collect Personal Information about you in performing their services and/or functions on our Site.
3.
3.
Information collected automatically.
Certain information on our Site is collected automatically by means of various software tools.
We have a legitimate interest in using such information to assist in log-in, systems administration purposes, information security and abuse prevention, to track user trends, and to analyze the effectiveness of our Site.
Alone or in combination with other information, such automatically collected information may constitute Personal Information.
Some of our service providers (described in Section 5, below) may use cookies or other methods to gather information regarding your use of our Site.
Such third parties may use these cookies or other tracking methods for their own purposes by relating information about your use of our Site with any Personal Information about you that they may have.
The use of such information by a third party depends on the privacy policy of that third party.
a) Log files on our site.
The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ("IP") addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, clicked pages and any other information your browser may send to us.
b) Cookies.
We use cookies to make interactions with our Site easy and meaningful.
When you visit our Site, our servers may send a cookie to your computer.
Standing alone, cookies do not personally identify you.
they merely recognize your web browser.
Unless you choose to identify yourself to us, either by responding to a promotional offer, opening an account, or filling out a web form, you remain anonymous to us.
We may use cookies that are session-based and persistent.
Session cookies exist only during one session.
They disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer.
Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you close your browser or turn off your computer.
Please note that if you disable your web browser’s ability to accept cookies, you will be able to navigate our Site, but you may not be able to successfully use all of the features of our Site.
The following sets out how we may use different categories of cookies and your options for managing cookie settings.
Required cookies enable you to navigate our Site and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of our Site and using our services.
If you have chosen to identify yourself to us, we use cookies containing encrypted information to allow us to uniquely identify you.
Each time you log into our Site, a cookie containing an encrypted, unique identifier that is tied to your account is placed on your browser.
These cookies allow us to uniquely identify you when you are logged into our Site and to process your online transactions and requests.
These cookies collect information about how you use our Site, including which pages you go to most often and if they receive error messages from certain pages.
These cookies do not collect information that individually identifies you.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and anonymous.
It is only used to improve how our Site functions and performs.
From time-to-time, we may engage third parties to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from individuals who visit our Site.
We may also utilize Flash cookies for these purposes.
Learn how to opt out of performance cookies  using your browser settings.
Learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies.
Functionality cookies allow our Site to remember information you have entered or choices you make (such as your username, language, or your region) and provide enhanced, more personal features.
These cookies also enable you to optimize your use of our Site after logging in.
These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customize.
We may use local shared objects, also known as Flash cookies, to store your preferences or display content based upon what you view on our Site to personalize your visit.
Learn how to opt out of performance cookies using your browser settings.
Learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies.
From time-to-time, we may engage third parties to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from individuals who visit our Site.
We sometimes use cookies delivered by third parties to track the performance of our advertisements.
For example, these cookies remember which browsers have visited our Site.
The information provided to third parties does not include Personal Data, but this information may be re-associated with Personal Data after we receive it.
By way of example, as you browse our Site, advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in.
Our advertising partners then enable us to present you with retargeted advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with our Site.
We also contract with third-party advertising networks and similar partners that collect IP addresses and other information from web beacons (see below) on our Site, from emails, and on third-party sites.
Ad networks follow your online activities over time by collecting Site Navigational Information through automated means, including through the use of cookies.
They use this information to provide advertisements about products and services tailored to your interests.
You may see these advertisements on other websites.
This process also helps us manage and track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
Third parties, with whom we partner to provide certain features on our Site or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity, use Flash cookies to collect and store information.
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored.
Learn more about these and other advertising networks and their opt out instructions.
Learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies.
c) Other tracking technologies.
When you visit our Site, we may collect your IP address for certain purposes such as, for example, to monitor the regions from which you navigate our Site.
We may also use web beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about your usage of our Site and interaction with emails from us.
Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of information on your computer, such as cookies, when you viewed a particular site tied to the web beacon.
For example, we may place web beacons in marketing emails that notify us when you click on a link in the email that directs you to our Site.
We may use web beacons to operate and improve our Site and email communications.
d) Analytics software tools.
We use Google Analytics on our Site to help us analyze the traffic on our Site.
For more information on Google Analytics' processing of Personal Data, please see  By using a browser plugin  provided by Google, you can opt out of Google Analytics.
4.
The purposes for which we use personal information.
If you submit or we collect Personal Information through our Site, then such personal Information may be used in the following ways.
(i) to provide, analyze, administer, and improve our Site and services, (ii) to contact you in connection with our Site and certain services, notifications, events, programs or offerings that you may have registered for, (iii) to send you updates and promotional materials that you have registered for, (iv) to identify and authenticate your access to the parts of our Site and services that you are authorized to access.
(v) for recruiting and human resources administration purposes, and (vi) to protect our rights and/or our property and to ensure the technical functionality and security of our Site.
5.
How we disclose personal information.
We do not sell, lease, rent or otherwise disclose the Personal Information collected from our Site to third parties unless otherwise stated below or with your consent.
5.
1.
Our third-party service providers.
We transfer Personal Information to our third party service providers to perform tasks on our behalf (and in accordance with our instructions) and to assist us in providing our Site, as more fully described in Section 3.
2.
5.
2.
In the event of merger, sale or change of control.
We may transfer or assign this Privacy Policy and any Personal Information to a third party entity that acquires or is merged with us, or our assets, as part of a merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control.
5.
3.
Other disclosures.
We may disclose Personal Information about you if we have good faith belief that disclosure of such information is helpful or reasonably necessar to.
(i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
(ii) enforce our terms of use, including investigations of potential violations thereof.
(iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud or security issues.
or (iv) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of UKHS, our users, or the public.
6.
Retention of personal information.
We reserve the right to retain any Personal Information for so long as the Personal Information is needed to.
(i) fulfill the purposes that are described in Section 4 (The Purpose For Which We Use Personal Data), and (ii) comply with applicable law.
7.
Your rights.
7.
1.
Personal information.
If you have an account on our Site, to the extent we are legally required, we shall provide access to, and the ability to edit or delete, certain categories of Personal Information through the account.
If you would like to access, amend, erase, export (i.
e.
, data portability), or object to or restrict the processing of Personal Information collected via our Site, you may submit a request to or write to us at.
4000 Cambridge St.
Kansas City, KS 66160.
7.
2.
Opting out of promotional emails.
You may choose not to receive future promotional emails from us by selecting an unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email that you receive from us, or by responding to the emails directly and requesting removal if such a link is not available.
Additionally, you may send a request specifying your communications preferences to Note, however, that you cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to your account with us, or services we are providing to you.
Please note that even if you opt out of receiving the foregoing emails, we may still send you a response to any "Contact Us" request as well as administrative, maintenance and operational emails (for example, in connection with a password reset request).
8.
Website accessibility.
UKHS is committed to providing access to its Site for individuals with disabilities.
UKHS recognizes the importance of making its Site available to the largest possible audience and the goal is to attempt to design the Site to be accessible by everyone.
To meet this commitment, the goal is to attempt to voluntarily comply with requirements of Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act Amendments of 1998, and the World Wide Web Consortium's Website Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG).
Section 508 requires that individuals with disabilities, who are members of the public seeking information or services, have access to and use of information and data that is comparable to that provided to the public who are not individuals with disabilities, unless an undue burden would be imposed on UKHS.
9.
Personal information transferred from outside the United States.
If you are accessing the Site from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States or in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers.
The data protection laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country.
By using the Site, you consent to your information being transferred to countries outside your country of residence, including the United States, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
10.
Data security.
The security of Personal Information is important to us.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
11.
Children's privacy.
Our Site is not intended for children.
Accordingly, we do not intentionally collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 through the Site.
If you are a child, you are not permitted to sign up for any information or service through the Site.
If you become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a child without parental consent, please notify us promptly.
If we become aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with Personal Information without parental consent, we will take steps to remove it.
Parents of un-emancipated minors may set up proxy access accounts for themselves to access the medical records of their children through our MyChart service only as permitted pursuant to the MyChart Terms and Conditions.
12.
How we respond to 'do not track' signals.
UKHS does not currently respond or take any action with respect to web browser "do not track" signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of Personal Information about an individual consumer's online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services.
13.
Your California privacy rights.
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.
83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of Personal Information about you by UKHS to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please send an email to or write to us.
4000 Cambridge St.
Kansas City, KS 66160.
14.
Contacting us.
If you have a complaint or concern, or if you believe your privacy rights have been violated, you may email us at Please indicate the reason for contacting us and we will forward your complaint to the appropriate department for response or resolution.
Patient testimonial.
As with all treatments, individual patient results vary.
It is important to discuss your treatment options with your healthcare provider.
Pay a Bill.
Make a Contribution.
Clinical Trials.
Contact Us.
About Us.
Media Relations.
Careers.
Academic Medical Center Advantage.
News & Events.
Quality Care.
Refer a Patient.
For Professionals.
What Sets Us Apart.
Careers.
Referring Physicians & Tools.
Education, Programs & Services.
Clinical Trials.
Publications & Events.
Prospective Partner.
Patients, Family & Visitor Guide.
Patient Information.
Billing, Insurance & Financial Support.
Visitor & Family Information.
Support & Resource Services.
Frequently Asked Questions.
Welcome to the Neighborhood.
Health Resources.
Healthy Living Tips.
Healthy Recipes.
Events.
Turning Point.
Giving.
Make a Contribution.
Volunteer.
Donate Life.
Your Impact.
Education.
Education and Training.
University of Kansas Medical Center.
Cancer Center.
The University of Kansas Cancer Center.
Notice of Privacy Practices.
Vendors.
Privacy Policy.
The Kansas Open Records Act.
I'm a patient or exploring careBackRequest An AppointmentPharmacyPrice estimator toolPay OnlineMyChart InformationInsurance CoverageMedical RecordsAfter-Hours Care Phone NumberPatient RelationsClasses & EventsAbout UsNotice of Privacy Practices.
Request An Appointment.
Pharmacy.
Price estimator tool.
Pay Online.
MyChart Information.
Insurance Coverage.
Medical Records.
After-Hours Care Phone Number.
Patient Relations.
Classes & Events.
About Us.
Notice of Privacy Practices.
I'm visiting a patientBackFind a LocationPatient InformationHospital Visitor GuidelinesHotels and LodgingNeighborhood GuideDining.
Find a Location.
Patient Information.
Hospital Visitor Guidelines.
Hotels and Lodging.
Neighborhood Guide.
Dining.
I'm a medical professionalBackRefer a PatientReferring Physicians and ResourcesEmergency ServicesMedical Staff AffairsEducation programs servicesCareers.
Refer a Patient.
Referring Physicians and Resources.
Emergency Services.
Medical Staff Affairs.
Education programs services.
Careers.
I'm an educator or studentBackResidency and Fellowship ProgramsAbout the University of Kansas Medical CenterExcellence in academicsExcellence in researchLearning to provide excellent patient care.
Residency and Fellowship Programs.
About the University of Kansas Medical Center.
Excellence in academics.
Excellence in research.
Learning to provide excellent patient care.
