Home.
Company Company overviewOur ManagementCustomers and TestimonialsCareersAwards and Recognition.
Company overview.
Our Management.
Customers and Testimonials.
Careers.
Awards and Recognition.
ProductsIIoTTor IIoT SolutionsTor Loco Asset Management Solution Tor Lenz Energy Management Solution Tor Shield Utility Management Solution Tor Equip Telematics Solution Industry 4.
0Software ProductsKloudGRC.
IIoTTor IIoT SolutionsTor Loco Asset Management Solution Tor Lenz Energy Management Solution Tor Shield Utility Management Solution Tor Equip Telematics Solution Industry 4.
0.
Tor IIoT Solutions.
Tor Loco Asset Management Solution.
Tor Lenz Energy Management Solution.
Tor Shield Utility Management Solution.
Tor Equip Telematics Solution.
Industry 4.
0.
Software ProductsKloudGRC.
KloudGRC.
Services Oracle Applications ERPPLM.
Oracle Applications ERP.
PLM.
Resources News & EventsBlogsCase Studies.
News & Events.
Blogs.
Case Studies.
Contact Us Contact UsPartners.
Contact Us.
Partners.
Privacy Policy.
Home / Privacy Policy - LAST UPDATED 2nd FEBRUARY 2021 - 11.
30AM.
THIS PRIVACY POLICY (“PRIVACY POLICY”) SETS FORTH HOW KLOUDQ TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED USES AND PROTECTS THE PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT USER GIVE TO KLOUDQ TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED WHEN USER USES THIS WEBSITE AND SOFTWARE AS A SERVICE AND/ OR THE APPLICATION.
THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES ONLY TO PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED ON THE WEBSITE AND SOFTWARE AS A SERVICE AND/ OR THE APPLICATION.
THIS PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT APPLY TO INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THE COMPANY IN OTHER WAYS, INCLUDING OFFLINE INFORMATION.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY.
BY CONTINUING TO ACCESS THE WEBSITE AND SOFTWARE AS A SERVICE AND/ OR THE APPLICATION USER AGREES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
IF USER DOES NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, USER MAY NOT AVAIL THE SERVICES OR ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE AND SOFTWARE AS A SERVICE AND/ OR THE APPLICATION.
Access to the Website (defined below), Software products, IOT solutions and applications (“Services”) are subject to Terms of Use located at the Website, capitalized terms used and not defined in this Privacy Policy, shall have the same meaning ascribed to them in the Terms of Use.
1.
INTRODUCTION.
We, Kloudq Technologies Limited (“Company”.
“We”.
“us”.
“our”) have developed software as a service, IOT Services and a corresponding application (“Application”, “App” or “Software”) and a website  (“Website”) showcasing the services provided by the Company which includes providing Software products and IOT solutions (“Services”).
For the provisions of the Services, the Company shall collect and store the Personal Information of the visitors of the Website (“Users”, “you”, “your”).
We are committed to protect the Personal Information and have made this Privacy Policy to describe the procedures we adhere to for collecting, using, and disclosing the Personal Information (defined below).
We recognises the importance of maintaining your privacy.
We value your privacy and appreciate your trust in us.
We recommend the Users to read this Privacy Policy carefully so that Users understand our approach towards the use of their Personal Information.
2.
GOVERNING STATUTE.
This Privacy Policy is governed by the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules 2011, which is designed to protect Personal Information.
other relevant laws, and our policies.
3.
INFORMATION WHICH IS COLLECTED AND STORED.
We collect Personal Information when you browse the website/access and use the application.
Personal Information shall include name, address, contact number, date of birth, domain name, IP address, browser, location, location associated details, types of the device you use to connect to the Internet, UUID, IMSI or any other information classified by the company and notified on website/application from time to time.
(“Personal Information”).
You may have to provide additional information as may be necessary from time to time.
We shall not verify or authenticate such Personal Information provided by you.
As your personal information is collected as and when you browse the Website or when you access and use the application, we are not responsible for getting an access to such Personal Information.
We may also collect and hold information related to your utilization of our services which may include GPS Coordinates, location details and additional information, battery consumption, memory utilization etc.
on the   Mobile Application which is provided by you while using/accessing our website/applications/ services.
We may keep a log of the activities performed by you on our Applications or websites by using various internet techniques such as web cookies, web beacons, server log files, etc.
for analytical purposes and for analysis of the amiability of various features on our website/Applications.
This information may be used to provide you with a better experience at our portal / Applications along with evidentiary purposes.
At any time if you want to opt-out our Applications/Portals, you may reach out to your employer or supplier (as the case may be) and uninstall our application from your device.
In case you do not provide your information or consent for usage of Personal Information or later on withdraw your consent for usage of the personal information so collected, we reserves the right to discontinue the services provided to you in your capacity as employee/user / authorized person for which the said personal information was sought.
4.
HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION.
Personal Information that we collect is used (i) to contact you, (ii) to improve the quality and your experience of the use of our Website and applications, (iii) to manage our relationship with you and develop our present and future services and provide information of these Services to you (iv) for  real time demand capturing, gathering new retailers details for market mapping or for the development of business intelligence or data analytics in relation to the Services provided by us, (v) to more effectively provide the Services to User.
(vi) to improve the Services.
(vii) to assist User with technical difficulties that may arise in relation to User’s use and access of the Application .
(vii) to manage our relationship with User and/ or his organization.
We do not sell, rent or trade your Personal Information under any circumstances.
This information is used to track aggregate traffic patterns across our Website.
No information is correlated with any Personal Information.
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Website, such as service announcements, administrative messages and information regarding existing and new services.
You may also provide us with access to information which is already publicly available, or becomes publicly available to us in the future.
You understand and acknowledge that any such information we may collect cannot be accorded the protections of this Privacy Policy.
5.
DISCLOSURES.
We do not sell, rent, share, distribute, lease or otherwise provide Personal Information to third parties, without User’s prior consent.
Keeping this in mind, you agree and consent that we may disclose Personal Information in the following cases.
Affiliates.
We may provide Personal Information we collect to our affiliates.
For example, we may disclose Personal Information to our affiliates in order to respond to your requests for information or Services, or to help limit your receipt of marketing materials you have requested not to receive.
Business Partners.
We may use certain trusted third-party companies and individuals to help us provide, analyse, and improve the Services (including but not limited to data storage, maintenance services, database management, web analytics, payment processing, and improvement of the Website's features).
These third parties may have access to your information only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf and under obligations similar to those in this Privacy Policy.
We may disclose your Personal Information to service providers who perform business functions or hosting services on our behalf and who may be located outside of India.
Service Providers.
We may share your Personal Information to the service providers, who are working with us in connection with the operation of the Website, so long as such service providers are subject to confidentiality restrictions consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Persons Who Acquire Our Assets or Business.
If we sell or transfer any of our business or assets either partly or fully, certain Personal Information may become part of that sale or transfer.
In the event of such a sale or transfer, we may notify You of such sale or transfer.
Legal and Regulatory Authorities.
We may be required to disclose your Personal Information due to legal or regulatory requirements.
In such instances, we reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information as required in order to comply with our legal obligations, including but not limited to complying with court orders, warrants, or discovery requests.
We may also disclose Personal Information to law enforcement officers or others, in the good faith that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce this Privacy Policy.
respond to claims that any Personal Information violates the rights of third-parties.
or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Company, our Users or the general public.
You agree and acknowledge that we may not inform you prior to or after disclosures made according to this section.
6.
DATA RETENTION.
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as you are using the Services offered by the Company.
We may also retain and use your Personal Information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Subject to this section, we will try to delete your Personal Information upon reasonable written request for the same.
Please note, however, that there might be latency in deleting Personal Information from our servers.
7.
SECURITY.
We value your Personal Information, we will ensure an adequate level of protection.
We have therefore implemented technology and policies with the objective of protecting your Personal Information from unauthorised access and improper use and will update these measures as new technology becomes available, as appropriate.
As a matter of security, we take back-up of systems periodically.
Although we provide appropriate firewalls and protections, our systems are not hack proof.
Data pilferage due to unauthorized hacking, virus attacks, technical issues is possible and we accept no liabilities or responsibilities for it.
8.
ACCESS TO THE WEBSITE.
Access to the website, services and applications are not aimed at children under 13 years of age and we will not directly collect, use, provide or process in any other form any Personal Information of children under the age of 18 deliberately.
We therefore also ask you, if you are under 13 years old, to not send us your Personal Information (for example, your name, address and email address) and to not access our Website.
9.
COLLECTION OF NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION.
We may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of internet browsers you use or the website from which you linked to our Website.
You cannot be identified from this Personal Information and it is only used to assist us in providing an effective service on this Website.
We may from time to time supply third parties with this non-personal or aggregated Personal Information for uses in connection with the Services and this Website.
10.
ANONYMISED DATA.
We may also use your Personal Information collected to create aggregate anonymized data.
We shall ensure that such anonymized data will not be directly identifiable to you or to the Personal Information shared with us.
We may use this anonymized data for any purpose including but not limited to research, analytics, and to improve our Services.
By using the Privacy Policy, you provide us the right to use your Personal Information to create anonymized data and use it for our business purposes.
11.
SOCIAL MEDIA.
You may wish to participate in social media platforms or arrangements hosted by the Website which we make available to you.
The main aim of the social media platform is to facilitate and allow you to share content.
However, we cannot be held responsible if you share Personal Information on social media platform that is subsequently used, misused or otherwise appropriated by another User.
12.
RESERVATION OF RIGHTS.
All rights not expressly granted in this Privacy Policy are reserved by Company and its licensors, as the case may be.
Nothing contained in this Privacy Policy shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppels or otherwise any license or right under any copyright, patent, trademark or other intellectual property right of Company or any other person or to you.
13.
INDEMNIFICATION.
You shall indemnify and hold us harmless from and against any claims arising out of or relating to.
(i) Personal Information and data you upload on the Website (ii) Your violation of any rights of any other person in connection with the Website (iii) Your use of the Website or its features.
14.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
Company shall not be liable for any damages, direct or indirect, incidental or consequential, and all liabilities (including for negligence, loss or damage such as loss of revenue, unavailability of system or loss of data) and for use of or inability to access the Website or the Services offered by the Company or to provide indemnity or any other remedy to you or any third party.
It is your responsibility to ensure that you use the correct devices for accessing and using the Website and to protect from anything that may damage it.
15.
DISPUTES.
Any dispute arising, between you and Company shall be governed under the laws of India and courts of law at Pune, Maharashtra shall have exclusive jurisdiction over such disputes.
16.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY.
From time to time we may make changes to this Privacy Policy and notify you by posting an updated version of the Privacy Policy on the Website.
Please check the Website on a regular basis.
Continued use of the Website after such changes shall constitute your consent to be bound by such changes.
17.
CONTACT US.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, our Services, or your experience with our Website – contact us at .
Privacy Policy Terms of Use.
Copyright © 2020 Kloudq Technologies Limited.
