Newsletter.
The Future of Positioning.
Ultra Low Power High Precision GNSS Positioning Solutions for human, machines, and beyond.
What we do.
Kolmostar is a hard-tech company specializing in GNSS (Global Navigational Satellite Systems, including GPS, Beidou, etc.
) positioning solutions.
With advanced statistical signal processing technology and high-dimensional space search theory, Kolmostar’s solutions reconstruct the basic theories and methods of GNSS signal processing.
Based on our unique GNSS satellite signal processing algorithms, Kolmostar’s GNSS sensor can achieve ultra-low power and highly accurate outdoor positioning in urban canyon environment.
The energy consumption is as low as only 1/100 of traditional positioning solutions on the market.
Our GNSS sensor is optimized for use in smart phones, wearable devices, Internet-of-Things (IoT) and so on.
Founded in 2016, Kolmostar has received about $30 million USD investment from top venture capital firms.
Who we are.
Kolmostar's core team members include senior engineers from cutting-edge technology companies including Google, Apple, X Development (Google X Lab), as well as scientists from top-tier universities including Harvard University, Stanford University, UC Berkeley, Tsinghua University and Peking University.
Our team has decades of R&D expertise in signal processing algorithms, system software design, Artificial Intelligence (AI), and cloud computing.
We have worked on various products and projects, including LIGO gravitational wave detection project, Google Ad, Apple Maps, Youtube recommendation engine, etc.
Low Power Positioning.
GNSS sensors are embedded in billions of mobile devices, generating hundreds of terabytes of position data every day, powering various location-based service (LBS) applications such as map navigation, shared mobility, sports and health monitoring, logistics and transportation, asset management and etc.
‍However, traditional GNSS positioning solutions face several challenges.
(1) the energy consumed by positioning computation is very high.
(2) In mobile devices, the antennas are usually small, resulting in weak GNSS signals.
Buildings and tress in city areas may also attenuate and interfere with the satellite signals.
All these effects lead to positioning drift as big as tens of meters, especially in wearable devices.
(3) The start-up speed of traditional positioning chips is slow.
When the satellite signal is weak, after the GNSS chip is powered ON, it takes tens of seconds or even minutes to output stable and accurate positioning data.
Thanks to Kolmostar’s innovation in underlying signal processing technology, our solutions reduce the GNSS positioning energy consumption by 100x compared with traditional solutions.
In addition, our solutions solve the problem of positioning drift due to weak signals and metropolitan environments.
The positioning calculation is entirely performed in the GNSS sensor.
Investors.
Join our newsletter list here.
News.
Address.
Phone.
Email.
