KOYO ELECTRONICSINDUSTRIES CO.
, LTD.
Open.
Advantage of Koyo Electronics.
Products.
Support.
Download.
Sales Network.
About Us.
Contact.
News.
FAQ.
JP.
/.
EN.
Privacy Policy.
Koyo Electronics Industries co.
,LTD.
("Koyo Electronics Industries") recognizes the importance of proper handling and protection of personal information, which it defines as information has been obtained in the course of legitimate business operations and can be used to identify individual customers or business partners.
To this end, we have implemented specific and detailed our policies, together with educational programs for our employees about these policies, as a part of our initiatives for complying with all relevant laws and regulations.
Handling of Personal Information.
Personal information protection system.
Koyo Electronics Industries is dedicated to making all executives and employees recognize the importance of protecting personal information and will strengthen our management system for personal information protection.
In addition, we shall formulate rules concerning personal information protection which stipulate the acquisition, use, and provision of personal information, and handle personal information appropriately according to the rules.
Acquiring personal information.
When acquiring personal information, Koyo Electronics Industries will acquire personal information through appropriate and fair means.
Personal information acquired by us includes personal information relating to customers' use of the services provided by us and personal information acquired from third parties (including personal information contained in audio, images, video, etc.
) in addition to the personal information provided by customers to us directly.
Purposes of utilization.
Koyo Electronics utilizes the personal information obtained properly for the purpose of providing information and communications on products (including new products.
the same shall apply hereinafter), sending invitations for trade shows and exhibitions, sales activities such as negotiation on specifications and other sales terms, research and development, manufacturing, delivery, installation, after-sales services, purchasing, customer management, performance of contracts, and administrative duties.
Koyo Electronics Industries obtains and utilizes the personal information of our employees for the purpose of employment and human resources management.
Disclosure and provision to third parties.
(1) In cases where required by law.
(2)In cases where securing the agreement of the concerned individual or individuals is difficult, but such action is necessary to ensure protection against damage to assets, personal injury, or the loss of human life.
(3)In cases where securing the agreement of the concerned individual or individuals is difficult, but such action is necessary in particular to promote public safety and sanitation as well as a ensure sound upbringing for children.
(4)In cases where securing the agreement of the concerned individual or individuals would constitute a hindrance in the lawful execution of the  responsibilities of an agency of the national government, an agency of a municipal government, or an organization contracted by such agencies to carry out such responsibilities.
Joint Utilization.
Koyo Electronics Industries jointly utilizes the personal information (name, name of company/organization the principal belongs to, title, contact information (address of the company/organization, phone number, fax number, and e-mail address)) obtained through transaction, inquiry, exhibition and other opportunities, with JTEKT group companies (which are collectively subsidiaries and affiliates, each as defined in Article 8 (3) and (5) of Japan’s Regulation on Terminology, Forms, and Preparation Methods of Financial Statements).
The purpose of joint utilization is providing information of the products, sales activities such as negotiation on specifications and sales terms by JTEKT group companies.
JTEKT is responsible for controlling the joint utilization.
We handle, more carefully, the personal information of customers and business partners who engage in the same business with those of JTEKT group companies.
Management of personal information.
Koyo Electronics Industries will take appropriate organizational, physical, and technical safety control measures to prevent unauthorized access to personal information, as well as loss, destruction, falsification, leakage, etc.
, of personal information and to otherwise manage personal information safely.
We will also take appropriate personnel safety control measures, such as workshops, seminars, and other educational programs to ensure that our executives and employees understand and conform to all applicable rules for the proper handling of personal information.
Measures in case of accidents.
When a leakage of personal information occurs, Koyo Electronics Industries shall respond properly by investigating the facts and causes, taking appropriate measures to prevent any secondary damage, and taking steps to prevent any recurrence of the accident.
Inquiries.
If you wish to request disclosure of your personal information, please contact the "Contact Us" link below.
We will inform you of the procedures required for disclosure.
Other inquiries or consultations regarding personal information, such as request for correction, suspension of use, or deletion of your personal information, are also accepted at the "Contact Us".
In all cases, we will respond appropriately in accordance with the purpose of the Personal Information Protection Law.
Koyo Electronics Industries co.
,LTD.
General Affairs Department9-1,Tenjincho 4-chome, Kodaira-shi, Tokyo, 187-0004, JapanPhone.
＋81-42-341-3111E-mail.
.
TOP.
Privacy Policy.
Advantage of Koyo Electronics.
Global business expanding enable us to product development required by the World and Era.
Also,advanced total power and development capabilities doesn't make us stay just component producer.
Inquiries Concerning Technical Issues.
Inquiries Concerning Technical Issues.
Inquiries Concerning Purchases.
Inquiries Concerning Purchases.
Sales Network.
Sales Network.
Contact.
Head Office.
+81-42-341-3111Head Office.
4-9-1 Tenjin-cho, Kodaira-shi, Tokyo 187-0004Please contact us from "Contact".
Products.
PLCs.
HMI.
Proximity Sensors.
Rotary Encoders.
Counters / Controllers.
Electronics Test Instruments.
Automotive Electric Devices.
Other products.
Advantage of Koyo Electronics.
Support.
Download.
Sales Network.
About Us.
Privacy Policy.
Website Terms of Use.
News.
© Koyo Electronics Industries Co.
, Ltd.
Contact.
