Top Menu.
Login.
Contact.
English  日本語.
日本語.
Main Menu.
Platform Our Platform Customer Success Partners IT & Security.
Our Platform.
Customer Success.
Partners.
IT & Security.
Use Cases Use Cases Industry Solutions.
Use Cases.
Industry Solutions.
Resources ROI Calculator Blog Guides & Whitepapers Videos Webinars Support and Training.
ROI Calculator.
Blog.
Guides & Whitepapers.
Videos.
Webinars.
Support and Training.
News Events Press Releases In The News.
Events.
Press Releases.
In The News.
About Company Profile Careers.
Company Profile.
Careers.
Contact.
Headquarters INTERNATIONAL.
North America TOLL FREE.
Website Privacy Notice.
This privacy notice sets out how Librestream uses and protects any information that you provide when you use the Librestream website.
Librestream is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
What are cookies.
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive.
Once you agree, the file is added, and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site.
Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual.
The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
How does Librestream use cookies.
We use traffic log cookies indefinitely to identify which pages are being used.
This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website to tailor it to customer needs.
We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website and more relevant content, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not.
A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Google Analytics.
We use Google Analytics to provide website analytics and statistics on the performance of our website.
Google Analytics uses cookies and devices identifiers like IP addresses to provide the analytics data.
To opt out of Google Analytics cookie tracking Google has provided an ‘Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on’, please visit  to download and enable.
Online Advertising and Remarketing.
We use different third-party advertising and social media companies who collect cookies, other device identifying information, and/or browsing behavior for online advertising, remarketing and conversion tracking to ensure we are showcasing relevant content.
To learn more about cookies or how to opt-out please visit .
Links to Other Websites.
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily.
However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website.
Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting external sites.
The external sites are not governed by this privacy notice.
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Children’s Policy.
If you are under the age of 18 and have come across this website, please do not fill out any forms with personal information unless you have consent.
Who do I contact if I have concerns about my privacy.
For any concerns related to the privacy of the information you share with us, please contact us at If you are unsatisfied with our response to your privacy concerns, you may contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner at 1-800-282-1376 or the Privacy Commissioner in your respective state, province, or country.
Sales & Customer Support.
Headquarters INTERNATIONAL.
North America TOLL FREE.
Social Menu.
Footer Menu.
Platform.
Platform Overview.
Remote Expert.
Digital Work Instructions.
Knowledge Base.
Specialized Accessories.
Customer Success.
Partners.
IT & Security.
Use Cases.
Use Cases.
Industry Solutions.
Resources.
Blog.
Guides & Whitepapers.
Videos.
Webinars.
Support & Training.
News.
Press Releases.
In The News.
Events.
Media Kit.
About.
Company Profile.
Careers.
Product Recycling.
Website Privacy Notice.
Contact.
Contact Sales.
Contact Support.
© 2022 All Rights Reserved Librestream Technologies.
Built by The Hatchery.
Designed by Victims of Advertising.
