LiDARAutomotive Grade LiDARRS-LiDAR-M1Mechanical LiDARRS-RubyRS-Ruby LiteRS-HeliosRS-BpearlRS-LiDAR-16RS-LiDAR-32Static 3D Laser ScannerSeeker.
Automotive Grade LiDARRS-LiDAR-M1.
Automotive Grade LiDAR.
RS-LiDAR-M1.
RS-LiDAR-M1.
Mechanical LiDARRS-RubyRS-Ruby LiteRS-HeliosRS-BpearlRS-LiDAR-16RS-LiDAR-32.
Mechanical LiDAR.
RS-Ruby.
RS-Ruby.
RS-Ruby Lite.
RS-Ruby Lite.
RS-Helios.
RS-Helios.
RS-Bpearl.
RS-Bpearl.
RS-LiDAR-16.
RS-LiDAR-16.
RS-LiDAR-32.
RS-LiDAR-32.
Static 3D Laser ScannerSeeker.
Static 3D Laser Scanner.
Seeker.
Seeker.
SolutionsPerception SolutionsRS-Fusion-P5RS-P1RS-V2XGround Truth SystemRS-ReferenceLiDAR Perception SoftwareRS-LiDAR-Perception.
Perception SolutionsRS-Fusion-P5RS-P1RS-V2X.
Perception Solutions.
RS-Fusion-P5.
RS-Fusion-P5.
RS-P1.
RS-P1.
RS-V2X.
RS-V2X.
Ground Truth SystemRS-Reference.
Ground Truth System.
RS-Reference.
RS-Reference.
LiDAR Perception SoftwareRS-LiDAR-Perception.
LiDAR Perception Software.
RS-LiDAR-Perception.
RS-LiDAR-Perception.
Downloads.
News.
About UsCompany.
Company.
Contact.
SupportBlogFAQRepair Request.
Blog.
FAQ.
Repair Request.
Privacy Policy.
2020.
01.
02.
Yourprivacy is important to Suteng Innovation Technology Co.
, Ltd.
and its affiliates(collectively, “RoboSense”, “we”, “us” or “our”), and we are committed toprotecting the privacy with respect to the data that we collect from you, orthe individual, company or other legal entity that you represent (collectively,“you” or “your”).
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) is to let you know the typesof personal data we may collect, why we collect your personal data, what we useyour personal data for, when we might disclose or transfer your personal data,and how you can manage your personal data.
For this Policy, we use andinterpret the term “personal data” or “data” broadly to cover all applicable privacyand data protection laws.
1.
Scope.
ThisPolicy applies to our websites, products and services that link to or refer tothis Policy (“Services”), and covers only data collected through our Servicesand excludes any other data collected through any other services that havetheir own, separate privacy policies.
2.
DataController.
The datacontroller for the websites is Suteng Innovation Technology Co.
, Ltd.
, 10-11/F,Block 3, Chongwen Garden, Nanshan IPark, 3370 Liuxian Avenue, Nanshan District,Shenzhen, China.
3.
Types ofData and Collection Methods.
Wecollect various types of data through the methods set forth below.
You may refuseto provide us with the requested data.
But if you refuse to share your data,the Services you request may be affected or restricted.
3.
1.
Data You Voluntarily Submit.
Wecollect your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, and other datarelated to the company you represent when you request our Services orpublications.
In relation to geable Services, we will also collect paymentinformation such as credit card number, phone number, billing and shippingaddress, and other payment-related data.
3.
2.
Data We Automatically Collect.
Whenyou access our websites via your computer or mobile device, we collect datasuch as your browser type, type of mobile device, IP address, the domain name, thedate and time you visit the websites, contents you visit, the amount of timeyou spend viewing the websites and other data.
3.
3.
Cookies.
Cookies are smalldata files that are stored on your computer or device when you access thewebsites.
We use cookies to collect data about your use of our websites for thepurpose of operating and improving our websites and Services.
For example,cookies help us to remember you for your next visit, provide you withcustomized contents on the websites, develop aggregate statistics to helpmonitor site performance, conduct research, improve our content and Services,and protect the security of our websites and Services.
We will not use cookiesfor any purposes not stated in this Policy.
If you do not agree to thecollection of the statistical information or data, you can set browser torefuse cookies at any time, but by doing so, you may not be able to accesscertain parts of our Services.
Find out how to manage cookies settings for your browserhere.
InternetExplorer.
Google Chrome.
MozillaFirefox.
Safari.
3.
4.
Third Party Sources.
Wemay also obtain data from third party sources such as social networks,partners, or public sources.
4.
ExternalLinks.
Ourwebsites contain links to third party websites.
Your interactions with, anddata collected by, these linked websites are governed by their respectiveprivacy policies and cookies policy, over which we have no control.
We adviseyou to review the privacy policies and cookies policies of the third partywebsites or Services so you can understand how they may collect, use, andprocess your data.
5.
DataCollection Purpose and Use.
Wecollect and use data in an effort to provide the Services you request, operateour business, perform our contractual and legal obligations.
The purposes forwhich we collect and use data are as follow.
(1)  To respond to your comments and questions.
(2)  To provide, manage, maintain, and improve theServices you request.
(3)  To operate and improve our business.
(4)  To better understand the preferences of theusers of our Services.
(5)  To communicate directly with you, such assending newsletters or information about our technologies, product releases,news, and other communications.
and.
(6)  To protect our interests or achieve any otherlegitimate purposes for which RoboSense was established.
6.
DataProcessing and Transfer.
RoboSense is headquartered in the People’s Republicof China (“PRC”) and also provides Services in PRC and other countries.
Yourdata may be stored or processed in the PRC or any other countries in which RoboSensemaintain facilities.
We take necessary and appropriate measures to ensure that thedata processing is in compliance with this Policy and applicable laws.
We may transfer data from European EconomicArea(EEA) to other countries which may not have the adequate data protection levelas determined by European Commission.
When we transfer, we will apply a varietyof legal mechanisms to effectuate the transfer, such as obtaining your consent,implementing security measures like anonymizing personal data, or signing theEuropean Commission Standard Contract for data transfer outside of EEA setforth at .
7.
Disclosureof Data.
Weshare the data with third party vendors or service providers who process thedata on our behalf for the purposes set forth in this Policy.
We may also shareyour data as required by any court order, law or legal process.
In the eventthat RoboSense is acquired by, or merged with, a third party, we may transferthe data we collect.
In addition, we may also share your personal data whereyou have granted us permission.
8.
Opt-In/Out.
Insome cases, such as email marketing, you are entitled to opt-in or opt-out ofsome kinds of data collection, use, or sharing.
We will respect your choice.
9.
DataSubject Rights.
Youmay exercise all or any of the following rights by sending us an email at writing to us at Suteng Innovation Technology Co.
, Ltd.
, 10-11/F, Block 3,Chongwen Garden, Nanshan IPark, 3370 Liuxian Avenue, Nanshan District,Shenzhen, China.
(1)  Right to access the data we collect.
(2)  Right to copy or move the data.
(3)  Right to  the  the data.
(4)  Right to restrict use of the data or withdrawyour consent to future processing.
(5)  Right to object to any automaticdecision-making based upon your personal data.
and.
(6)  right to lodge a complaint with a with a dataprotection authority in your region.
10.
Do Not Track.
Wedo not track, so we do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals sent by webbrowsers.
11.
Data Retention.
Weretain the data as needed to provide you Services and/or to fulfil our businesspurposes.
We will  data within a reasonable time after the data is nolonger necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected.
However, wemay retain data if retention is reasonably necessary to perform our contractualand legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce this Policy.
12.
Data Security.
Thesecurity of your data is a matter of principle for us.
Transmissions over theInternet or methods of electronic storage are never 100% secure or error-free.
Wetake reasonable measures to protect your data from loss, unauthorized access,disclosure and alteration.
For example, we use cryptographic technologies fordata confidentiality, protection mechanisms to prevent attacks, and accesscontrol mechanisms to permit only authorized access to your personal data.
13.
Children’s Privacy.
OurServices are not directed to children as defined by applicable law.
We do notintentionally or knowingly collect personal data from children, and we do notrequest children to submit any personal data to us.
If weaccidentally collect a child's personal data without verified prior consentfrom the child's parents, we will attempt to  the data as soon aspossible.
14.
Changes.
Wereserve the right to change, add, or remove portions of this Policy at any time.
If we make changes, we will post them and indicate the Policy’s new effectivedate on this page.
When you access our websites or use our Services, you are consentingto and accepting the current version of this Policy.
We encourage you to reviewthis Policy from time to time to learn of any changes.
15.
Contact Us.
Tocontact us, send us an email at or write to usat Suteng Innovation Technology Co.
, Ltd.
, 10-11/F, Block 3, Chongwen Garden,Nanshan IPark, 3370 Liuxian Avenue, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, China.
Lasted date.
01/28/2021.
LiDAR.
Solutions.
Downloads.
News.
About Us.
Contact.
Support.
Building 9, Block 2, Zhongguan Honghualing Industry Southern District, 1213 Liuxian Avenue, Taoyuan Street, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, China.
0755-86325830.
粤ICP备17041391号.
Privacy Policy    Copyright © RoboSense.
Agency*.
City & Country*.
Name*.
Title*.
Phone*.
Email*.
Code*.
You agree to receive the latest updates on RoboSense news and products.
You can view Privacy Policy.
This website uses cookies ensure you get the  best experience on our website.
Learn more.
