Our Vision.
Technology.
Wearable BiosensorsMenu ToggleOverview 1AXe Biosensor 1AX Biosensor 2A Biosensor Patient FAQs.
Overview.
1AXe Biosensor.
1AX Biosensor.
2A Biosensor.
Patient FAQs.
Bioweb Platform.
Use Cases.
About UsMenu ToggleOverview Contact Us News Events.
Overview.
Contact Us.
News.
Events.
PRIVACY POLICY.
How We Collect, Store,and Protect Your Information.
•••.
EFFECTIVE DATE.
APRIL 1, 2020.
We at LifeSignals Group Inc.
(“LifeSignals®”) know you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously.
Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy.
By using or accessing our website or other services (“Services”) in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information in the following ways.
What does this Privacy Policy cover.
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) that we gather when you are accessing or using our Services, but not to the practices of companies we don’t own or control, or people that we don’t manage.
We gather various types of Personal Information from our users, as explained in more detail below, and we use this Personal Information internally in connection with our Services, including to personalize, provide, and improve our services, to contact you and allow other users to contact you, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, and to analyze how you use the Services.
In certain cases, we may also share some Personal Information with third parties, but only as described below.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13.
If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any personal information about yourself to us.
If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
If you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us personal information, please contact us at .
Will LifeSignals ever change this Privacy Policy.
We’re constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well, but we will alert you to changes by placing a notice on  by sending you an email, and/or by some other means.
Please note that if you’ve opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you haven’t provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them.
If you use the Services after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to all of the changes.
Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
What Information does LifeSignals collect.
We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us.
For example, if you submit a form through the “Contact” page, we will collect Personal Information such as your name, organization name, phone number and email address.
Certain information may be required to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features.
Whenever you interact with our Services, we may automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser or device, which may include your IP address, geolocation data, device identification, “cookie” information, the type of browser and/or device you’re using to access our Services, and the page or feature you requested.
“Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your browser or device that allow us to recognize your browser or device and tell us how and when pages and features in our Services are visited and by how many people.
You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or device to prevent or limit your device’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our features.
We may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so.
For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers on behalf of LifeSignals or other businesses, or email you about your use of the Services.
Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us.
This confirmation helps us make our communications with you more interesting and improve our services.
If you do not want to receive communications from us, please indicate your preference by sending an email to .
Will LifeSignals share any of the Personal Information it receives.
We may choose to buy or sell assets, and may share and/or transfer account, contact, and other Personal Information in connection with the evaluation of and entry into such transactions.
Also, if we (or our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, Personal Information could be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
We may de-identify your Personal Information so that you are not identified as an individual, and provide that information to our partners.
We may also provide aggregate usage information to our partners (or allow partners to collect that information from you), who may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our Services, so that they, too, can provide you with an optimal online experience.
In some circumstances, we employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you.
for example, we may use a third-party mail management service to send you emails on our behalf.
Unless we tell you differently, our agents do not have any right to use the Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us.
We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information that we reasonably believe is necessary to comply with law or court order.
enforce or apply this Privacy Policy and other agreements.
or protect the rights, property, or safety of LifeSignals, our employees, our users, or others.
Is Personal Information about me secure.
We endeavor to protect the privacy of your Personal Information we hold in our records, but unfortunately, we cannot guarantee complete security.
Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.
How can I access or delete my Personal Information.
You may request certain information about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past 12 months.
You may also request that we delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
While we will try to honor your access and deletion requests, there are certain situations when we cannot meet these requests.
To exercise the rights described above, you must send us a request that (1) provides sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Information, and (2) describes your request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a “Valid Request.
” We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria.
We will only use Personal Information provided in a Valid Information to verify you and complete your request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 45 days of receipt.
We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.
If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following applies to you, please contact us at .
State Law Privacy Rights.
Does LifeSignals offer medical advice.
LifeSignals does not offer medical advice or diagnoses, or engage in the practice of medicine.
Our Services are not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment and are offered for informational and communicative purposes only.
The Services are not intended to be, and must not be taken to be, the practice of medicine, nursing, pharmacy or other healthcare advice by LifeSignals.
The Services are not meant to diagnose or treat any conditions – only your medical professional can determine the right course of treatment for you and determine what is safe, appropriate and effective based on your needs.
Reliance on any information provided by LifeSignals or in connection with the Services is solely at your own risk.
You are solely responsible for any decisions or actions you take based on the information and materials available through the Services.
You acknowledge that although some content may be provided by individuals in the medical profession, the provision of such content does not create a medical professional/patient relationship between you and LifeSignals or between you and any other individual or entity, and does not constitute an opinion, medical advice, or diagnosis or treatment.
Healthcare providers and patients should always obtain applicable diagnostic information from appropriate trusted sources.
Healthcare providers should never withhold professional medical advice or delay in providing it because of something they have read in connection with our Services.
THE SERVICES SHOULD NEVER BE USED AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR EMERGENCY CARE.
IF YOU HAVE A MEDICAL EMERGENCY, YOU SHOULD SEEK EMERGENCY TREATMENT AT THE NEAREST EMERGENCY ROOM OR DIAL 911.
What choices do I have.
You can always opt not to disclose information to us, but keep in mind some information may be needed to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features.
You may be able to add, update, or delete information as explained above.
When you update information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records.
Some information may remain in our records even if you request deletion of such information from your account.
We may use aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Information after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally.
Contact Information.
Phone.
+1 510.
770.
6412, +1 866.
207.
1651.
39355 California St.
, Suite 305, Fremont, CA 94538.
Contact Us.
Support.
Careers.
Patents.
Privacy Policy.
Terms of Use.
ADA Compliance.
Resources.
Follow Us.
© 2022 LifeSignals® | All rights reserved.
