Home.
About Us.
SolutionsAgricultureSmart IrrigationReservoirs Level Flow MonitoringSmart EnergySmart MeteringSolar MonitoringSmart CitySmart Water ManagementSmart LightingIndustrial AutomationIntelligent PLC I/O Solution4G LTE Smart Plug for Industrial IoTConsumer ElectronicsHome AutomationHome Automation – PackagesIoT Application DevelopmentIoT Data Logger.
AgricultureSmart IrrigationReservoirs Level Flow Monitoring.
Smart Irrigation.
Reservoirs Level Flow Monitoring.
Smart EnergySmart MeteringSolar Monitoring.
Smart Metering.
Solar Monitoring.
Smart CitySmart Water ManagementSmart Lighting.
Smart Water Management.
Smart Lighting.
Industrial AutomationIntelligent PLC I/O Solution4G LTE Smart Plug for Industrial IoT.
Intelligent PLC I/O Solution.
4G LTE Smart Plug for Industrial IoT.
Consumer ElectronicsHome AutomationHome Automation – Packages.
Home Automation.
Home Automation – Packages.
IoT Application Development.
IoT Data Logger.
Industries.
ResourcesBlogCase Studies.
Blog.
Case Studies.
Contact.
Shop.
Book a Demo.
Privacy Policy.
Home.
Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy.
We at ‘LivWize Smart Homes’ value your trust and take the protection and proper use of your personal information seriously.
This privacy policy provides information pertaining to the methodology of collection and use of your personal and non-personal data by LivWize as a result of your usage of our Devices, Website and App for the purposes of our services.
‘LivWize Smart Homes’ does not share your personal information to third parties, unless it is necessary to provide you with products or services available from LivWize and any such third parties are required to keep your information secure and confidential.
By using our products, services and accessing our Website and App, you expressly consent to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and the Terms & Conditions of Use of our Devices, Website and App, irrespective of whether services provided by us were availed or business transactions were carried out by you through our Website and App.
In this policy, the words “we”, “our”, and “us” refer to LivWize Smart Home Devices, the website  and the LivWize App, all proprietary rights to which vest exclusively with Livwize Smart Solutions.
What Data Do We Collect and Why.
Information collected by our Devices, Website and App include.
LivWize Smart Home Devices.
Device IP address and Wifi SSID are collected to ensure connectivity of the devices and quality of service provided.
Consumer usage data is collected and stored temporarily to ensure proper functioning of the LivWize Smart Home devices.
LivWize App.
The App collects your Name and Email ID to identify you as the user of a specific LivWize Device.
You may choose to provide your Phone number, Address and Age in order to purchase LivWize Devices through the App and / or to complete your profile information for better user experience.
We identify the operating system of your mobile device to provide services specific to your operating system.
We access your phone camera with your permission in order to set pictures for specific devices purchased by you and for your profile picture.
We also access your GPS location for Geo Fencing services.
The LivWize App accesses your phone book so that you can invite your family members as additional users joining your LivWize App experience.
The App also adds a new helpline contact number to your phone book for easy access to our customer care services.
Rest assured, we do not use your phone book information collected in any other manner.
LivWize Website.
collects your Name, Phone number, Email ID and address for shipping of products purchased by you.
We collect “Personal Information” which refers to any data that identifies or can be used to uniquely identify, contact or locate a single person, to whom such information pertains including, but not limited to, name, address, age, gender, phone number, email address.
Your personal information may be requested and collected by our Devices, Website and App in the specific manner as explained above, during the course of your use of our products and services in order to provide the features and functionality of our products and services, streamline your online purchase, user experience or help us serve you better through an online survey, newsletters, email alerts, notifications, special offers, contests, communication with our customer service, provide reviews of our products etc.
You may also provide us with some of the above mentioned personal information of a friend whom you may be referring or sending a gift purchase.
Information deemed to be relevant to your interest in our services shall be collected for data analysis, audits, in order to track your preferences, in order to give you a customized online experience and notify you of updation of our services.
Financial profiles, debit card and credit card information collected for purchase of our products and services are collected by third party payment gateways as per per the terms and conditions of the gateway’s services.
We do not collect and retain your financial information in any manner.
“Non Personal Information” derived from your access and/ or use of our Devices, Website and App may be collected by us each time you access and/ or use our Devices, Website and App for storage in server logs.
In order to increase the efficiency of our products and services provided to you, we may collect certain non personal information which may include details of your IP address which do not identify you personally, yet give us data regarding the type of user accessing our Device, Website and App including and not limited to GPS location, connectivity and product usage patterns.
We do not collect information pertaining to user browsing activities, type of browser used by you, duration and frequency of your browsing activities on our Website.
Third Party Disclosure.
Third Party Disclosure of your information shall be restricted by us for the purpose of fulfilling our obligations and services.
-.
a.
Some of your Personal Information shall be passed on to third parties supporting our services, such as Courier Companies required for efficient completion and delivery of your order.
If you sign up for a newsletter, notification, promotion or contest we offer in partnership with a third party, we may share your Personal Information to such third parties.
In such cases, we require that these parties agree to use the information solely for the purpose for which we provided it to them and in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
b.
Your credit-card details are transacted upon secure third party sites of approved payment gateways which are digitally under encryption, thereby providing the highest possible degree of care.
c.
Your Personal Information may be disclosed pursuant to judicial subpoenas, court order, legal process as per the laws of the land, investigate fraud or other unlawful activity, protect the rights and property of our users and operation, which may be without notice to you.
d.
Your information is our priority and responsibility, when obtained through direct usage of our Website and App.
Links to other websites may be available on our website and once you leave our website, any user activity by you on third party websites shall not be bound by this Privacy Policy.
e.
Your information shall not be traded or sold in any manner, except as specified herein, or if express consent is sought from you.
f.
In the event we are part of an acquisition, merger, potential business investment with another company, we reserve the right to transfer all information we have collected from our users in connection with such acquisition or merger.
g.
We may allow third party service providers to place ads on our behalf across the internet and they may collect certain anonymous non-personal information such as your frequency of site visits or product preference so as to target advertisements for certain goods and services.
h.
We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under the age of 185 Any child below the age of 15 should rely on a parent or guardian for assistance on our Website and App.
Information collected from children below the age of 15 shall be used only for the purpose and functionality of our Website and App under our discretion.
Parents can choose to withdraw consent for usage of such information and deletion of the same.
Security.
The security and privacy of your information against unauthorized access or unauthorised alteration, disclosure or destruction is our priority.
Internal review of data collection, storage and processing practices and adequate security measures to guard your data in our possession, are undertaken by us on a regular basis.
Your LivWize account information is password-protected for your privacy and security.
Protect the confidentiality of the password you select to avoid unauthorized access to your password and to your LivWize App.
LivWize is not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions by third parties that receive your Personal Information.
LivWize shall not be held responsible for any loss, damage or misuse of Your Personal Information, if such loss, damage or misuse is attributable to a Force Majeure event that is beyond our reasonable control and shall include, without limitation, sabotage, fire, flood, acts of God, strikes or industrial action of any kind, riots, war, acts of government, computer hacking, unauthorised access to computer data and storage device, computer crashes, breach of security and encryption, etc.
Duration of Storage and Withdrawal of Consent.
We shall keep the information provided by you to us, for the time period that is necessary and consistent with the purpose for which you have given it to us.
You may choose not to provide us with certain information, but that may result in you being unable to use certain features of our products and services.
We take no responsibility for the authenticity of the information provided by you to us and any third party claims resulting from inaccuracy of your information.
You are advised to contact us at [email protected] or through the Grievance Cell given below, so as to update your personal information such as change in address, phone number, email ID etc.
to ensure accuracy of our records and uninterrupted services from us including timely delivery and fulfillment of your order.
You may opt to withdraw your information from our records by contacting us at [email protected] or through the Grievance Cell given below.
Except where needed to respond to a query from you or fulfill an order, we will delete your personal information on request by you.
BY USING LIVWIZE DEVICES, THE LIVWIZE APP AND WEBSITE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
LivWize RESERVES THE RIGHT, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION, TO CHANGE, MODIFY, ADD OR DELETE PORTIONS OF THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AT ANY TIME.
WE SHALL NOTIFY YOU WHEN WE MAKE ANY CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND YOUR CONTINUED USE OF OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES SHALL BE YOUR EXPRESS CONSENT TO THE THEN CURRENT PRIVACY POLICY.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us through our Website or contact us at our Grievance Cell details given below.
Email ID.
[email protected].
The Internet of Things have completely changed the way we live.
From homes to offices, IoT can connect everything and everyone to create environments that are smarter and more efficient.
We help you build custom IoT Solutions for your Connected Products and Smart Services on industry-leading IoT Cloud Platforms like AWS.
Solutions.
Intelligent PLC I/O Solution.
Smart Metering.
Smart Water Management.
Smart Lighting.
Smart Irrigation.
Home Automation.
Reservoirs Level Flow Monitoring.
Important Links.
About Us.
Industries.
Case Studies.
Blog.
Information.
PhoneBusiness.
8700440334Support.
935469480310AM - 7PM.
Email[email protected].
Address									C-803 8th Floor, Noida One IT Park, Sec-62, Noida, UP-201309.
Copyright  2022 Livwize - All rights reserved.
Terms & Conditions.
Privacy Policy.
Designed By Jenext Web Solutions.
