Features.
Solutions.
Pricing.
Learn.
Company.
TRY FOR FREE.
Better supply chain decisions.
QUANTITATIVE SUPPLY CHAIN OPTIMIZATION SOFTWARE.
Stop the spreadsheet madness.
Better purchasing, stocking, pricing, production, assortment decisions.
Risk-driven optimization.
Fewer stock-outs and fewer write-offs.
Stop fighting uncertainty.
Embrace itDiscover a world of probabilistic forecasts with Lokad.
Over $1 billion worth of inventory optimized.
Enter a new age of inventory optimization.
Probabilisticforecasting.
Deep explorationfor decisions.
Economicoptimization.
Managementmore in control.
A Supply ChainScientist copilot.
Book a free discovery call with a Supply Chain expert.
REQUEST A DISCOVERY CALL.
We’ve been using Lokad daily for over 2 years to calculate our sales prices.
It’s a tailored solution, especially given that our combined catalogs take in to account the 20 countries where we operate.
It has really helped us to take our ability to generate value via our pricing to a whole new level.
As well as being very powerful, Lokad’s solution gives us speed and reactivity, two elements that have become essential for any e- commerce.
Mathieu Pajot,Commercial and Pricing Director,Mister Auto.
Now 70% of our turnover and all the growth is through ecommerce.
I started to think about a purchase suggestion system to enhance/automate our purchase flows.
I was planning to build it myself but realized that these guys made exactly what I was looking for - but way better.
we use the service on a daily basis to optimize and make purchase decisions.
Lokad is not replacing the purchase managers but enhances the capacity and provides most valuable insights to make their work efficient and accurate.
Anders Carlsson,CEO of Hylte Jakt & Lantman.
Lokad brings a new tool to the table,  one that is both powerful and innovative.
But on top of that, Lokad has shared with Air France Industries its expertise in inventory optimization and Supply Chain management, thus bringing not only a complimentary IT solution but also a real consulting expertise, which our teams can rely on.
Charles Segondat,Head of Inventory Management, Air France Industries.
The Quantitative Supply Chain Manifesto.
If you can't measure it, you can't optimize it.
All possible futures must be considered.
a probability for each possibility.
All feasible decisions must be considered.
possibilities vs.
probabilities.
Economic drivers must be used to prioritize feasible decisions.
Being in control requires automation of every mundane task.
A Supply Chain Scientist must take ownership of the numerical results.
Learn more →.
LOKAD TV.
Videos on Quantitative Supply Chain by Lokad.
Demand forecasting, inventory optimization, pricing, and more.
Weekly interviews with supply chain leaders, quick explanations on main concepts and structured lectures about supply chain.
Supply Chain lectures.
Supply Chain in 3 minutes.
Supply Chain science and tech.
Get a new perspective on your Supply Chain.
The Quantitative Supply Chain represents a novel and disruptive perspective on the optimization of supply chains.
It can be seen as a refoundation of many supply chain practices, in particular regarding inventory forecasting, and has been built to make the most of the latest statistical approaches and vast computing resources that are available nowadays.
This perspective has emerged at Lokad, a software company founded by Joannes Vermorel.
Lokad mixes data analysis with machine learning, cloud computing and supply chain expertise in order to optimize supply chains in a rational and quantitative way, so that the business and financial impacts of every decision are properly quantified.
His experience at Lokad has given Joannes Vermorel the opportunity to study and analyze the methods, challenges and performances of dozens of companies all over the world.
This book is intended for supply chain executives and managers who want their supply chains to perform more, faster and with less resources.
It caters to those who, ultimately, want to be more in control of their supply chain, with a more precise idea of what their decisions entail.
This book provides a comprehensive introduction to the insights, methodologies and tools that have been gathered under the Quantitative Supply Chain umbrella.
The first part of this book covers the general concepts associated with the Quantitative Supply Chain.
It outlines how this perspective differs from the classic supply chain perspective, and sheds lights on the core insights.
The second part of this book provides hands-on materials to implement a Quantitative Supply Chain initiative.
It leverages Lokad as a programmatic platform tailored for Quantitative Supply Chain purposes.
GET THE BOOK.
GO TO KNOWLEDGEBASE.
BE IN THE LOOP.
NEWS.
Stockouts in 3 minutes.
A stockout happens when the inventory is exhausted.
Stockouts are usually treated as problems to be fixed, and many inventory methods, such as safety stocks, have been devised to control the frequency associated with those events.
Styling Prices for Retail in 3 minutes.
Better price tag design can significantly manipulate demand to increase the company’s profit.
The price should be displayed in small size, on the bottom left of the label for best results as that makes the price seem as small as possible to the consumer.
What Went Wrong at Peloton - Supply Chain in Focus.
In an economy stricken by a pandemic, Peloton quickly found itself rising to the top of the connected-fitness food chain.
Two years later, thousands of employees are getting fired and Peloton is considering a potential sale to other corporations.
Competitive pricing in 3 minutes.
A competitive pricing strategy focuses on matching your price with your competitors based on the assumption that the market has already defined the right price for a product.
VIDEOS.
Probabilistic Forecasting for Aviation.
Spairliners case study.
Prices and stocks optimization at Mister Auto.
Innovative Inventory Solutions - MRO - Air France Industries KLM Engineering & Maintenance.
83 - 85 bd Vincent Auriol, 75013 Paris.
US.
+1 (716) 989 6531FR.
+33 1 75 57 47 63.
© 2007-2021 Lokad.
All rights reserved.
| Terms of Service.
