SolutionsPathfinderLucata Cloud.
Pathfinder.
Lucata Cloud.
Use CasesFraud DetectionCybersecuritySupply ChainSocial Network AnalysisAI Training.
Fraud Detection.
Cybersecurity.
Supply Chain.
Social Network Analysis.
AI Training.
ResourcesBenchmarksBFSGUPSJaccardDatasheetTech BriefsApp NotesVideosPapersSDK.
BenchmarksBFSGUPSJaccard.
BFS.
GUPS.
Jaccard.
Datasheet.
Tech Briefs.
App Notes.
Videos.
Papers.
SDK.
AboutNewsPartnersCareers.
News.
Partners.
Careers.
Contact.
Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy.
Interpretation and Definitions.
Interpretation.
Definitions.
Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Business, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), refers to the Company as the legal entity that collects Consumers’ personal information and determines the purposes and means of the processing of Consumers’ personal information, or on behalf of which such information is collected and that alone, or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of consumers’ personal information, that does business in the State of California.
Company (referred to as either “the Company”, “We”, “Us” or “Our” in this Agreement) refers to Lucata Corp, 270 West 39th Street, New York, NY.
For the purpose of the GDPR, the Company is the Data Controller.
Consumer, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means a natural person who is a California resident.
A resident, as defined in the law, includes (1) every individual who is in the USA for other than a temporary or transitory purpose, and (2) every individual who is domiciled in the USA who is outside the USA for a temporary or transitory purpose.
Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
Country refers to.
California, United States.
Data Controller, for the purposes of the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), refers to the Company as the legal person which alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data.
Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Do Not Track (DNT) is a concept that has been promoted by US regulatory authorities, in particular the U.
S.
Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites.
Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
For the purposes for GDPR, Personal Data means any information relating to You such as a name, an identification number, location data, online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
For the purposes of the CCPA, Personal Data means any information that identifies, relates to, describes or is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with You.
Sale, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a Consumer’s personal information to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
Service refers to the Website.
Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company.
It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
For the purpose of the GDPR, Service Providers are considered Data Processors.
Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Website refers to Lucata, accessible from .
You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Under GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), You can be referred to as the Data Subject or as the User as you are the individual using the Service.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data.
Types of Data Collected.
Personal Data.
Email address.
First name and last name.
Phone number.
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City.
Usage Data.
Usage Data.
Tracking Technologies and Cookies.
Cookies or Browser Cookies.
A cookie is a small file placed on Your Device.
You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent.
However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service.
Unless you have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our Service may use Cookies.
Flash Cookies.
Certain features of our Service may use local stored objects (or Flash Cookies) to collect and store information about Your preferences or Your activity on our Service.
Flash Cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as those used for Browser Cookies.
For more information on how You can delete Flash Cookies, please read “Where can I change the settings for disabling, or deleting local shared objects.
” available at .
Web Beacons.
Certain sections of our Service and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of a certain section and verifying system and server integrity).
Necessary / Essential CookiesType.
Session Cookies Administered by.
UsPurpose.
These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its features.
They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts.
Without these Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide You with those services.
Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance CookiesType.
Persistent CookiesAdministered by.
UsPurpose.
These Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website.
Functionality CookiesType.
Persistent CookiesAdministered by.
UsPurpose.
These Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use the Website, such as remembering your login details or language preference.
The purpose of these Cookies is to provide You with a more personal experience and to avoid You having to re-enter your preferences every time You use the Website.
Tracking and Performance CookiesType.
Persistent CookiesAdministered by.
Third-PartiesPurpose.
These Cookies are used to track information about traffic to the Website and how users use the Website.
The information gathered via these Cookies may directly or indirectly identify you as an individual visitor.
This is because the information collected is typically linked to a pseudonymous identifier associated with the device you use to access the Website.
We may also use these Cookies to test new pages, features or new functionality of the Website to see how our users react to them.
Use of Your Personal Data.
To provide and maintain our Service, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
To manage Your Account.
to manage Your registration as a user of the Service.
The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
For the performance of a contract.
the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
To contact You.
To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application’s push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To provide You with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
To manage Your requests.
To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
To deliver targeted advertising to You.
We may use Your information to develop and display content and advertising (and work with third-party vendors who do so) tailored to Your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness.
For business transfers.
We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
For other purposes.
We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.
With Service Providers.
We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to advertise on third party websites to You after You visited our Service, to contact You.
For business transfers.
We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.
With Affiliates.
We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
With business partners.
We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
With other users.
when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside.
With Your consent.
We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.
Retention of Your Personal Data.
Transfer of Your Personal Data.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data.
Business Transactions.
Law enforcement.
Other legal requirements.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company.
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service.
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public.
Protect against legal liability.
Security of Your Personal Data.
Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data.
Analytics.
Google AnalyticsGoogle Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service.
This data is shared with other Google services.
Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.
The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.
js, analytics.
js and dc.
js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page.
.
Email Marketing.
HubSpotTheir Privacy Policy can be viewed at .
Behavioral Remarketing.
Measure and analyze traffic and browsing activity on Our Service.
Show advertisements for our products and/or services to You on third-party websites or apps.
Measure and analyze the performance of Our advertising campaigns.
The NAI’s opt-out platform.
.
The EDAA’s opt-out platform .
The DAA’s opt-out platform.
.
Google Ads (AdWords)Google Ads (AdWords) remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customise the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page.
also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on –  – for your web browser.
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page.
.
GDPR Privacy.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under GDPR.
Consent.
You have given Your consent for processing Personal Data for one or more specific purposes.
Performance of a contract.
Provision of Personal Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with You and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Legal obligations.
Processing Personal Data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Company is subject.
Vital interests.
Processing Personal Data is necessary in order to protect Your vital interests or of another natural person.
Public interests.
Processing Personal Data is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Company.
Legitimate interests.
Processing Personal Data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Company.
Your Rights under the GDPR.
Request access to Your Personal Data.
The right to access, update or delete the information We have on You.
Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of Your Personal Data directly within Your account settings section.
If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact Us to assist You.
This also enables You to receive a copy of the Personal Data We hold about You.
Request correction of the Personal Data that We hold about You.
You have the right to have any incomplete or inaccurate information We hold about You corrected.
Object to processing of Your Personal Data.
This right exists where We are relying on a legitimate interest as the legal basis for Our processing and there is something about Your particular situation, which makes You want to object to our processing of Your Personal Data on this ground.
You also have the right to object where We are processing Your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.
Request erasure of Your Personal Data.
You have the right to ask Us to delete or remove Personal Data when there is no good reason for Us to continue processing it.
Request the transfer of Your Personal Data.
We will provide to You, or to a third-party You have chosen, Your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
Please note that this right only applies to automated information which You initially provided consent for Us to use or where We used the information to perform a contract with You.
Withdraw Your consent.
You have the right to withdraw Your consent on using your Personal Data.
If You withdraw Your consent, We may not be able to provide You with access to certain specific functionalities of the Service.
Exercising of Your GDPR Data Protection Rights.
CCPA Privacy.
Categories of Personal Information Collected.
Category A.
Identifiers.
Examples.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Collected.
Yes.
Category B.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal.
Civ.
Code § 1798.
80(e)).
Examples.
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Collected.
Yes.
Category C.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Examples.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
Collected.
No.
Category D.
Commercial information.
Examples.
Records and history of products or services purchased or considered.
Collected.
No.
Category E.
Biometric information.
Examples.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
Collected.
No.
Category F.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Examples.
Interaction with our Service or advertisement.
Collected.
Yes.
Category G.
Geolocation data.
Examples.
Approximate physical location.
Collected.
No.
Category H.
Sensory data.
Examples.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Collected.
No.
Category I.
Professional or employment-related information.
Examples.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
Collected.
No.
Category J.
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.
S.
C.
Section 1232g, 34 C.
F.
R.
Part 99)).
Examples.
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
Collected.
No.
Category K.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Examples.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Collected.
No.
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, such as.
Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial dataPersonal Information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data.
Personal Information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
Sources of Personal Information.
Directly from You.
For example, from the forms You complete on our Service, preferences You express or provide through our Service.
Indirectly from You.
For example, from observing Your activity on our Service.
Automatically from You.
For example, through cookies We or our Service Providers set on Your Device as You navigate through our Service.
From Service Providers.
For example, third-party vendors to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, third-party vendors to deliver targeted advertising to You, or other third-party vendors that We use to provide the Service to You.
Use of Personal Information for Business Purposes or Commercial Purposes.
To operate our Service and provide You with our Service.
To provide You with support and to respond to Your inquiries, including to investigate and address Your concerns and monitor and improve our Service.
To fulfill or meet the reason You provided the information.
For example, if You share Your contact information to ask a question about our Service, We will use that personal information to respond to Your inquiry.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to You when collecting Your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
For internal administrative and auditing purposes.
To detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, including, when necessary, to prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Disclosure of Personal Information for Business Purposes or Commercial Purposes.
Category A.
Identifiers.
Category B.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal.
Civ.
Code § 1798.
80(e)).
Category F.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Sale of Personal Information.
Category A.
Identifiers.
Category B.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal.
Civ.
Code § 1798.
80(e)).
Category F.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Share of Personal Information.
Service Providers.
Our affiliates.
Our business partners.
Third party vendors to whom You or Your agents authorize Us to disclose Your personal information in connection with products or services We provide to You.
Sale of Personal Information of Minors Under 16 Years of Age.
Your Rights under the CCPA.
The right to notice.
You have the right to be notified which categories of Personal Data are being collected and the purposes for which the Personal Data is being used.
The right to request.
Under CCPA, You have the right to request that We disclose information to You about Our collection, use, sale, disclosure for business purposes and share of personal information.
Once We receive and confirm Your request, We will disclose to You.
The categories of personal information We collected about YouThe categories of sources for the personal information We collected about YouOur business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal informationThe categories of third parties with whom We share that personal informationThe specific pieces of personal information We collected about YouIf we sold Your personal information or disclosed Your personal information for a business purpose, We will disclose to You.
The categories of personal information categories soldThe categories of personal information categories disclosed.
The categories of personal information We collected about You.
The categories of sources for the personal information We collected about You.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom We share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information We collected about You.
If we sold Your personal information or disclosed Your personal information for a business purpose, We will disclose to You.
The categories of personal information categories soldThe categories of personal information categories disclosed.
The categories of personal information categories sold.
The categories of personal information categories disclosed.
The right to say no to the sale of Personal Data (opt-out).
You have the right to direct Us to not sell Your personal information.
To submit an opt-out request please contact Us.
The right to delete Personal Data.
You have the right to request the deletion of Your Personal Data, subject to certain exceptions.
Once We receive and confirm Your request, We will delete (and direct Our Service Providers to delete) Your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny Your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for Us or Our Service Providers to.
Complete the transaction for which We collected the personal information, provide a good or service that You requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with You, or otherwise perform our contract with You.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal.
Penal Code § 1546 et.
seq.
).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if You previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on Your relationship with Us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which You provided it.
Complete the transaction for which We collected the personal information, provide a good or service that You requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with You, or otherwise perform our contract with You.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal.
Penal Code § 1546 et.
seq.
).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if You previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on Your relationship with Us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which You provided it.
The right not to be discriminated against.
You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of Your consumer’s rights, including by.
Denying goods or services to YouCharging different prices or rates for goods or services, including the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penaltiesProviding a different level or quality of goods or services to YouSuggesting that You will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Denying goods or services to You.
Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties.
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to You.
Suggesting that You will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Exercising Your CCPA Data Protection Rights.
By email.
.
Provide sufficient information that allows Us to reasonably verify You are the person about whom We collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe Your request with sufficient detail that allows Us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
Verify Your identity or authority to make the request.
And confirm that the personal information relates to You.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
Website.
The NAI’s opt-out platform.
.
The EDAA’s opt-out platform .
The DAA’s opt-out platform.
.
Mobile Devices.
“Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” on Android devices.
“Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS devices.
“Do Not Track” Policy as Required by California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA).
Children’s Privacy.
Your California Privacy Rights (California’s Shine the Light law).
California Privacy Rights for Minor Users (California Business and Professions Code Section 22581).
Links to Other Websites.
Changes to this Privacy Policy.
Contact Us.
By email.
.
Company.
About.
Partners.
Careers.
Explore.
Solutions.
Pathfinder.
Use Cases.
Useful Links.
Contact.
Privacy Policy.
Twitter.
LinkedIn.
YouTube.
