About Us                        Company                          Customers & Partners                          Contact.
Company.
Customers & Partners.
Contact.
Applications                        Entertainment Lighting                          Connected Lighting                          HVAC & Building Automation                          Industrial IoT.
Entertainment Lighting.
Connected Lighting.
HVAC & Building Automation.
Industrial IoT.
Products                        Wireless DMX                        CRMX products                          CRMX OEM modules                          CRMX software                          Accessories                          Wireless DALI                        AirGlow device                          AirGlow OEM module                          AirGlow development kit                          Wireless Mesh                        Mira software                          Mira OEM modules                          Mira development kit                          Wireless Modbus                        W-Modbus Devices                          W-Modbus OEM Modules                          W-Modbus development kit                          Wireless BACnet                        W-BACnet device                          W-BACnet OEM module                          W-BACnet development kit.
Wireless DMX                        CRMX products                          CRMX OEM modules                          CRMX software                          Accessories.
CRMX products.
CRMX OEM modules.
CRMX software.
Accessories.
Wireless DALI                        AirGlow device                          AirGlow OEM module                          AirGlow development kit.
AirGlow device.
AirGlow OEM module.
AirGlow development kit.
Wireless Mesh                        Mira software                          Mira OEM modules                          Mira development kit.
Mira software.
Mira OEM modules.
Mira development kit.
Wireless Modbus                        W-Modbus Devices                          W-Modbus OEM Modules                          W-Modbus development kit.
W-Modbus Devices.
W-Modbus OEM Modules.
W-Modbus development kit.
Wireless BACnet                        W-BACnet device                          W-BACnet OEM module                          W-BACnet development kit.
W-BACnet device.
W-BACnet OEM module.
W-BACnet development kit.
Insights                        Technology                          Stories                          Videos.
Technology.
Stories.
Videos.
Support                        Support by product                          Distributors.
Support by product.
Distributors.
Career.
PRIVACY POLICY.
LumenRadio’s Privacy Policy.
LumenRadio takes your privacy seriously and with this policy we would like to inform you about for what purpose and to what extent we collect your personal information, what your rights are and how you exercise them.
We will only communicate with you in your professional role.
We are responsible for ensuring that the personal information collected by us is only used for its intended purpose and we will protect your personal information against unauthorised access and use according to dataskyddsförordningen (GDPR for Sweden) for processing of personal information.
LumenRadio includes LumenRadio AB and all its subsidiaries.
For us to be able to conduct our business or fulfill a request from you, certain personal information must be provided such as name, address, company, email or phone number.
The information you provide us with is used to process your requests and/or to fulfill the service or information you have requested.
We also process data that have been registered automatically during your visit as well as information collected from our website that requires an interaction (see “cookies and logs”).
Personal information gathered at meetings, trade shows, events, etc.
may be registered in our CRM, marketing and business systems.
We also collect and store information relating to purchases, transactions and information given as part of our ongoing relationship.
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
We will only communicate with you in your professional role and keep you informed based on one of the purposes below.
Legitimate interest.
Based on the the right of legitimate interest we store your personal information for below purposes such as.
Inform you about our current and future offering as well as blog posts, news, content, activities and events that might interest you.
Sending you the information/ downloads you request.
Contact you with the help you have requested.
Save personal information for the purpose of marketing analysis and automatic profiling based on user behaviour, where your profile might be used for marketing purposes.
Use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences.
Applications to annual general meetings are used for voting lists and to administer the annual general meeting.
Collect and process personal data to handle and facilitate recruitment.
Performance of a contract.
Based on the the right of performance of contract we store your personal information for below purposes such as.
To process and deliver sales orders including AR and debt collection.
To process purchase orders, including payments.
To be able to supply you with support of our products via CMS.
Maintain service levels.
Legal obligations.
Based on the the right of performance of contract we store your personal information for below purposes such as.
All personal information, and documentation including personal information, that constitutes a part of our financial records.
Personal information may be transferred to companies within the LumenRadio group of companies which may individually be responsible in accordance with the terms and conditions applicable to each service or function and according to national law applicable to such company.
Personal data will be handled in some cases by third-party sub suppliers, which LumenRadio employs to perform services.
Each designated subcontractor is a personal information controller for the company.
Agreements will always be established and we will strive not to transfer personal data to non-EU or EEA countries.
We only store the information that we need according to the purposes described above.
As a personal information provider you always have the right to.
Take note of the information we store about you.
Change or update the information we store.
Have your information deleted and forgotten.
Have your information stored but no longer linked to you as a person.
You also have the right to get information about infringements in our data records by email from us.
If you require assistance or to be informed about your rights you can contact us by sending an email to .
LumenRadio wants you to feel safe when providing us with your personal information, therefore we take all reasonable precautions to make sure your personal information is safe.
Among other things, SSL security is utilized (link to page about SSL).
Your personal information will never be sold or transferred to other parties for other purposes than specified in this policy.
Processing of personal information is done according to Svenska integritetsskyddslagstiftningen.
The systems we use to store your data is fundamentally adapted to comply with privacy laws that exist in Sweden and the rest of EU as described here.
The Company only cooperates with partners that process personal information within EU/EES or companies that comply to the same level of security as EU/EES requires, an example of this is the Privacy Shield, an agreement between EU and the US.
We will use your personal information to contact you for marketing and marketing analytic purposes to enhance the experience and optimize the quality of our services.
If you for any reason wish not to receive any marketing, please contact us with the subject that you do not wish to be contacted with any promotional purposes by sending an email to or use links that we provide in email communication with you for controlling the personal information that we store.
Cookies.
When you visit  cookies are stored on your device.
These are small text files that can store information such as settings on the website.
They also allow tracking to follow what you do on the website.
Most web browsers accept cookies by default, but if you do not want to utilize cookies you can change your browser settings to be notified every time a web site tries to store a cookie on your device.
When you visit our website you will be notified and informed about the different cookies we utilize and how you can set your web browser to notify you every time it is receiving a request to store a cookie.
This way you are in control if you want to accept or reject the request to store a cookie.
Log files.
When you are using the web from your computer or mobile device, the web server will log your interaction with the website, this log will contain basic information such as page views and IP address.
Our cookies.
Some cookies are needed in order to navigate and use this website, these cookies cannot be turned off if you wish to use all functionality of this website.
These cookies do not store any information that can be used to identify you as a person.
Some cookies are used to enhance the user experience when navigating our web page.
Session cookies are used to identify and authenticate the user during the visit to our web page.
A session cookie contains a randomly generated string (Session ID) that is assigned to the users device.
Session cookies are used for settings and storing these user settings, such as language settings and pre filled forms to enhance your experience while navigating our web site.
Third-party cookies.
We use cookies for analytical purposes to evaluate and to draw statistics over the general behaviour of the visitor on our website.
For example.
What external websites the visitors came from.
What searchterms were used.
What pages that are visited most frequently.
We gather statistics about the usage and interactions on our webpage.
This information is collected to make our website as user friendly and relevant as possible for you as a visitor.
All the information that is collected is aggregated on a comprehensive level, as well as anonymous.
LumenRadio AB website uses Google Analytics, Google Search Console, Google Tag Manager, Hotjar Analytical tool, Act-On as opt-in tool* and social media platforms (see “links and external websites”).
*By opt-in we refer to the forms that the visitors fill out to be contacted, newsletter subscriptions, invites and to obtain access to content such as white papers, articles and videos.
The registered users email will be linked to the IP address, that Act-On uses recognize the user during their next visit to our website.
If you continue to use our website without making any changes to your settings, we will assume that you accept our cookies.
On the website  there are links that lead to external websites and social media platforms.
The Company cares about the personal integrity of you who visit the website  and the following social media platforms that the Company uses.
LinkedIn – .
Facebook – .
Twitter – .
Youtube – .
Instagram – .
Xing – .
This privacy policy does not apply to other websites or social media accounts.
When visiting external websites, take part of their privacy policy before providing them with your personal information.
CONTACT.
For further questions regarding this policy, processing of personal information or having your personal information updated, corrected or deleted please contact.
LumenRadio AB,.
Svangatan 2B,.
416 68 Gothenburg.
+46 (0)31 301 03 70, .
Changes to this policy will occur going forward in order to stay up-to-date with the latest legal requirements and possible changes to our privacy management practiced.
You will always find the latest version on our website.
Updated.
February 2020.
Subscribe to our newsletter.
Thank you for your interest.
You have been successfully subscribed.
Oops, something went wrong.
🙁.
Please try again or contact our team for help.
About Us                        Company                          Customers / Partners                          Career.
Company.
Customers / Partners.
Career.
Applications                        Entertainment Lighting                          Connected Lighting                          HVAC & Building Automation                          Industrial IoT.
Entertainment Lighting.
Connected Lighting.
HVAC & Building Automation.
Industrial IoT.
Products                        Wireless DMX                          Wireless DALI                          Wireless Modbus                          Wireless Mesh.
Wireless DMX.
Wireless DALI.
Wireless Modbus.
Wireless Mesh.
Knowledge                        Technology                          Stories                          Videos.
Technology.
Stories.
Videos.
Support                        Support.
Support.
Contacts                        Sales                          Distributors.
Sales.
Distributors.
Follow Us on Social Media.
Newsletter Subscribe.
© 2022 LumenRadio.
All rights reserved.
Privacy Overview.
