PricingEuropean CoverageFlat Rate IoT SIMSimple flat rate IoT data from LunerGlobal CoveragePAYG IoT SIMsEasy to use PAYG IoT mobile data.
European CoverageFlat Rate IoT SIMSimple flat rate IoT data from Luner.
Flat Rate IoT SIMSimple flat rate IoT data from Luner.
Simple flat rate IoT data from Luner.
Global CoveragePAYG IoT SIMsEasy to use PAYG IoT mobile data.
PAYG IoT SIMsEasy to use PAYG IoT mobile data.
Easy to use PAYG IoT mobile data.
Marketplace.
Documentation.
About UsAbout LunerAbout UsAbout our company and our IoT productsNewsIoT news from Luner and across the sector.
About LunerAbout UsAbout our company and our IoT productsNewsIoT news from Luner and across the sector.
About UsAbout our company and our IoT products.
About our company and our IoT products.
NewsIoT news from Luner and across the sector.
IoT news from Luner and across the sector.
Contact.
Login.
Cart.
Privacy Policy.
Introduction.
At Luner we are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers and website visitors.
The information below is designed to give you a clear idea of how we use and protect your data.
If you would like further information or have any questions please contact our data protection officer.
Haris SpourdalakisPod Group (Trading as Luner)Calle Imagen 4, 6A41003, SevillaSpainEmail.
+34 954 050 200.
About us.
Podsystem Limited (trading as Luner) and Podsystem Solutions Limited are companies registered in England with company numbers 03848359 and 10226435 respectively, with their registered offices at WhiteLeaf Business Centre, Little Balmer Buckingham Industrial Park, Buckingham, United Kingdom.
Luner has additional UK offices in Cambridge and global offices in Spain, USA, Mexico, Nicaragua and Hong Kong.
Pod Group provides platforms and connectivity services for connected enterprises.
Through our specialist divisions, we bring over 20 years of experience, research and innovation to the mobile connectivity market, designing tools that capture real recurring revenue for your business.
PodM2M provides connectivity tailored to IoT applications, Pod Solutions creates custom tools to solve the most complex billing, security and connectivity problems.
These services, combined with our hierarchical billing platform, Pod Billing, give you every tool you need to profit from your connected enterprise.
For more information please visit .
What information do we collect and why.
If you contact us, either via a website form or chat, email, phone call or by meeting us in person and giving us your business card, the data you provide is included in our CRM system and used for legitimate business purposes.
These include.
responding to your enquiries about our products and services, sending quotes, invoices, products or additional information you request about our company, registering you as a user on our platforms, notifying you about issues related to the service, keeping you informed about new products or services, events we attend or content we publish which is relevant to your market.
This data is held in the strictest confidence, we do not rent or sell email lists.
The type of data we collect includes, but is not limited to, the following.
Full NameJob TitleCompany Name/AddressPhone NumberEmail AddressAny additional information you give us on your requirements or preferences.
When and why do we use cookies.
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit.
They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
One of the cookies we use is essential for parts of the site to operate and has already been set.
You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but parts of the site will not work.
Cookies usedGoogle Analytics_utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmzThese cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site.
We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site.
The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Follow the link below for Google’s Privacy Policy web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit  opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit .
Do we share data and why.
Information you supply to us via this site or the other means mentioned above is for the sole use of Pod Group, which includes the divisions PodM2M and Pod Solutions.
We store this information on secure servers to protect against abuse (see the security section below).
However, we may disclose your data to third party organizations in the following circumstances.
To our suppliers or subcontractors, when necessary for delivering goods or providing professional services related to our business (e.
g.
couriers, lawyers, insurers etc.
).
To the partners published on our website, only when we have your express permission for them to contact you regarding additional products or services that are relevant to your business.
If we are required to do so to comply with a legal obligation or by the public authorities.
In these cases, upon contacting you the third party will become the controller of your data and their privacy policy will apply.
Privacy policy in relation to sites we link to.
Our websites, including luner.
io, podgroup.
com, podm2m.
com and pod.
solutions include links to other sites which are not controlled by Pod Group.
This privacy policy only applies to information collected via Pod Group sites and Pod Group is not responsible for the privacy practices of sites linked to our websites.
Security.
All your data is stored in a secure environment on the latest servers.
Sensitive data (such as financial data) is protected by encryption protocols, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
How to correct, update or delete your data.
We would be pleased to hear from you at any time if you wish to correct or update your information.
If you would like to make any changes to your data or remove your information, please email us at .
Opting out of direct marketing.
All our direct marketing emails give you the possibility to opt out of receiving future correspondence.
You can unsubscribe from these emails at any time, by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in the footer.
Alternatively, you can send an email to with “Unsubscribe” in the subject line.
Amendments.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in accordance with the latest legislation.
The new version will always be published in the privacy policy section on our website and the date amended to reflect the latest changes, so we encourage you to check this page regularly for updates.
Compliance with GDPR legislation.
Luner will always ensure that your privacy rights are respected.
Your principal rights in relation to data protection are.
1.
The right to access2.
The right to rectification3.
The right to erasure4.
The right to restrict processing5.
The right to object to processing6.
The right to data portability7.
The right to complain to a supervisory authority8.
The right to withdraw consent.
For more details on your rights, please visit  You can exercise your rights at any time by contacting our data protection officer (see above).
Storage and retention of your data.
Luner will not retain your data for any longer than is reasonably necessary for the purposes of our business relationship.
You also have the option to erase your data and opt out of receiving correspondence from us at any time (see previous section).
Your data is held on Luner servers and on managed cloud based servers based in the UK, Spain and the USA.
International transfer of data.
The previous section states where the hosting facilities for our websites are based.
The global nature of the Internet means that your data will be transferred outside the European Economic Area.
Since we are also a global company, your data may be processed by international staff or data processors outside this area.
Transfer of your data between these countries will be protected by adhering to the European Commission protection clauses and Pod Group will also ensure that treatment of your data outside the EEA is in accordance with this privacy policy.
If you have any questions about the transfer of your data or would like to prevent data from being transferred, please contact our data protection officer.
Pricing.
Marketplace.
Documentation.
About Us.
Contact.
Login.
© Luner (Podsystems Ltd.
) 2020 all rights reserved.
Terms and Conditions - Service Handbook - Privacy Policy.
Stay connected with Luner.
Join our newsletter.
Submission successful.
We have successfully registered you onto our mailing list.
There was an error submitting your submission.
Please try to submit your details again.
If this persists please use our support widget to contact us.
Try submitting details again.
