ProductsLYNX MOSAic -LYNX MOSAic for Avionics -LYNX MOSAic for Industrial -LYNX MOSAic for UAVs/Satellites LynxSafeLynxSecureLynxOS-178LynxOSLynxElement.
LYNX MOSAic.
-LYNX MOSAic for Avionics.
-LYNX MOSAic for Industrial.
-LYNX MOSAic for UAVs/Satellites.
LynxSafe.
LynxSecure.
LynxOS-178.
LynxOS.
LynxElement.
SupportSupport ServicesSupport PortalTraining.
Support Services.
Support Portal.
Training.
IndustriesAvionicsAutomotiveDefense IndustrialIT InfrastructureLEO SatellitesSecure LaptopsUnmanned Systems.
Avionics.
Automotive.
Defense.
Industrial.
IT Infrastructure.
LEO Satellites.
Secure Laptops.
Unmanned Systems.
ResourcesResource Center Video LibraryFAQ.
Resource Center.
Video Library.
FAQ.
CompanyAboutExecutive TeamExecutive BlogPress ReleasesEventsCareersDistributorsContact.
About.
Executive Team.
Executive Blog.
Press Releases.
Events.
Careers.
Distributors.
Contact.
-Lynx Software Technologies-.
Privacy Policy.
Introduction.
LYNX Software Technologies is committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our policy—or our practices with regards to your personal information—then please contact us at .
When you visit our website [ (“Site”) and use our services, you trust us with your personal information.
We take your privacy very seriously and describe our Privacy Policy herein, explaining what information we collect, why we collect it, how we use it, and what rights you have in relation to it.
This Privacy Policy applies to all information collected through our website and/or any related services, sales, marketing, or events (referred to collectively in this Privacy Policy as the "Sites").
Please read this policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
Table of Contents.
What information do we collect.
How do we use your information.
Will your information be shared with anyone.
Do we use cookies and other tracking technologies.
Do we use Google Maps.
Is your information transferred internationally.
What are your data protection rights.
What is our Cookie Policy.
What types of cookies do we use.
How long do we keep your information.
How do we protect your personal information.
Do California residents have special privacy rights.
Do we make updates to this policy.
How can you contact us about this policy.
Policy Details.
What information do we collect.
A.
LYNX Software Technologies collects 3 types of information.
Personal information that you voluntarily disclose to us.
Information that is automatically collected.
Information collected from other sources.
Personal information you voluntarily disclose to us.
We collect personal information that you provide to us, such as (but not limited to) your name, address, company name, company role, and geographical data.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when contacting us, requesting evaluation versions of our products, applying for a position at the company, or otherwise contacting us and expressly providing us with your information.
The information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Sites, the choices you make, the features of the website that you use, or information requested/given during trade shows.
The personal information we collect when provided by you can include (but is not limited to) the following.
Name, Contact, and Geographic Data.
Depending on the various types of forms you may complete, we collect your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, region, country, and other similar contact data when expressly provided.
Company and Title Data.
Depending on the various types of forms you may complete, we may also collect information on the company or institution with whom your are employed, as well as any voluntarily shared project requirements.
Information automatically collected.
Some information—such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics—is collected automatically when you visit our website.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use, or navigate the Sites.
This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system (OS), language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Site and other technical information.
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Sites, abut may also be used for our internal analytics, marketing, and reporting purposes.
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.
[You can find out more about this in our Cookies Policy].
Information collected from other Sources.
We may collect limited data from public databases, marketing partners, and other outside sources.
We do not collect social media platform information.
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, other third parties, or from any other publicly shared source.
We do not collect information from social media platforms (such as Facebook).
Examples of the information we may receive from other sources can include.
marketing leads, search results and links, paid listings (such as sponsored links), etc.
How do we use your information.
A.
We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your express consent.
We use personal information collected via our Sites for a variety of business purposes described below.
We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests ("Business Purposes"), in order to enter into or perform a contract with you ("Contractual"), with your consent ("Consent"), and/or for compliance with our legal obligations ("Legal Reasons").
We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive in order to.
Send you marketing and promotional communications [for Business Purposes and/or with your Consent].
We and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences.
You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time (see the "Your Privacy Rights" section below).
Send administrative information to you [for Business Purposes, Legal Reasons and/or possibly Contractual].
We may use your personal information to send you product, service and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Deliver targeted advertising to you [for our Business Purposes and/or with your Consent].
We may use your information to develop and display content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness.
[For more information, see our Cookie Policy].
Request Feedback [for our Business Purposes and/or with your Consent].
We may use your information to request feedback from you in relation to your use of our Sites.
Protect our Sites [for Business Purposes and/or Legal Reasons].
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our Sites safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
Enforce our terms, conditions and policies [for Business Purposes, Legal Reasons and/or possibly Contractual].
Respond to legal requests and/or prevent harm [for Legal Reasons].
If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
Accomplish other Business Purposes.
We may use your information for other Business Purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Sites, products, services, marketing and your experience.
Will your information be shared with anyone.
A.
We only share information with your explicit consent, to comply with laws, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We only share and disclose your information in the following situations (we do not ever share, sell, rent, or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes).
Compliance with Laws.
We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests and Legal Rights.
We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers.
We may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work.
Examples include.
data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts.
We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Sites, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Sites over time.
This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the usefulness of certain content and better understand online activity in general.
We do not share, sell, rent, or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Business Transfers.
We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Business Partners.
We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions.
With your Consent.
We may disclose your personal information for any other purpose with your consent.
Do we use cookies and other tracking technologies.
A.
LYNX Software Technologies uses cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to access or store information.
Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Policy.
Do we use Google Maps.
A.
Our Company ("About Us") Page utilizes the Google Maps API.
Is your information transferred internationally.
A.
We may transfer, store, and process your information in countries other than your own.
Our servers are located in the United States.
If you are accessing our Sites from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information (see "Disclosure of Your Information" above) in France, the United Kingdom, or other countries.
If you are a resident in the European Economic Area (EEA), then these countries may not have data protection or other laws as comprehensive as those in your country.
We will however take all necessary measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy.
What are your data protection rights.
A.
LYNX Software Technologies would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights.
Every user is entitled to the following.
The right to access – You have the right to request us for copies of your personal data.
We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate.
You also have the right to request us to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we provided one month to respond to you, but we will endeavor to respond much sooner.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the following options.
Email.
.
Phone.
408-979-3900.
Fax.
408-979-3920.
Conventional mail.
Lynx Software Technologies (Attn.
Privacy Policy Officer).
855 Embedded Way.
San José, CA 95138-1018.
United States.
In some regions, such as the EEA, you have more specific rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information.
Otherwise, you may review, change, or terminate your relationship with LYNX Software Technologies at any time and request that we delete all collected personal information by contacting us at the address provided below.
In certain regions, such as the EEA, you have rights under applicable data protection laws (such as GDPR).
These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure.
(iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information.
and (iv) if applicable, to data portability.
In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information.
To make such a request, please use the contact .
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal.
Opting out of email marketing.
You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us using the details provided below.
You will then be removed from the marketing email list – however, we will still need to send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account.
You can also opt-out by (1) Noting your preferences at the time you receive any email correspondence from LYNX Software Technologies.
Contacting us using the contact information provided elsewhere in this Privacy Policy or by contacting .
What is our Cookie Policy.
A.
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information.
When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology.
How do we use cookies.
We do not collect email addresses of unregistered visitors.
We do employ cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including.
Keeping you signed in.
Understanding how you use our website.
Tailoring your website experience to provide more useful information to you.
Granting you access to otherwise protected content.
What types of cookies do we use.
A.
There are a number of different types of cookies.
Our website uses the following general categories of cookies.
Functionality/Necessary Cookies, Analytical Cookies, Marketing/Advertising Cookies.
Functionality/Necessary Cookies—These cookies are used to make a website function properly.
Our necessary cookies are not used for tracking.
The most common necessary action performed using a cookie is user authentication.
When you log in to a website, a cookie is stored in your browser including some piece of data used by the web to remember who is authenticated when you go to another internal page or refresh the site.
Analytical cookies—These cookies are not necessary but are used to collect valuable information on how a website is being used, to attempt to identify issues and to determine what could be improved on the site and what content is most useful.
The information collected is, in most cases, anonymous, but some analytics services collect information that can be used to identify the user.
Marketing/Advertising Cookies—These cookies are used to track visitors across websites to profile user behavior and allow publishers to display relevant advertisements.
We use these cookies so that we recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences.
Examples of these could include what language you prefer and what geographical location from which you are viewing our Sites.
A mix of first-party and third-party cookies may be used.
Additional Information on Cookies Used for Marketing Purposes—We would like to send you information about products and services of ours that we think you might benefit from.
If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at any time you choose.
You have the right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes.
How to Manage Cookies—US users may choose to reject cookies either outright, or on a case-by-case basis by using the settings in your internet browser.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser.
However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
EEA users will be provided the option of managing cookies via the pop-up message displayed at the bottom of a user’s screen upon visiting our Sites.
Privacy Policies of Other Websites—Our Sites contains links to other websites.
Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
How long do we keep your information.
A.
We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by law.
We keep information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy-- unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements--and to otherwise fulfill the purposes, rights and obligations outlined in this Privacy Policy.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
How do we protect your personal information.
A.
We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process.
However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure.
Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Sites is at your own risk.
You should only access the services within a secure environment.
Do California residents have special privacy rights.
A.
Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.
83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year.
If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request by contacting .
Do we make updates to this Privacy Policy.
A.
Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We keep our privacy policy under review and place any updates on this web page.
This privacy policy was last reviewed and updated on March 17, 2019.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time.
The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible.
If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification.
We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
How can you contact us about this Privacy Policy.
A.
If you have any questions or concerns whatsoever regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us via any of the following.
Email.
.
Phone.
408-979-3900.
Fax.
408-979-3920.
Conventional mail.
Lynx Software Technologies (Attn.
Privacy Policy Officer).
855 Embedded Way.
San José, CA 95138-1018.
United States.
INDUSTRIES.
Automotive.
Avionics.
Defense.
Industrial.
IT Infrastructure.
LEO Satellites.
Secure Laptops.
Unmanned Systems.
PRODUCTS.
LYNX MOSA.
ic.
LynxSecure.
LynxOS-178.
LynxOS.
RESOURCES.
SERVICESDistributorsSupport Support PortalTraining.
Distributors.
Support.
Support Portal.
Training.
LEARNResource Center Video Library.
Resource Center.
Video Library.
COMPANYAbout UsExecutive BlogPress ReleasesEventsCareersContact Us.
About Us.
Executive Blog.
Press Releases.
Events.
Careers.
Contact Us.
Recent News.
Lynx Software Technologies Partners with Google Cloud to Support Google Anthos Bare Metal and Google Visual Inspection AI Service.
Copyright © 2020 Lynx Software Technologies.
Privacy Policy.
