ProductDisplay SolutionsOverviewMobile DDICLarge DDICPower SolutionsOverviewSJ MOSFETs500V600V650V700V800V900VHV MOSFETs200V250V400V500V600V650VMV MOSFETs40V60V80V100V135V150VLV MOSFETs12V20V24V30VDiscrete IGBTs650V1200VIGBT Chip for Standard Module1200VLED SolutionsLED BLU DriversLED Lighting DriversMobile SolutionsAnalog SwitchesDC-DC ConvertersLED BLU DriversPower ConversionsDC-DC ConvertersAC-DC Converters.
Display SolutionsOverviewMobile DDICLarge DDIC.
Overview.
Mobile DDIC.
Large DDIC.
Power SolutionsOverviewSJ MOSFETs500V600V650V700V800V900VHV MOSFETs200V250V400V500V600V650VMV MOSFETs40V60V80V100V135V150VLV MOSFETs12V20V24V30VDiscrete IGBTs650V1200VIGBT Chip for Standard Module1200VLED SolutionsLED BLU DriversLED Lighting DriversMobile SolutionsAnalog SwitchesDC-DC ConvertersLED BLU DriversPower ConversionsDC-DC ConvertersAC-DC Converters.
Overview.
SJ MOSFETs500V600V650V700V800V900V.
500V.
600V.
650V.
700V.
800V.
900V.
HV MOSFETs200V250V400V500V600V650V.
200V.
250V.
400V.
500V.
600V.
650V.
MV MOSFETs40V60V80V100V135V150V.
40V.
60V.
80V.
100V.
135V.
150V.
LV MOSFETs12V20V24V30V.
12V.
20V.
24V.
30V.
Discrete IGBTs650V1200V.
650V.
1200V.
IGBT Chip for Standard Module1200V.
1200V.
LED SolutionsLED BLU DriversLED Lighting Drivers.
LED BLU Drivers.
LED Lighting Drivers.
Mobile SolutionsAnalog SwitchesDC-DC ConvertersLED BLU Drivers.
Analog Switches.
DC-DC Converters.
LED BLU Drivers.
Power ConversionsDC-DC ConvertersAC-DC Converters.
DC-DC Converters.
AC-DC Converters.
About UsOverviewExecutive ManagementCorporate ResponsibilityOverviewEnvironmentBusiness ContinuityConflict MineralsEthics and CompliancesEmployee WellnessNewsroom.
Overview.
Executive Management.
Corporate ResponsibilityOverviewEnvironmentBusiness ContinuityConflict MineralsEthics and CompliancesEmployee Wellness.
Overview.
Environment.
Business Continuity.
Conflict Minerals.
Ethics and Compliances.
Employee Wellness.
Newsroom.
Contact UsContact Us.
Contact Us.
InvestorsInvestors.
Investors.
English한국어中文(简体).
한국어.
中文(简体).
Privacy Policy.
Thank you for visiting Magnachip’s website (“Magnachip,” “we,” “us” and “our” refer to Magnachip Semiconductor Corporation, together with its subsidiaries.
).
This Privacy Policy details certain policies implemented throughout Magnachip, governing its processing of personal data about users, including investors, customers, vendors and job applicants (collectively, “Data Subject(s)”), of this website as well as all associated Magnachip websites linked with this website (collectively, the “Website”).
Data Controller.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, Magnachip Semiconductor, Ltd.
, a Magnachip company registered in the Republic of Korea, is responsible for the processing of the Data Subjects’ personal data.
You can contact us by email or phone using our contact information.
Types of Personal Data.
You can visit our Website without revealing any personal data about yourself.
However, in certain sections of this Website, we invite you to contact us with questions or comments, request information from us or complete a profile or registration form.
Due to the nature of some of these activities, we may collect some of the following types of personal data.
name, address, e-mail address, phone number, password, username and other contact information that you voluntarily transmit with your communication to us.
We may also collect information about you and your use of our Website and services through cookies, the log-in process, your e-mail and use of our Website, products or services.
Where we have obtained your consent to the extent required by applicable law, we use information collected through cookies, web beacons (including pixels and tags), web server logs and other automated means for the purposes described in our Cookie Policy.
Purposes and Legal Basis.
We process your personal data in accordance with applicable data protection laws and only for the following limited, explicit and legitimate purposes and corresponding legal basis.
Retention and Destruction of Personal Data.
Your personal data will be retained (i) as long as required to carry out the purposes for which the personal data was collected or otherwise processed.
(ii) in accordance with the storage periods required by applicable laws.
or (iii) until you revoke your consent to the processing or storage of your personal data, if applicable.
Personal data that has fulfilled the purpose for which it was collected or otherwise processed will be destroyed in an irreversible way.
Personal data stored in electronic files will be deleted safely in an irreversible way by using technical methods, and printed personal data will be destroyed by shredding or incinerating such information.
Children’s Privacy.
We recognize the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests.
This Website is not intended for children under the age of 16.
We do not target services to, nor does this Website target, children under the age of 16.
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 16.
Disclosure of Personal Data.
Magnachip will only grant access to personal data in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy and on a need-to-know basis.
Such access will be authorized and limited to the personal data that is necessary to perform the function for which such access is granted.
Subject to applicable laws and regulations, we may disclose personal data that we collect or you provide as described in this Policy.
To other entities within Magnachip group.
To public authorities or government agencies pursuing a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process or in the context of a formal investigation.
To insolvency administrators in the event of company bankruptcy.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Magnachip’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal data held by Magnachip is among the assets transferred.
If we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority.
We will not sell your personal data to any company or organization, provided that we may transfer your personal data to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which Magnachip participates or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of Magnachip’s assets to which this Website relates.
Security.
We have developed and implemented technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal data from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.
Magnachip uses firewalls, password protection and secure socket layer, and places internal restrictions on who within Magnachip may access your personal data, to help prevent unauthorized access to your personal data.
Your Rights.
You may exercise the following data protection rights.
The right to request access to and receive information about the personal data we process in relation to you.
The right to rectification or erasure of your personal data.
The right to restriction of processing of your personal data.
The right to data portability in order to transfer your personal data easily to another company.
Where personal data processing is based on your consent, the right to withdraw consent at any time (e.
g.
, You can tell us not to send you any further marketing emails by clicking on the unsubscribe link within the marketing emails you receive from us or by contacting us as indicated below.
).
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
The right to object to processing concerning your personal data.
You may also exercise these rights through your legal guardian or someone who has been authorized by you to exercise the right.
However, in this case, you must submit a power of attorney to us in accordance with applicable laws.
You may contact the company to make requests about your rights mentioned above through the contact information listed in the “Contact” section below.
Upon your request, we will take necessary measures without delay in accordance with applicable laws.
You can also withdraw your consent at any time.
Updating Personal Data.
We may provide you with the ability to update your contact information that you have provided to us through the Website.
If you wish to update your personal data, you may access your account and review and update your personal data.
Website Users Outside of Republic of Korea.
Our computer systems are currently based in the Republic of Korea, so your personal data will be transferred to and processed there where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the United States or the European Union.
We endeavor to do our best in order to protect your personal data according to the measures and requirements described in the “Security” section of this privacy policy.
Contact.
To protect your personal data and handle complaints relating to your personal data, we have appointed the following department to be responsible for managing and protecting your personal data.
Department in charge of privacy related complaints.
Compliance team.
Email.
.
Privacy Policy Updates.
Due to the rapidly evolving nature of the Internet, we may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time.
If so, we will post a notice on our Website regarding the updated Privacy Policy, so that you can be informed of what personal information we may collect, how we may use this information, etc.
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
Your continued use of this Website and continued provision of personal data to us will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy.
Last updated.
May 26, 2021.
Magnachip's Privay Policy Updates.
Privacy Overview.
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly.
This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website.
These cookies do not store any personal information.
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies.
It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Your report has been successfully submitted.
You can access your report in My Reports.
ProductDisplay SolutionsPower Solutions.
Display Solutions.
Power Solutions.
About UsOverviewExecutive ManagementCorporate ResponsibilityNewsroom.
Overview.
Executive Management.
Corporate Responsibility.
Newsroom.
Contact Solution Sales Offices & ChannelsReporting Unethical ConductLinkedinWeChat.
Power Solution Sales Offices & Channels.
Reporting Unethical Conduct.
Linkedin.
WeChat.
Investors.
Terms of Use.
Privacy Policy.
Cookies Policy.
Sitemap.
Reporting Unethical Conduct.
