Our Privacy Policy.
Last updated.
05 October 2020.
“Personal information” is information we hold which is identifiable as being about you and/or your customers.
Personal information collected by us will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Australian Privacy Principles.
1.
What personal information we collect.
There are many aspects of the site which can be viewed without providing personal information, however, you may be required to submit personally identifiable information from time to time.
When you create a Maisie account and install the Maisie App on your e-commerce platform / software, we may collect certain types of information about you, your store and your customers.
This may include.
names.
contact information including addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, locations, etc.
information about individuals who visit your website, such as their IP address, web browser details, time zone, and information about the cookies installed on their particular device.
store data such as orders, products, inventory, fulfillment & shipping information.
demographic information.
information about your Facebook account, Business Page and subscribers / followers.
information about goods and services you have ordered.
information from enquiries you have made.
information about your product needs.
information about your business or personal affairs.
communication between us.
credit card information.
any other information requested on this Site or otherwise required by us or provided by you.
We may contact you by a variety of measures to voluntarily respond to questionnaires, surveys or market research to seek your opinion and feedback.
Providing this information is optional to you.
We may receive personal information from third parties.
If we do, it will be protected as set out in this Privacy Policy.
2.
Non-personally identifiable information.
For each visitor to the site and/or to your website, we collect the following non-personally identifiable information, including but not limited to pages viewed while browsing the site, browser and operating systems, page access times and referring website address.
This collected information is used solely internally for the purpose of gauging visitor traffic, trends and delivering personalised content to you while you are at the site.
3.
How we collect your personal information.
We collect personal information from you and your customers in a variety of ways, including.
when you install the Maisie App.
when someone visits your website.
when someone interacts with the Maisie App on your website.
when you interact with us electronically or in person.
when you access our website.
and when we provide our services to you.
4.
Use of your personal information.
We do not sell your personal information – such as your name and contact information – to third parties to use for their own marketing purposes.
Maisie uses the information we collect for the following purposes.
Provide our Service.
To provide you the Maisie Service and make Maisie available to the public, communicate with you about your use of the Service, respond to your inquiries, provide troubleshooting, and for other customer service purposes.
Personalisation.
To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, to offer personalised help and instructions, and to otherwise personalise your experiences while using the Service.
Marketing and promotions.
For marketing and promotional purposes, such as to send you news and newsletters, special offers and promotions, or to otherwise contact you about products or information we think may interest you, including information about third-party products and services.
Analytics.
To gather data to better understand how users access and use the Service.
to evaluate and improve the Service, and to develop new products and services.
Comply with the law.
We may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
Prevent misuse.
Where we believe necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or violations of our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy.
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted.
If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.
Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Australia and the United States.
5.
Disclosure of personal information.
We may share your information with organisations that assist us to provide information, products and services to you.
Those organisations will receive only the information they need to help deliver the Maisie service.
By using the Maisie Website you consent to the disclosure of your information to those organisations.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that these organisations are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations in relation to the protection of your personal information.
We may also disclose information when it is required by law.
We may disclose information to parties located outside of Australia.
These locations may include, but are not limited to, Australia and the United States of America.
6.
Security.
We take reasonable steps to protect your personal information.
However, we are not liable for any unauthorised access to this information.
The transmission and exchange of information is carried out at your own risk.
We take steps to safeguard against unauthorised disclosures of information, however we cannot assure you that personal information will not be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
7.
Cookies, Pixels and Tracking.
We and our third-party providers use cookies, clear GIFs/pixel tags, JavaScript, local storage, log files and other mechanisms to automatically collect and record information about the usage and browsing activities of you and your website visitors across third-party sites or online services.
We may combine this information with other information we collect about users.
Below, we provide a brief summary of these activities.
Cookies.
These are small files with a unique identifier that are transferred to your browser through our websites.
They allow us to remember users who are logged in, to understand how users navigate through and use the Service, and to display personalised content and targeted ads (including on third-party sites and applications).
Pixels, web beacons, clear GIFs.
These are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, which we use to track the online movements of users of the Service and to personalize content.
We also use these in our emails to let us know when they have been opened or forwarded, so we can gauge the effectiveness of our communications.
Analytics Tools.
We may use internal and third-party analytics tools, including Google Analytics.
The third-party analytics companies we work with may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online products and services.
Their collection and use of information is subject to their own privacy policies.
8.
Third-party ad networks.
We may use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertising or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.
For information about and to opt out of personalised ads from many ad networks, please visit.
In Australia.
‍Your Online Choices.
‍In the United States.
Ad Choices by The Digital Advertising AllianceNetwork Advertising Initiative Consumer Opt-Out.
In Canada.
Ad Choices by The Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada.
In the European Union.
Your Online Choices by The European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance.
9.
Third party sites.
Our site has links to other websites not owned or controlled by us.
We are not responsible for these sites or the consequences of you going on to those sites.
10.
Data retention.
When you create a Maisie account and install the Maisie App on your eCommerce platform / software, we will maintain all data for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
11.
Accessing your personal information.
You have a right to access your personal information in accordance with the provisions of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
If you would like to do so, please email us at privacy [at] maisie.
ai and let us know.
You may be required to put your request in writing for security reasons.
We reserve the right to charge a fee for searching for, and providing access to, your information on a per request basis.
We reserve the right to refuse to provide you with information that we hold about you, in certain circumstances set out in the Privacy Act.
If you believe that any information we hold on you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, please email us at privacy [at] maisie.
ai.
We will respond to any request shortly after receiving it and will endeavour to promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
12.
Complaints.
If you have any complaints about our privacy practices, please feel free to send in details of your complaints to Maisie Technologies, 11-13 Cubitt Street, Cremorne, 3121 Victoria, Australia.
Alternatively you may email us.
We take complaints very seriously and will respond shortly after receiving written notice of your complaint.
13.
Changes.
Please be aware that we may amend this Privacy Policy in the future with changes, additions and deletions, at our discretion.
Your continued use of the Site following any amendments indicates that you accept the amendments.
You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are aware of any changes.
‍.
