Our customers.
Automation Technology.
Mechanical & Plant Engineering.
Smart Products.
Energy.
Cross-industry.
Our offerings.
Solutions.
Digital Business Models.
IoT Solutions.
Device Management.
Edge & Connectivity.
Device Configuration and Parameterization.
Engineering Tools for Automation Systems.
HMI & Visualization.
Assistance Systems.
Asset & Fleet Management.
Services.
Software Development Partnership.
Offshore Software Development.
Consulting.
Device Integration.
Operations.
Technologies.
Our Technology Strategy.
Our Partnership with Microsoft.
Artificial Intelligence.
Rich Client and Web-Solutions.
Internet of Things & Cloud.
Embedded Solutions for Industry 4.
0.
Mobile Solutions.
Augmented Reality.
Products.
Remote Device Access.
OEM fdtCONTAINER application.
fdtCONTAINER component.
dtmMANAGER development suite.
dtmINSPECTOR.
basicDTM.
WAGO Cloud Individual.
Media & News.
Media & News.
News.
Newsletter.
Project reports.
Events.
Videos & Webcasts.
Whitepaper.
Social Media.
Facebook.
LinkedIn.
Xing.
YouTube.
Career.
Jobs M&M Software Development Centre India.
Jobs M&M Software Germany.
Company.
About us.
Competencies & Services.
Customer centricity.
Our Approach.
Our quality standards.
Information.
Legal Notice.
Locations.
Privacy.
Terms and Conditions.
More.
Download.
Contact.
Newsletter.
Home.
Privacy.
Privacy statement and information of the persons concerned in accordance with Article 13 and Article 14 of the EU General Data Protection Regulation.
1.
General information.
Information about the responsible agency.
2.
General data processing information.
Affected data.
Personal data is only collected if you provide it to us by yourself.
Besides this, no personal data is collected.
Any processing of your personal data that goes beyond the scope of the statutory permission is only possible based on your express consent.
Public authorities in case of priority legislation.
External service providers or other contractors.
Other external agencies as far as the data subject has given his consent or a transmission of predominant interest is permissible.
3.
Specific information about the website.
In general, visiting our website does not require you to provide any personal information.
Technically, however, we temporarily store the connection data of the requesting computer, the websites you visit, the date and duration of the visit, the recognition data of the browser and operating system type used and the website from which you visit us.
If the programming of our website causes your browser to load data from servers operated by third parties, we ourselves are not involved in these data transfers.
Personal data is only collected if you provide it to us by using one of our forms on the website.
The transmission of the data is encrypted.
a.
Newsletter.
As part of the registration of our newsletter, you provide us with your name, company name, e-mail address and optionally further data.
We use this information exclusively to send you our newsletter.
Your data entered during the newsletter registration will remain with us until you unsubscribe from our newsletter.
A deregistration is possible at any time via the provided link in the newsletter or a corresponding message to us.
With the deregistration you disclaim the use of your data for this purpose.
For documentation of the newsletter consent and to prevent misuse of your data, we use the so-called double-opt-in procedure.
By using this process, we ensure that the recipient also wants to receive our newsletter.
After registration you will receive an e-mail asking you to confirm your subscription to the newsletter.
Only after confirmation, we will send you our newsletter.
The registration for the newsletter will be logged in order to prove the registration process according to the legal requirements.
This includes the storage of both the registration and the confirmation time.
Similarly, changes to your stored data are logged.
Furthermore, we use your e-mail address, which we receive in connection with the sale of our products or services, for direct advertising in the form of our newsletter for our own similar products or services as ordered by you, except you disclaimed the use of your data for this purpose.
You may disclaim the use of your e-mail address at any time without incurring any costs other than the base rate transmission costs.
Your contradiction (and thus the cancellation of our newsletter) can be exercised by sending a message to the above-mentioned e-mail address .
We use the service provider Newsletter2Go to send the newsletter.
Your data will be transmitted to Newsletter2Go GmbH.
Newsletter2Go is prohibited from selling your data and using it for purposes other than sending newsletters.
In our newsletters, so-called click tracking also takes place, in which the following data is recorded.
Opening rate of the email, which link was clicked.
b.
Contact form.
When using the contact form, you provide us with your name, your e-mail address and optionally further data.
We use this information exclusively to process your request.
Your data entered in the contact form will remain with us until you disclaim the storage.
A contradiction is possible at any time by sending a corresponding message to us.
With this message, you contradict the use of your data for this purpose.
c.
Download registrations.
As part of the registration for downloads, you tell us your e-mail address and optionally other data.
We use this information to send you download links once.
In addition, you sign up for the newsletter at the same time.
Your data entered during the download registration remain stored with us until you disclaim the storage.
A contradiction is possible at any time by sending a corresponding message to us.
With this message, you contradict the use of your data for this purpose.
d.
Event registrations.
When registering for events, you provide us with your first name, surname, company, telephone number, e-mail address and optionally further data.
We use this information to process your event registration.
In addition, you sign up for the newsletter at the same time.
Your data entered during event registration will remain with us until you disclaim the storage.
A contradiction is possible at any time by sending a corresponding message to us.
With this message, you contradict the use of your data for this purpose.
e.
Use of Matoma.
This website uses the open source software Matoma (formerly Piwik) for the statistical evaluation of user access.
To do this, Matoma uses cookies that are stored on your or the user's computer.
These cookies allow an analysis of the use of our website.
The information generated by cookies on the use of this website is stored on the server of the company domainFACTORY in Germany.
The IP address is anonymized immediately after processing and prior to its storage.
As a user of the website, you can prevent the installation of cookies by configuring your browser software accordingly.
However, as a user of our website, we point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of our website to the full extent.
If you want to disclaim the use of cookies, please click here.
f.
Use of tawk.
to.
This website optionally offers the use of Tawk.
to, a live chat software from Tawk.
to ltd.
The chat is integrated into the source code of the website via a plugin.
By using the chat, you automatically use the services of Tawk.
to.
All data that you enter the chat window will be transferred to Tawk.
to and saved there.
The data collected includes.
name, chat history and country of origin.
These data are not passed on to third parties and are only used for protection and internal statistics.
By using the chat, you consent to this storage and use of the data.
The data collected with the Tawk.
to technologies are not used to personally identify the visitor to this website.
They are not saved and deleted after the chat.
The purpose and scope of the data collection and further processing and use of the data by Tawk.
to as well as your related rights and setting options to protect your privacy can be found in the data protection information of Tawk.
to.
.
4.
Details of other data processing procedures.
a.
Specific information about the extranet.
When registering for the M&M Extranet, you provide us with your first name, last name, company name, company address, e-mail address and optionally further data.
We use this information to create your user account.
Your data entered during registration will remain with us until the user account is deleted.
You can request a deletion at any time by sending a corresponding message to us.
Your account will be deleted accordingly.
Furthermore, login times, page views and file downloads in the extranet are automatically logged for security purposes.
b.
Specific information about the application process.
Public authorities in case of priority legislation.
Other external bodies as far as the data subject has given his consent or a transmission of predominant interest is permissible, such as Parent company, Ministry of Justice (list of financial sanctions).
c.
Specific information for the processing of customer data / prospect data.
Public authorities in case of priority legislation.
External service providers or other contractors, like shipping providers, service provider for printing and sending information.
Other external bodies as far as the data subject has given his consent or a transmission of predominant interest is permissible, for example credit check agencies.
d.
Specific information for the processing of supplier data.
Public authorities in case of priority legislation, for example fiscal authorities, customs.
External service providers or other contractors, for example for payment processing.
Other external offices as far as the data subject has given his consent or a transfer of predominant interest is permissible.
e.
Specific information for the processing through social networks.
We maintain publicly available profiles in social networks.
Generally, social networks like Facebook can analyze your user behavior comprehensively by visiting their website or a website with integrated social media content (such as like buttons or banner ads).
By visiting our social media presences, numerous data protection relevant processing processes are triggered.
In detail.
If you are logged into your social media account and visit our social media presence, the operator of the social media portal can assign this visit to your user account.
Under certain circumstances, your personal data may also be recorded if you are not logged in or do not have an account on the respective social media portal.
In this case, this data is collected, for example, via cookies stored on your device or by recording your IP address.
With the help of the data collected in this way, the operators of the social media portals can create user profiles in which your preferences and interests are stored.
This way, you can see interest-based advertising in and out of your social media presence.
If you have an account on the respective social network, the interest-based advertising can be displayed on all devices on which you are, or were, logged in.
Please also note that we can not retrace all processing processes on the social media portals.
Depending on the provider, therefore, further processing operations may possibly be carried out by the operators of the social media portals.
Details can be found in the terms of use and privacy policy of the respective social media portals.
If you visit any of our social media sites (such as Facebook), we, together with the social media platform operator, are responsible for the data processing operations triggered during this visit.
In principle, you can assert your rights (information, correction, deletion, limitation of processing, data portability and complaint) both to us and to the operator of the respective social media portal (for example, Facebook).
Please note that despite the shared responsibility with the social media portal operators, we do not have full influence on the data processing operations of the social media portals.
Our options are determined by the company policy of the respective provider.
The data collected directly by us via the social media presence will be deleted from our systems as soon as the purpose for their storage is removed, you ask us to delete it, you revoke your consent for storage or the purpose for the data storage is dropped.
Saved cookies remain on your device until you delete them.
Mandatory legal provisions - especially retention periods - remain unaffected.
We have no control over the storage time of your data stored by the social network operators for their own purposes.
For details, please contact the social network operators directly (for example, in their privacy policy).
5.
Further information and contacts.
You may at any time assert your claims to information, correction, blocking, completion, deletion or restriction of the processing or the exercise of your right of objection to the processing, as well as the right to data portability.
You may send us your request for information, blocking, deletion and rectification regarding your personal data as well as revocations of your consent by e-mail to or by letter to the contact address stated in the imprint.
You also have the right to contact the relevant data protection supervisory authority for complaints.
If you have any further questions regarding the protection of your personal data, this privacy statement, consent declarations and the processing of your personal data or complaints about data protection, you can contact us at the following e-mail address.
.
6.
Acknowledgement of the privacy policy, changes to this policy.
This privacy policy is valid from the date of publication on the website of M&M Software GmbH until further notice.
For the use of our offer the confirmation and acknowledgment of the data protection agreement is indispensable.
Please note that data protection regulations and data protection procedures may change constantly and the contents of this privacy policy must be adapted.
In this case, we will make changes transparent to you.
It is also advisable to inform yourself about changes in the legal provisions and practice of our company.
Sprache der Seite ändern.
St.
Georgen.
St.
Georgen.
Industriestr.
5.
78112 St.
Georgen.
Germany.
Tel.
+49(0)7724/9415-0.
Fax.
+49(0)7724/9415-23.
Directions.
Hanover.
Hanover.
Hollerithallee 17.
30419 Hanover.
Germany.
Suzhou.
Suzhou.
1355 Jinjihu Ave, SIP.
215021 Suzhou.
China.
Tel.
+86 (0)512 6807 5718.
Fax.
+86 (0)512 6807 5728.
苏ICP备17045285号.
More.
More.
Newsletter.
Download.
Project reports.
Contact.
Follow us.
Follow us.
Facebook.
LinkedIn.
Xing.
YouTube.
Information.
Information.
Legal Notice.
Privacy.
Terms and Conditions.
PSIRT.
