be_ixf.
php_sdk.
php_sdk_1.
4.
15.
2003 ms.
iy_2022.
im_06.
id_20.
ih_13.
imh_07.
i_epoch.
1655755676727.
bec-built-in.
bec-built-in_1.
0.
1.
bodystr.
pn_tstr.
Mon Jun 20 13.
07.
56 PST 2022.
pn_epoch.
1655755676727.
0 ms.
be_ixf.
php_sdk.
php_sdk_1.
4.
15.
SearchCareersBlogCustomer Support.
Search.
Careers.
Blog.
Customer Support.
Resume ApplicationAccount LoginFind a Branch.
Resume Application.
Account Login.
Find a Branch.
Personal loanUnexpected ExpensesVacation LoansLoan for debt consolidationLoans for Home ImprovementsWedding Loans.
Unexpected Expenses.
Vacation Loans.
Loan for debt consolidation.
Loans for Home Improvements.
Wedding Loans.
Debt Consolidation Loans.
Car LoansAuto Refinancing LoansFinance Car LoanFinance a Used Car.
Auto Refinancing Loans.
Finance Car Loan.
Finance a Used Car.
Home LoansHome PurchaseHome RefinanceMeet Our Loan Officers*.
Home Purchase.
Home Refinance.
Meet Our Loan Officers*.
ResourcesHow to Apply for a Personal loanPay OnlineFAQBlogMariner StatesLegal.
How to Apply for a Personal loan.
Pay Online.
FAQ.
Blog.
Mariner States.
Legal.
Why Mariner FinanceTestimonialsMariner Finance ReviewsExcellent Customer ServiceEnvironmental, Social Responsibility, and Governance ReportHistoryPartner With UsCommunity OutreachCareersSweepstakes.
Testimonials.
Mariner Finance Reviews.
Excellent Customer Service.
Environmental, Social Responsibility, and Governance Report.
History.
Partner With Us.
Community Outreach.
Careers.
Sweepstakes.
Search.
Careers.
Blog.
Customer Support.
Resume Application.
Account Login.
Find a Branch.
Personal loanUnexpected ExpensesVacation LoansLoan for debt consolidationLoans for Home ImprovementsWedding Loans.
Unexpected Expenses.
Vacation Loans.
Loan for debt consolidation.
Loans for Home Improvements.
Wedding Loans.
Debt Consolidation Loans.
Car LoansAuto Refinancing LoansFinance Car LoanFinance a Used Car.
Auto Refinancing Loans.
Finance Car Loan.
Finance a Used Car.
Home LoansHome PurchaseHome RefinanceMeet Our Loan Officers*.
Home Purchase.
Home Refinance.
Meet Our Loan Officers*.
ResourcesHow to Apply for a Personal loanPay OnlineFAQBlogMariner StatesLegal.
How to Apply for a Personal loan.
Pay Online.
FAQ.
Blog.
Mariner States.
Legal.
Why Mariner FinanceTestimonialsMariner Finance ReviewsExcellent Customer ServiceEnvironmental, Social Responsibility, and Governance ReportHistoryPartner With UsCommunity OutreachCareersSweepstakes.
Testimonials.
Mariner Finance Reviews.
Excellent Customer Service.
Environmental, Social Responsibility, and Governance Report.
History.
Partner With Us.
Community Outreach.
Careers.
Sweepstakes.
Privacy.
Privacy.
Mariner Finance Website Privacy Statement.
Effective.
December 2019.
Last Updated.
July 20, 2020.
Table of Contents.
Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Personal Information.
Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Other Information.
Security.
Changes to Your Information.
Changes to Privacy Statement.
Mariner Finance Contact Information.
Additional Privacy Information for California Residents.
Mariner Finance, LLC, its parent companies and their respective subsidiaries and affiliated companies (collectively, “Mariner”) value the protection of individual privacy.
This Privacy Statement describes what information Mariner collects through its website,  (the “Site”), how it uses the information and with whom it may be shared.
In this Privacy Statement, the terms “you” and “user” mean any visitor to the Site.
By using the Site and/or submitting an online application, you indicate that you have read and agree to be bound by Mariner’s website Terms of Use and this Privacy Statement.
If you do not agree to this Privacy Statement, do not use this Site in any manner.
JUMP TO ADDITIONAL PRIVACY INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS.
COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.
This Site collects personal information about you that is provided through various forms and in various places on the Site, including by entering it via an online form, over the phone, and by any other means through which you interact with our services.
Personal information includes information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, or is capable of being associated with a particular consumer or household and may include information such as your name, address, telephone number, mobile number, email address, and Social Security Number.
You are responsible for ensuring that any personal information you provide is truthful, accurate and up-to-date.
We will collect and store personal information you decide to provide to us for our records, but we are not liable to you if the information you provide is not accurate.
You agree that we may use any of your personal information that you provide to us to communicate with you.
Additionally, if you apply for a loan on the Site, you must truthfully and accurately complete our online application, which includes your provision of personal information.
Accurate, up-to-date information is necessary to view your credit history, process your application, and to contact you.
Mariner takes various precautions to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
For example, all online applications are encrypted to maintain the security of your information.
Once received, your personal information is stored in the United States in accordance with United States law.
As permitted by law, Mariner may disclose all categories of personal information that it has collected to third parties in accordance with our Privacy Notice (located at the bottom of this page), as needed to assist in administering our services and marketing activities, as required by law, as necessary to protect our rights (such as if you fail to repay a loan), as necessary in order to detect, investigate, prevent, or take action against illegal activities, fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the rights, property, or personal safety of any person, as required to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us, and/or as specifically consented to by you.
If Mariner were to merge with or be acquired by another company or if it were to cease operations, your information may be transferred to the surviving or acquiring company.
At that point, any use and sharing of your information will be subject to that company’s privacy policy, which may be different from that of Mariner.
In addition to this Privacy Statement and Mariner’s website Terms of Use, our use of your personal information collected is described in the Privacy Notice.
Third parties may also collect personal information about your online activities through the Site in order to assist Mariner in offering its services and products, marketing, and administration of the same.
Additionally, we may disclose your personal information for a business purpose to a third party with whom we have entered into a contract that describes such a purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF OTHER INFORMATION.
The Site may gather other information about you depending on how your browser is configured.
That information may include the Internet Protocol (IP) address(es) used to access the Site, the number of times you visit the Site, the time and length of the visit, the operating system and browser type used to access the Site, your screen resolution, the particular web pages viewed right before and while visiting the Site, how long you remain on specific pages, your navigation patterns, where you go upon leaving the Site, or similar details.
The Site may use cookies and other tracking technologies (such as clear GIFs, web beacons, log files, and the like) to track unique visitors and pages viewed by users, both to understand how the Site is being used and to improve users’ experiences on the Site.
For example, cookies (small, unique text files that a website can deposit on your computer hard drive when you visit a website) may be used to allow repeat visitors to be served more quickly and efficiently or to provide information on the pages viewed by a given user.
Since cookies reside on a user’s hard drive, they may be deleted by a user after they are deposited by a site.
You may also configure your browser to reject cookies, although if you do, some or all of the features on the Site may not be available to you.
Non-personal information collected as a result of your visit to the Site may be disclosed to third parties, but will not be associated with you personally.
In other words, the Site may disclose that a unique user accessed the Site a particular number of times and spent specific amounts of time on different pages, but we will not disclose the identity of that user (and most likely would have no way of identifying who that user was unless the user voluntarily identified him or herself to us).
Some web browsers have a “Do Not Track” function that allows you to tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked.
The Site does not monitor or respond to “do not track” signals or similar mechanisms.
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
Google Analytics uses Cookies or other tracking technologies to help us analyze how users interact with the Site, compile reports on their activity, and provide other services related to their activity and usage.
The technologies used by Google may collect information such as your IP address, time of visit, whether you are a returning visitor, and any referring website.
The technologies used by Google Analytics do not gather information that personally identifies you.
The information generated by Google Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by Google and will be subject to Google’s privacy policies.
To learn more about Google’s partner services and to learn how to opt-out of tracking of analytics by Google, click here.
The Site also uses a third-party analytics provider, FullStory, to enable us to monitor and improve the user experience.
FullStory uses cookies and similar technologies to collect information, such as IP address, referring URL, device information (e.
g.
, operating system), and information on user behavior (e.
g.
, pages visited, links clicked, information entered, and mouse movements).
For further details, please see FullStory’s privacy policy available here.
To opt out, FullStory provides this link.
SECURITY.
To prevent unauthorized access to your personal data, maintain data accuracy and integrity, and ensure the correct use of information, Mariner follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.
Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
CHANGES TO YOUR INFORMATION.
You may request access to and/or to change your personal information by contacting Mariner’s Customer Relations at the following phone number or postal address.
877-310-2373, option 3, or Mariner Finance, LLC, Attn.
Customer Relations, 8211 Town Center Drive, Nottingham, MD 21236.
If you currently have an account with Mariner, you may log into the Customer Account Center to review and/or edit your profile.
California residents.
Please refer to section 7 below for additional information.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY STATEMENT.
Mariner reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify this Privacy Statement with or without notice.
You will be bound by the modifications if you use the Site after a modification has been made.
You agree that Mariner shall not be liable to you or to any third party in any way as a result of any such modification.
If you do not agree to any changes or terms, you should discontinue your use of the Site.
MARINER FINANCE CONTACT INFORMATION.
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Statement, please contact Customer Relations at 877-310-2373.
ADDITIONAL PRIVACY INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS.
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), California residents have specific rights regarding their personal information, which are detailed below.
This California-specific privacy section incorporates by reference Mariner’s general Privacy Statement and provides a comprehensive description of our online and offline practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information.
Note that the rights set forth under the CCPA do not apply to.
Personal information collected, processed, sold, or disclosed pursuant to the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and implementing regulations, or the California Financial Information Privacy Act.
An activity involving the collection, maintenance, disclosure, sale, communication, or use of any personal information bearing on a consumer’s credit worthiness, credit standing, credit capacity, character, general reputation, personal characteristics, or mode of living by a consumer reporting agency by a furnisher of information who provides information for use in a consumer report and by a user of a consumer report.
and.
Personal information that is collected by us about a natural person in the course of the natural person acting as a job applicant to, an employee of, owner of, director of, officer of, medical staff member of, or contractor of us to the extent that the natural person’s personal information is collected and used by the business solely within the context of the natural person’s role or former role as a job applicant to, an employee of, owner of, director of, officer of, medical staff member of, or a contractor of Mariner.
Categories of Personal Information Collected.
We currently collect and, in the 12 months prior to the Last Updated date of this Privacy Statement, have collected the following categories of Personal Information about California residents.
Category A.
Identifiers – Examples.
Your real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Category B.
Customer Records with Personal Information – Any information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual, including, but not limited to, his or her name, signature, social security number, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Note.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Category C.
Protected classification characteristics under State or federal law.
Examples.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, sex (including gender, gender identity, veteran or military status).
Category D.
Commercial information.
Examples.
Information including, but not limited to, records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Category E.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Examples.
Information including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, information regarding a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Category F.
Professional or employment-related information.
Examples.
Current or past job history and/or performance evaluations.
Category G.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Examples.
Information that can be used to create a profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
We have collected the above categories of personal information from the following sources.
Directly from our customers or their agents.
Indirectly from our customers or their agents.
For example, through information we collect in the course of providing services to our customers.
Directly and indirectly from activity on the Site.
For example, from submissions through our online loan application, Customer Account Center, and/or website usage details collected automatically.
From third parties that interact with us in connection with the services we perform.
We collected the above Personal Information for the following business or commercial purposes.
For auditing purposes related to our customer relationships, including, but not limited to, verifying the quality of ad impressions and auditing our compliance with applicable law.
For detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity.
For debugging activities to identify and repair errors that impair Site functionality.
For short-term use, provided that the personal information is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about a consumer.
For performing services for Mariner or on behalf of a service provider, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of Mariner or a service provider.
For internal research for technological development.
and.
For use in activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of Mariner’s services, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance such services.
Disclosure and Sale of Personal Information.
In the 12 months preceding the Last Updated Date of this Privacy Statement, we disclosed for a business purpose the categories of personal identified above to the following categories of third parties.
Our affiliates.
Our service providers.
and.
Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with products or services we provide to you.
Mariner does not offer any financial incentives for the collection, sale, or deletion of personal information.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold any personal information.
We do not knowingly sell the Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age.
Access to Specific Information.
California residents have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you.
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing.
For sales of personal information, the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased.
andFor disclosures of personal information for a business purpose, the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
For sales of personal information, the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased.
and.
For disclosures of personal information for a business purpose, the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
Please note, however, that we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to.
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal.
Penal Code § 1546 seq.
).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Right to Opt-Out of Sales.
You have the right, at any time, to direct us not to sell your personal information to a third party.
This right may be referred to as the right to opt-out.
Mariner does not currently sell personal information.
However, you may exercise your right to opt out of sales in the event that Mariner subsequently decides to sell personal information that is subject to the CCPA.
If Mariner elects in the future to sell personal information and if we at any time receive direction from you not to sell your personal information,  we will not sell your personal information that is subject to the CCPA, if any, unless you subsequently provide express authorization for such sales.
Exercising Your Rights.
To exercise your access and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either.
Calling us at 877-310-2373, select option 3.
Available Monday through Friday, 8.
30 am EST to 5.
00 pm EST, excluding observed holidays.
Filling out an online request at any time by clicking HERE.
To exercise your right to opt- out of the sale of your personal information to a third party, please call us at 877-310-2373, select option 3 or click the following link.
Do Not Sell my Personal Information.
If you are submitting a request on behalf of a California resident, please submit the request through one of the designated methods discussed above.
Please attach a written authorization signed by the California resident authorizing you to make the request on their behalf.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period.
The verifiable consumer request must.
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format.
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 calendar days of its receipt.
If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account.
If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt.
The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
For data access requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is manifestly unfounded or excessive, for example, because of a repetitive nature.
If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
Accessibility.
We are committed to ensuring this Privacy Policy is accessible to individuals with disabilities.
If you wish to access this Privacy Policy in an alternative format, please contact us as described above.
Please also see our Website Accessibility Statement available here.
Making personal loans sense.
Got questions.
Get answers.
What is the minimum amount I can borrow.
How long does an application take.
Is there a prepayment penalty.
View all Frequently Asked Questions.
Ready to speak to a person—in person.
You have your own unique goals to meet, and it all starts with a 5 minute conversation with one of our team members.
You can reach us directly at 877-310-2373.
Find your nearest branch.
What is a personal loan.
Great question.
It’s a loan that may help you deal with an unexpected expense, see a new part of the world, or simply help you achieve your personal goals.
We have those.
Learn More about Personal Loans.
†We offer personal loans from $1,000 to $25,000, with loans terms from 12 to 60 months.
Minimum and maximum amounts dependent on an applicant’s state of residence and the underwriting of the loan.
Loans between $1,500 and $15,000 may be funded online.
Loans greater than $15,000 or less than $1,500 are funded through our branch network.
Specific interest rates and fees are determined as permitted under applicable state law and depend upon loan amount, term, and the applicant’s ability to meet our credit criteria, including, but not limited to, credit history, income, debt payment obligations, and other factors such as availability of collateral.
Not all rates and loan amounts are available in all states.
Additional fees may apply to some loan offers.
some state required and/or permitted fees may be treated as prepaid finance charges.
Any such charges shall be in addition to the loan amount requested and/or approved and shall be fully disclosed to the applicant on his/her loan agreement.
Not all applicants will qualify for the lowest rates or larger loan amounts, which may require a first lien on a motor vehicle not more than ten years old titled in the applicant’s name with valid insurance.
Our loan by phone and online closing process requires a compatible mobile or computer device on which you can access your email and electronic documents.
Not all loan types are eligible for loan by phone or online loan closing.
To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account.
As a result, under our customer identification program, we must ask for your name, street address, mailing address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you.
We may also ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents.
For any stated annual percentage rate (“APR”), the APR represents the cost of credit as a yearly rate and will be determined based upon an applicant’s credit at the time of application, subject to state law limits.
A range of APR’s may be applicable, subject to state law limits and individual underwriting.
Not all applicants will qualify for a lower rate.
APR’s are generally higher on loans not secured by a vehicle, and the lowest rates typically apply to the most creditworthy borrowers.
All terms and conditions of a loan offer, including the APR, will be disclosed during the application process.
As an example, with an amount financed of $5,000.
00 the borrower receives $5,000.
00 at an APR of 29.
99% and an interest rate of 28.
77% which includes a finance charge of $3,640.
96.
Under these terms, the borrower would make 48 monthly payments of $180.
02, for a total of payments of $8,640.
96.
The amount financed may not be the net proceeds paid if charges other than interest are included in the loan.
*The process uses a “soft” credit inquiry to determine whether a loan offer is available, which does not impact your credit score.
If you continue with the application process online and accept a loan offer, or are referred to a branch and continue your application there, we will pull your credit report and credit score again using a “hard” credit inquiry.
This “hard” credit inquiry may impact your credit score.
Personal loan.
Debt Consolidation Loans.
Car Loans.
Home Loans.
Resources.
Why Mariner Finance.
Mariner Finance  Personal loans near you  Discover more Twitter                                                                                    Mariner Finance  Personal loans near you  Discover more Facebook                                                                                    Mariner Finance  Personal loans near you  Discover more LinkedIn.
Mariner Finance  Personal loans near you  Discover more Twitter.
Mariner Finance  Personal loans near you  Discover more Facebook.
Mariner Finance  Personal loans near you  Discover more LinkedIn.
Community Guidelines.
Privacy Statement.
Terms of Use.
Licensing & Disclosures.
Texting Terms of Use.
Website Accessibility Statement.
California Personal Information Collection Notice.
California Residents – Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
California Residents.
Loans made or arranged pursuant to a California Financing Law license.
VA Residents – Mariner Finance of Virginia, LLC, Licensed by the Virginia State Corporation Commission, Consumer Finance Company License No.
CFI-114.
Mariner Finance, LLC, NMLS No.
166564 ( Town Center Drive, Nottingham, MD 21236.
Telephone Number 877-310-2373.
You are about to leave marinerfinance.
com.
Mariner Finance provides this link for your convenience and is not responsible for and makes no claims or representations regarding the content, terms of use, or privacy policies of third party websites.
stay on marinerfinance.
com.
or.
continue.
