412•499•3877.
Need Help.
Client Login.
INDUSTRIES.
SOLUTIONSOUR SOLUTIONSDISPATCHINBOUNDWORKFLOWFLEETELD.
OUR SOLUTIONS.
DISPATCH.
INBOUND.
WORKFLOW.
FLEET.
ELD.
ABOUTABOUT MAVENPARTNERSPRESS.
ABOUT MAVEN.
PARTNERS.
PRESS.
EVENTS.
BLOG.
CAREERS.
CONTACT.
Mobile Device Privacy Policy Statement.
In this Policy Statement (the “Statement”), we, Maven Machines, Inc.
(hereinafter referred to as “Maven” or “we”), and any other affiliates (hereinafter, collectively the “Maven group of companies”), provide information about how we collect, use, disclose, and transfer personal information from you, an individual person and website visitor (hereinafter, referred to as “you”), through the wearable & mobile devices (the “Mobile Devices,” which are linked to Maven Portal, which is software that is accessed over the internet using a password) to private, non-public websites [“Private Websites”] operated by the Maven group of companies.
SCOPE.
This Statement covers only data collected by Mobile Devices linked to software through the Private Websites and not any other data collection or processing, including, without limitation, data collection practices of Public Websites operated by Maven, webpages to which the Public Websites link, or data that we collect offline or through webpages that do not display a direct link to this Statement.
THE Maven GUARANTEE.
At Maven, we are serious about maintaining the privacy of our drivers and clients, only using personal data to improve the lives of our clients, and never selling personally identifiable data to anyone.
We promise to make every effort to keep client data secure and private.
WHAT WE DO.
At Maven, we integrate devices and systems that improve the safety of drivers.
We use our proprietary software to make apps and services to reduce driver distractions and expose behaviors to drivers and our clients.
This Mobile Device Privacy Policy Statement applies to the Maven App and Maven Portal product lines, and all Maven Server instances.
As Maven expands its product line, service offerings, and service locations, this policy may be modified or changed.
If there are any changes that are deemed significant modifications to this policy, Maven will provide email notifications to users who are impacted.
WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT.
During the normal course of business, Maven collects a variety of personal information to better serve our clients, empower our customers, and inform relevant Maven staff decisions.
The list shown below includes some of the data that Maven may collect, including data that could be collected from Mobile Devices through the Maven App [the “Personal Information”].
This list may expand as new products and features are introduced, but is intended to provide an overview of the types of data we utilize to improve our client and product experience.
User name.
User email.
Driver’s [Company] ID.
Driver’s Phone Number.
Mirror-checks per day.
App engagement frequency and usage.
Fatigue alerts.
GPS activity.
Geofencing.
Time spent wearing headset.
Bluetooth connection.
Critical events including braking, turns, acceleration, and speed.
Mileage.
Driving distance and time.
Fuel monitoring.
License Numbers.
DOT Numbers.
HOW DO WE MAKE USE OF THAT DATA.
Maven makes use of the Personal Information to improve our product experience and serve our users should they need customer support.
Maven also makes use of Personal Information so the driver can view their own data within the Maven App.
Last, Maven uses Personal information in its secure Portal for access to restricted maven fleet clients.
THIRD-PARTY DATA SHARING.
Maven occasionally shares data with contractually engaged partners.
Often, such procedures are for business services where such sharing is necessary for normal business operations.
For example, we may share information with 3rd parties when engaged for app analytics software, etc.
Whenever possible, Maven limits 3rd party data sharing to those activities deemed necessary for business operations or where any shared data is first aggregated and all personal identification is withheld (e.
g.
, total number of miles driven in Pennsylvania, or average safety scores of drivers after midnight.
).
SECURITY.
Transmissions over the Internet are never 100% secure or error-free.
However, we take reasonable steps to protect all Personal Information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
RETENTION PERIOD.
We will retain all Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this statement unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
AMENDMENTS.
This statement is effective as of March 16, 2017, and is currently in effect at this time.
We reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Statement from time to time and in our sole discretion, but to the extent deemed feasible, will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the Statement the date it was last updated.
When you use the Mobile Devices or Maven App, you are accepting the current version of this Statement as posted on the site at that time.
We recommend that users revisit this Statement on occasion to learn of any changes.
CONTACT DETAILS AND COMPLAINTS HANDLING.
Please feel free to contact us with any comments, questions, complaints, or suggestions you might have regarding the information practices described in this statement.
You may send us an e-mail at or write to Maven Machines, Inc.
at 4117 Liberty Ave.
, Pittsburgh, PA 15224.
CONTACT US.
USEFUL LINKS.
NEWSLETTER.
