Digital.
Robots.
Education.
InsightsIndustry 4.
0 Readiness ReportTransformation ToolsIndustry X.
0 PodcastBlogs & WhitepapersIndustry X.
0 Accelerator Program.
Industry 4.
0 Readiness Report.
Transformation Tools.
Industry X.
0 Podcast.
Blogs & Whitepapers.
Industry X.
0 Accelerator Program.
CompanyAbout UsLeadershipLife at MaxbytePartnersResearchContact Us.
About Us.
Leadership.
Life at Maxbyte.
Partners.
Research.
Contact Us.
Privacy Notice.
Home.
Privacy Notice.
Last updated October 20, 2020.
Please read this privacy notice carefully as it will help you understand what we do with the information that we collect.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.
WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE.
WHO WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH.
DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION.
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE.
DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS.
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS.
CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES.
DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS.
DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE.
HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU.
Personal information you disclose to us.
Information automatically collected.
Log and Usage Data.
Log and usage data is service-related, diagnostic, usage and performance information our servers automatically collect when you access or use our Website and which we record in log files.
Depending on how you interact with us, this log data may include your IP address, device information, browser type and settings and information about your activity in the Website (such as the date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages and files viewed, searches and other actions you take such as which features you use), device event information (such as system activity, error reports (sometimes called ‘crash dumps’) and hardware settings).
Device Data.
We collect device data such as information about your computer, phone, tablet or other device you use to access the Website.
Depending on the device used, this device data may include information such as your IP address (or proxy server), device and application identification numbers, location, browser type, hardware model Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, operating system and system configuration information.
Location Data.
We collect location data such as information about your device’s location, which can be either precise or imprecise.
How much information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access the Website.
For example, we may use GPS and other technologies to collect geolocation data that tells us your current location (based on your IP address).
You can opt out of allowing us to collect this information either by refusing access to the information or by disabling your Location setting on your device.
Note however, if you choose to opt out, you may not be able to use certain aspects of the Services.
We use the information we collect or receive.
Fulfill and manage your orders.
We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the Website.
Administer prize draws and competitions.
We may use your information to administer prize draws and competitions when you elect to participate in our competitions.
To deliver and facilitate delivery of services to the user.
We may use your information to provide you with the requested service.
To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users.
We may use your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the use of our Services.
To send you marketing and promotional communications.
We and/or our third-party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences.
For example, when expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our Website, subscribing to marketing or otherwise contacting us, we will collect personal information from you.
You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time (For further details contact [email protected]om).
Deliver targeted advertising to you.
We may use your information to develop and display personalized content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness.
For other business purposes.
We may use your information for other business purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Website, products, marketing and your experience.
We may use and store this information in aggregated and anonymized form so that it is not associated with individual end users and does not include personal information.
We will not use identifiable personal information without your consent.
Consent.
We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests.
We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract.
Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations.
We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests.
We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Business Transfers.
We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers.
We may share your data with third-party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work.
Examples include.
payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts.
We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Website, which will enable them to collect data on our behalf about how you interact with our Website over time.
This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, pages or features, and better understand online activity.
Unless described in this notice, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
We have contracts in place with our data processors, which are designed to help safeguard your personal information.
This means that they cannot do anything with your personal information unless we have instructed them to do it.
They will also not share your personal information with any organization apart from us.
They also commit to protect the data they hold on our behalf and to retain it for the period we instruct.
Advertising, Direct Marketing, and Lead Generation – Google AdSense.
Social Media Sharing and Advertising  – Facebook advertising and LinkedIn advertising.
Web and Mobile Analytics – Google Analytics.
Receiving help through our customer support channels.
Participation in customer surveys or contests.
and.
Facilitation in the delivery of our Services and to respond to your inquiries.
Targeting cookies/Marketing cookies.
Maxbyte Technologies has disclosed the following categories of personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months.
Category B.
Personal information, as defined in the California Customer Records law, such as your name, contact information, education, employment, employment history and financial information.
For further details you can mail us at [email protected].
whether we collect and use your personal information.
the categories of personal information that we collect.
the purposes for which the collected personal information is used.
whether we sell your personal information to third parties.
the categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose.
the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose.
and.
the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.
you may object to the processing of your personal data.
you may request correction of your personal data if it is incorrect or no longer relevant, or ask to restrict the processing of the data.
you can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf.
We may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf in accordance with the CCPA.
you may request to opt-out from future selling of your personal information to third parties.
Upon receiving a request to opt-out, we will act upon the request as soon as feasibly possible, but no later than 15 days from the date of the request submission.
We offer.
Digital.
Robots.
Education.
Insights.
Industry 4.
0 Readiness Report.
Transformation Tools.
Industry X.
0 Podcast.
Blogs & Whitepapers.
Company.
About Us.
Leadership.
Careers.
Partners.
Research.
Contact Us.
Privacy.
Subscribe to our industry X.
0 newsletter.
2022 © All rights reserved by Maxbyte.
Subscribe to our Industry X.
0 Newsletter.
