Main navigation.
AssetCareConnected Assets Unlocking the untapped potential of energy intensive assetsControl SystemsHVAC & Indoor Air QualityWind Turbine Blade InspectionWind Turbine Performance AnalyticsConnected Workers Mobile capabilities for remote assistance in the field3D Digital TwinsAssetCare MobileAssetCare EnterpriseDigitize and streamline your operations.
Connected Assets Unlocking the untapped potential of energy intensive assetsControl SystemsHVAC & Indoor Air QualityWind Turbine Blade InspectionWind Turbine Performance Analytics.
Unlocking the untapped potential of energy intensive assets.
Control Systems.
HVAC & Indoor Air Quality.
Wind Turbine Blade Inspection.
Wind Turbine Performance Analytics.
Connected Workers Mobile capabilities for remote assistance in the field3D Digital TwinsAssetCare Mobile.
Mobile capabilities for remote assistance in the field.
3D Digital Twins.
AssetCare Mobile.
AssetCare EnterpriseDigitize and streamline your operations.
Digitize and streamline your operations.
Technical Services.
ESG.
News & EventsmCloud Connect 2021Webinars.
mCloud Connect 2021.
Webinars.
Blog.
Investors.
About UsLeadership & BoardCareersSafety.
Leadership & Board.
Careers.
Safety.
Contact Us.
Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy.
mCloud values privacy and is committed to being transparent about how information, including personal information, is used on mCloud’s online sites and applications, in providing services, including AssetCare™, and in hosting live or virtual events, such as mCloud Connect.
This Policy explains how mCloud Technologies Corp.
, 580 California Street, 12th Floor, San Francisco, California, 94104 collects, uses, and shares service-related information about visitors to its online sites (“Users”), the individuals, companies and organizations to which mCloud provides services (“Customers”) and attendees of events hosted by mCloud (“Attendees”), and how you may exercise your rights regarding our information processing.
mCloud is the controller of your personal information as described in this privacy policy, unless specified otherwise.
This privacy policy does not apply to the extent we process personal information in the role of a processor or service provider on behalf of our Customers, including where we offer to our Customers various software products and services, such as AssetCare, through which our Customers (or their affiliates) collect, use, share or process personal information via our software products and services.
What Type of Information May be Collected.
mCloud collects personal information and anonymous information, which may be used together to create aggregate information.
Information is collected in a responsible and respectful manner.
Examples of personal information that may be collected from Users, Customers and Attendees include.
Information provided by the User/Customer/Attendee.
Name.
Date of birth.
Email addresses.
Billing and shipping addresses.
Phone, mobile, and fax numbers.
Purchase and customer service history.
Device IDs.
IP address.
Information collected via technology such as cookies and web beacons.
Usage Information, ex.
operating system, browser type, time and duration of access, and page views.
Information in content submitted through interactive features, ex.
the How Can We Help.
Customer AssetCare™ data.
Audio, visual, or voice data of Attendees during our live or virtual events.
Inferences drawn from any of the listed categories of information.
Examples of sensitive categories of personal information may include.
Bank account information.
Credit card details.
Geolocation information.
Username, password, and security question and answer.
Data may be processed on servers located outside of the User’s, Customer’s, or Attendee’s country.
mCloud applies this Policy to personal information without regard to where information is processed.
If a User, Customer, or Attendee provides personal information through the mCloud website, as part of the provision of mCloud’s services, including AssetCare™, or during the registration or attendance of an event hosted by mCloud, the User, Customer, or Attendee agrees that personal information will be transferred to and processed in the United States of America and/or Canada and/or any jurisdiction of mCloud’s sole choosing.
mCloud will ensure information transferred to countries from the European Economic Area or other areas with comprehensive data protection laws is transferred in accordance with this Policy and as permitted by applicable laws.
How Does mCloud Collect Data.
mCloud collects data in several ways, including the following.
Submission by Users, Customers or Attendees.
Technology, including cookies.
Analytics tools.
Video and/or audio recordings during our live or virtual events.
Collection is limited to the amount of information necessary to accomplish the purpose of the data collection.
mCloud strives to ensure that the information it collects is complete and accurate.
How Does mCloud Use Data.
mCloud collects and uses the minimum amount of personal data necessary to communicate with Users, Customers, and Attendees, provide and improve services, events and marketing, and process transactions, in addition to other legitimate business needs, including.
Consumer engagement - your information helps us suggest content and services and communicate with you when you contact us through the website or sign up for mCloud alerts.
Providing a service or product - information is used to ensure our services operate properly and when they do not, provide us with information about how to improve services.
Customers are granted the non-exclusive, non-transferable right to access performance information via the designated web address or mobile device solely for internal business purposes.
Hosting live or virtual events – information is used to process Attendees’ registration and participation in our virtual or live hosted events, such as mCloud Connect.
Speakers as well as participants providing feedback during our events may be recorded and/or captured via live streaming.
Performance Measurement - information helps us understand how our website and services are performing.
Customers grant mCloud the right to store their data to provide Services in the Asset Care Subscription Agreement.
mCloud may use anonymized and aggregated data for overall analytics and improving the usefulness of its services.
Account maintenance - information helps us detect and prevent security risks and technical issues.
Data Processing - mCloud processes personal data on the Customer’s behalf when performing its obligations under the AssetCare™ Subscription Agreement.
Prevent, detect and stop fraudulent activities.
mCloud only uses data and information for its own legitimate business needs.
Therefore, mCloud does not and will not sell its Users’, Customers’, or Attendees’ personal information.
How Does mCloud Store Data.
User, Customer, and Attendee privacy is important to mCloud.
mCloud takes measures to help protect the confidentiality and security of personal information shared with mCloud.
mCloud processes personal data in accordance with this Policy, the terms of any AssetCare™ Subscription Agreement, and any lawful instructions given by the User or Customer.
However, every form of internet use carries the risk information transmission may not be 100% secure.
Therefore, mCloud cannot guarantee the security of data.
mCloud take steps to keep data confidential and requires customers to hold all confidential information in confidence and not make the confidential information available to any-third party or for any purpose other than providing authorized services.
Customers are the data controllers of their data.
The Customer must ensure that it is entitled to transfer the relevant personal data to mCloud and shall ensure that relevant third-parties have been informed of, and have given their consent to, such use, processing, and transfer as required by all applicable data protection law.
mCloud takes reasonable steps to securely destroy or de-identify personal information when it is no longer needed.
In the event mCloud would become aware that it may have experienced a data security incident involving Users’ or Attendees’ personal information, mCloud will promptly investigate the suspected breach and analyze whether Users or Attendees need to be notified of the incident.
mCloud complies with all applicable laws that require notification of data security incidents.
How Does mCloud Share Data.
mCloud only shares personal information with third-parties in limited circumstances, including the following.
Through links to third-party websites.
mCloud’s website may provide links to other third-party websites.
Please review third-parties’ privacy policies if you access their websites because mCloud does not control third-parties’ privacy policies.
With Your Consent.
We may share your information with third-parties if you give us permission to do so.
Consent can be withdrawn at any time.
For Legal Reasons.
mCloud may share user information if necessary to meet any legal obligation or legal request and to protect mCloud, its users, and its property as required or permitted by law.
Through Service Providers.
Other companies may assist mCloud in its online presence, in providing services to Customers, or in hosting live or virtual events.
For example, mCloud uses third-party web analytics services tools to improve how its services perform so that the User or Customer has a better experience.
Additionally, third-parties help mCloud understand how Users find mCloud and personalize advertising so more Users find mCloud.
Other companies may assist with marketing, communications, IT, and processing financial transactions.
mCloud only provides third-parties with information reasonably necessary to provide the service under reasonable confidentiality terms.
The information becomes subject to the third-party’s privacy policies when it is received by the third-party.
As an example, mCloud currently partners with the following third-parties.
Google Content Network - Privacy Policy.
.
Native Ads - Privacy Policy.
&nbsp.
reCAPTCHA - Privacy Policy.
.
This list is not exhaustive and subject to change.
mCloud does not sell personal information to third-parties.
As Part of Business Transactions.
mCloud may share information as part of a business reorganization, restructuring, merger, sale, or asset transfer.
mCloud will require that the receiving party agree to the terms of this Policy.
How Does mCloud Use Cookies.
mCloud may also share information from tools like cookies, log files, and device identifiers, and location data with third-party organizations that facilitate providing service.
Cookies are small text files that are downloaded onto your device when you access certain websites.
Cookies allow a user to more easily navigate websites by remembering settings and other functions used in previous visits to the website.
Cookies are also used to enable certain website functions, authenticate users, prevent fraudulent use of user accounts, provide analytic data, and store user preferences.
Cookies may be our own or with third-parties who assist with this website.
mCloud has social media channels that utilize first and third-party vendor remarketing tracking cookies, such as Google Ads tracking cookie, Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter remarketing cookies.
This means we will show ads to you across the Internet, specifically on the Google Content Network (“GCN”), Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter.
As always, we respect your privacy and are not collecting any identifiable information through the use of Google’s or any other third–party remarketing system.
The first and third-party vendors will place cookies on web browsers to serve ads based on past visits to our website.
This allows us to make major announcements and continue to market our services to those who have shown interest in our service.
Users, Customers, and Attendees may find more information about privacy choices in online advertising, including how to opt-out, through the following self-regulatory programs.
United States of America.
Digital Advertising Alliance  .
Europe.
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance  .
Canada.
Ad Choices.
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada.
Choix de Pub.
I’Alliance de la publicité numérique du Canada.
Additionally, users can set their browsers to block cookies from specific domains, ex.
Google Display Network ads’ preferences at  and many devices have controls that restrict information that can be collected (ex.
location settings).
To learn more about our use of cookies, please see our Cookie Policy.
What Rights Do You Have to Your Information.
We have listed the privacy rights for several jurisdictions below, but we understand you may have additional rights in your jurisdiction.
You may contact us directly at any time about exercising your data protection rights.
We will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Depending on the applicable law, Users, Customers, and Attendees may request access to their personal information or request a correction of their personal information, or request that mCloud delete their personal information or restrict the processing of personal information.
You may further have the right to object to or opt out of our processing of personal information.
Where we process your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you can exercise your right to object at any time to such processing without having to provide any specific reason for such objection.
Lastly, you have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights described herein.
Unreasonable requests, request that could not be verified, or requests not required by law may be rejected.
Users, Customers or Attendees may provide feedback about mCloud’s Privacy Policy, submit questions or concerns or exercise their rights related to personal data by contacting.
mCloudAttn.
Privacy Inquiries580 California Street, 12th FloorSan Francisco, California 94104Email.
.
Notice to Users and Customers Outside of the United States.
mCloud also respects individual rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”).
For personal information pertaining to residents in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, our legal bases for collecting and using your personal information include.
The performance of your contract or to enter into the contract and to take action on your requests.
For example, the processing of your account registration, providing our services, events, and products to you, providing customer service to you.
Our legitimate business interests.
For example, fraud prevention, maintaining the security of our network and services, direct marketing to you, and maintaining, analyzing, and improving our products and services.
Compliance with a mandatory legal obligation.
For example, maintaining administrative records which are subject to mandatory retention periods.
We may also collect your personal information to record your requests to exercise your rights and to verify your identity for such requests.
Consent you provide where we do not rely on another legal basis.
Consent may be withdrawn at any time.
Any data that you provide to us may be accessed, shared or processed by our offices, located in the United States, and service providers located in the United States, if such data transfer is necessary for the specific purpose for which you submitted your data (such as the provision of goods or services under a written contract).
This may entail a transfer of your personal information across international borders.
The data protections standards may differ and be lower than the standards enforced in your jurisdiction.
We maintain appropriate safeguards as required by applicable law for any personal information transferred internationally, including, where applicable, standard contractual clauses.
For a copy of these clauses, please contact us as set forth in the “Contact Us” section below.
If you have any issues with our compliance, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent supervisory authority.
We would, however, appreciate the opportunity to first address your concerns and would welcome you directing an inquiry first to us per the “Contact Us” section below.
Notice to California Residents.
Under California law, California residents may request a list of categories of personal information that has been disclosed to third-parties for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year and the third-parties that were provided this information.
Individuals may also request that their personal information be deleted.
Users, Customers, and Attendees may make such a request or direct any question to.
mCloudAttn.
Privacy Inquiries580 California Street, 12th FloorSan Francisco, California 94104Email.
.
Direct marketing includes marketing directly to individuals by mail, phone, or e-mail for personal purposes.
mCloud does not sell any personal information to third-parties for their own direct marketing purposes, but we recognize that some state privacy laws define “personal information” in such a way that some sharing of personal information necessary to provide you with personalized ads may be considered a “sale,” even if no money is exchanged.
How are Do Not Track Requests Handled.
Various browsers offer users an option known as a Do Not Track header that allows users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites.
Each browser handles DNT trackers differently.
mCloud currently does not respond to Do Not Track requests because no DNT standard has been adopted and we cannot promise we will be able to receive or honor browser DNT signals.
Children’s Personal Information.
mCloud’s online presence and services are not directed to children under the age of 16.
mCloud does not knowingly request or collect personal data from any individual under 16 years of age.
If an individual suspects a child under the age of 16 has submitted personal information to mCloud, please contact mCloud as follows.
mCloudAttn.
Privacy Inquiries580 California Street, 12th FloorSan Francisco, California 94104Email.
.
How Will Changes to the Policy Be Made.
Any changes to this Policy will be incorporated into a new version of this Policy which will be posted on mCloud’s website.
We may apply any changes to information previously collected to the extent permitted by law.
Effective Date.
This Policy is effective August 31, 2021.
Contact Us.
If you wish to contact us or have any questions or complaints in relation to this privacy policy, please contact us at the following contact details.
mCloudAttn.
Privacy Inquiries580 California Street, 12th FloorSan Francisco, California 94104Email.
.
Legal.
Cookies Policy.
Privacy Policy.
Terms of Service.
ADDRESSSuite 550, 510 Burrard StreetVancouver, BC V6C 3A8View Map.
PHONE.
1.
866.
420.
1781.
Footer.
What We DoAssetCare™Process Industries HVAC & Indoor Air Quality.
AssetCare™.
Process Industries.
HVAC & Indoor Air Quality.
CompanyNews & EventsBlogInvestorsAbout UsContact Us.
News & Events.
Blog.
Investors.
About Us.
Contact Us.
SocialFacebookLinkedInTwitter.
Facebook.
LinkedIn.
Twitter.
© 2022 mCloud Technologies Corp.
All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy          Cookies Policy          Terms of Service.
Stay up to date on all our news.
Stay up to date on all our news.
YOU ARE USING AN UNSAFE BROWSER.
It appears you are using Internet Explorer.
It no longer receives updates necessary to keep you safe online or view content properly.
Viewing the mCloud website requires a modern web browser.
Please try a different browser such as Google Chrome, Safari or FireFox.
Thank You.
AssetCareConnected AssetsControl SystemsHVAC & Indoor Air QualityWind Turbine Blade InspectionWind Turbine Performance AnalyticsConnected Workers3D Digital TwinsAssetCare MobileAssetCare Enterprise.
Connected AssetsControl SystemsHVAC & Indoor Air QualityWind Turbine Blade InspectionWind Turbine Performance Analytics.
Control Systems.
HVAC & Indoor Air Quality.
Wind Turbine Blade Inspection.
Wind Turbine Performance Analytics.
Connected Workers3D Digital TwinsAssetCare Mobile.
3D Digital Twins.
AssetCare Mobile.
AssetCare Enterprise.
Technical Services.
ESG.
News & EventsmCloud Connect 2021Webinars.
mCloud Connect 2021.
Webinars.
Blog.
Investors.
About UsLeadership & BoardCareersSafety.
Leadership & Board.
Careers.
Safety.
Contact Us.
