Privacy Policy.
USER PRIVACY STATEMENT.
Effective Date.
July 1, 2017.
The mesur.
io platform (the “Platform”) includes (i) the mesur.
io dashboard that receives data and information from sensors configured to transmit data and information to the dashboard (the “Dashboard”) and (ii) one or more platform sensors (“Platform Sensors”) configured to transmit to the Dashboard data and information collected by the Platform Sensors (“Sensor Data”) and (iii) a mobile application downloadable to a mobile device that enables a user to access the Dashboard from such mobile device (“Mobile Application”).
The Dashboard is offered as a software service such that a user may remotely access the Dashboard via the internet in order to view Sensor Data.
If you reside in the United States, the Platform are provided by Mesur.
io, Inc.
(“mesur.
io”), and this Privacy Statement applies to information collected and used by mesur.
io whether you are in the Unites States or outside of the United States.
1.
Scope and Application.
This Privacy Statement (“Statement") applies to persons anywhere in the world who use the Platform (“Users”).
2.
Collection of Information.
a.
Information You Provide to Us.
We collect information you provide directly to us, such as when you create or modify your account, contact customer support, or otherwise communicate with us.
This information may include.
name, email, phone number, employer, postal address, payment method and other information you choose to provide.
b.
Information We Collect Through Your Use of Our Platform.
When you use the Platform, we collect information in the following general categories.
Sensor Data.
The Platform collects Sensor Data.
Location Information.
We collect precise location data about the Platform Sensors.
If a Platform Sensor is a mobile device, we collect precise location data about the mobile device.
Usage and Preference Information.
We collect information about how you and site visitors interact with our Platform, preferences expressed, and settings chosen.
In some cases, we do this through the use of cookies, pixel tags, and similar technologies that create and maintain unique identifiers.
Device Information.
If the Platform Sensor is a mobile device, we may collect information about the mobile device, including, for example, the hardware model, operating system and version, software and file names and versions, preferred language, unique device identifier, advertising identifiers, serial number, device motion information, and mobile network information.
Log Information.
When you interact with the Dashboard, we collect server logs, which may include information like device IP address, access dates and times, features or pages viewed, crashes and other system activity, type of browser, and the third-party site or service you were using before interacting with our Platform.
c.
Important Information About Platform Permissions.
Most mobile platforms (iOS, Android, etc.
) have defined certain types of device data that mobile applications cannot access without your consent.
And these platforms have different permission systems for obtaining your consent.
The iOS platform will alert you the first time the Mobile Application wants permission to access certain types of data and will let you consent (or not consent) to that request.
Android devices will notify you of the permissions that the Mobile Application seeks before you first use the Mobile Application, and your use of the Mobile Application constitutes your consent.
3.
Use of Information.
We may use Sensor Data any way we chose.
Any other information collected by the Platform we may use to.
a.
Provide, maintain, and improve our Platform, including, for example, to provide products and services you request (and send related information), develop new features, and provide customer support.
b.
Perform internal operations, including, for example, to prevent fraud and abuse of our Platform.
to troubleshoot software bugs and operational problems.
to conduct data analysis, testing, and research.
and to monitor and analyze usage and activity trends.
c.
Send you communications we think will be of interest to you, including information about products, services, promotions, news, and events of mesur.
io and other companies, where permissible and according to local applicable laws.
4.
Sharing of Information.
We may share Sensor Data any way we chose.
We may share the other information we collect about you as described in this Statement or as described at the time of collection or sharing, including as follows.
With third parties to provide you a service you requested through a partnership or promotional offering made by a third party or us.
With third parties with whom you choose to let us share information, for example other Sensor providers or websites that integrate with our Platform, or those with an API or Service with which we integrate.
With mesur.
io subsidiaries and affiliated entities that provide services or conduct data processing on our behalf, or for data centralization and / or logistics purposes.
With vendors, consultants, marketing partners, and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf.
In response to a request for information by a competent authority if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or is otherwise required by, any applicable law, regulation, or legal process.
With law enforcement officials, government authorities, or other third parties if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our User agreements, Terms of Service, or policies, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of mesur.
io or others.
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, consolidation or restructuring, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by or into another company.
If we otherwise notify you and you consent to the sharing.
and.
In an aggregated and/or anonymized form which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
5.
Your Ability to Change Your Settings.
a.
Account Information.
You may correct your account information at any time by logging into your online or in-app account.
b.
Access Rights.
mesur.
io will comply with individual’s requests regarding access, correction, and/or deletion of the personal data it stores in accordance with applicable law.
c.
Promotional Communications.
You may opt out of receiving promotional messages from us by following the instructions in those messages.
If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account, about Platform you have requested, or our ongoing business relations.
d.
Your California Privacy Rights.
California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes.
mesur.
io does not share your personally identifiable information with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes unless you provide us with consent to do so.
6.
Changes to the Statement.
We may change this Statement from time to time.
If we make significant changes in the way we treat your personal information, or to the Statement, we will provide you notice through the Platform or by some other means, such as email.
Your continued use of the Platform after such notice constitutes your consent to the changes.
We encourage you to periodically review the Statement for the latest information on our privacy practices.
