Page top.
Global.
Global Navigation.
Home.
Products.
Technical Support.
Global Network.
About Us.
Home>.
Privacy Policy.
Local Navigation.
Sitemap.
Terms of Use.
Privacy Policy.
RSS Feed from OMRON IA.
Primary Contents.
Privacy Policy.
[DISCLAIMER.
This translation may be used only for reference purposes.
This English version is not an official translation of the original Japanese document.
In cases where any differences occur between the English version and the original Japanese version, the Japanese version shall prevail.
].
OMRON Corporation Industrial Automation Company (hereinafter referred to as the Company) strictly observes all applicable laws and ordinances related to personal information, but further pledges to manage and use personal information supplied by an individual to the Company or collected online on this Web Site in an appropriate manner (hereinafter referred to as “Personal Information”), in conformance with our Privacy Policy stipulated below.
Basic Policy on Personal Information Management.
The company will comply with the Basic Policy on Personal Information Management of OMRON Corporation (hereinafter referred to as “OMRON”) stipulated below.
OMRON will collect, obtain, use and provide Personal Information in an appropriate manner.
OMRON will do its utmost to ensure that personal data is accurate and up-to-date.
OMRON will take necessary and appropriate measures to manage personal data including protecting personal data against unauthorized access, loss, leak and damage.
OMRON will comply with laws, regulations and related guidelines as well as internal rules on Personal Information.
When contracting the handling of personal data to a third party, OMRON will only entrust to a contractor who meets the requirements based on OMRON's internal rules.
OMRON will manage such contractors in an appropriate manner.
OMRON will continue to try improving protection of Personal Information.
Top of page.
Name, Address and Representative of Business Operator Handling Personal Information.
OMRON Corporation.
* For the business operator's address and the name of the representative, please see the Basic Corporate Information page (.
Top of page.
Purpose of Use of Personal Information.
Personal Information obtained from customers will be used for the following purposes.
Providing, distributing, delivering and installing Products, etc.
User/member registration for Products, etc.
Servicing and maintenance for Products, etc.
, such as after-sales service during the quality guarantee period as well as repair of Products, etc.
Issuing notices of recall and/or defects of Products, etc.
, and handling responses to them.
Issuing notices regarding business transactions and business talks and performing contracts and other agreements.
Collecting payments and issuing refunds.
Email magazines, direct mail, notices and advertisements.
Brochures, digital media, other materials and samples of Products, etc.
Campaigns, exhibitions, seminars and other events (including a drawing to select winners and sending giveaways, rewards, etc.
).
Version updating services.
Top of page.
Joint Use.
The company may share and make joint use of Personal Information as shown below.
1.
Scope of joint users.
Subsidiaries of OMRON, the Company's distributor and other business partners.
2.
Purposes of use.
The company shares and makes joint use of Personal Information within the purposes described in “Purpose of Use of Personal Information” above.
3.
Items of Personal Information subject to joint use.
Company Name, Company Address, Business Office, Division Name, Position, Occupation, Name, Age, Telephone No.
, Fax No.
, E-mail Address, Image of an individual, the Results of use for the purposes described in “Purpose of Use of Personal Information” and the Usage of this Web Site, etc.
4.
Name, address, representative, etc.
, of the company responsible for managing personal data.
OMRON is responsible for managing personal data to be jointly used.
For the address and representative of OMRON, please see “Name, Address and Representative of Business Operator Handling Personal Information” above.
Top of page.
Providing Personal Information to Third Parties.
The company will not disclose or provide personal data to third parties without prior consent of the customers in question, except in the following cases.
However, even in the case of 5, 6 and 7 below, except in cases where procedures are permissible in laws and regulations, the company will not disclose or provide personal data to any third party in foreign countries without prior consent of the customers in question.
When required by laws and regulations.
When necessary to protect the life, well-being or property of the customers in question, and when it is difficult to obtain their consent.
When necessary, particularly for improving public health or promoting healthy growth of children, and when it is difficult to obtain the consent of the customers in question.
When necessary to provide cooperation to national agencies, municipalities or entities which are entrusted by such governmental organizations in the performance of their tasks as required by laws and regulations, and when obtaining consent from the customers in question can hinder the proper execution of such tasks.
When contracting out a part of or the entire operations to a contractor in the interest of facilitating smooth operations.
In this case, the company will conclude an agreement with the contractor on the handling and protecting of Personal Information and manage such information in an appropriate manner.
When Personal Information is jointly used as described in “Joint Use” above.
When a business is transferred or taken over.
Top of page.
Management Measures to Keep Personal Data Safe.
The company will take necessary and appropriate measures to manage personal data by strictly protecting it against leakage, loss and damage.
Regarding the disposal of personal data, the company will specify the period for keeping personal data depending on the purpose of use, and will discard it according to an appropriate method once the purpose of use has been fulfilled.
the company will also conduct necessary and appropriate oversight in order to supervise employees and personnel of contractors (including secondary contractors) who handle personal data.
Top of page.
Procedures Concerning Requests for Disclosure, etc.
OMRON will promptly respond to requests, within a reasonable scope, for disclosure of stored personal data, revision, addition or deletion of the contents, suspension of use or deletion of such data (hereinafter referred to as “Request for Disclosure, etc.
”).
The procedures for such requests are as follows.
When submitting a Request for Disclosure, etc.
, please download the request form below and fill out all of the designated sections of the request form, and submit the request form with ID documents described below to the destination described in the request form.
The company will reply according to the method described on the request form.
The Company is unable to respond to a Request for Disclosure, etc.
when laws and regulations present the grounds or when there are flaws in the information presented in the request form or ID documents.
Request form.
Request for Disclosure of Stored Personal Data (download).
Request form.
Request for Correction, etc.
, of Stored Personal Data (download).
Request form.
Request for Suspension of Utilization, etc.
, of Stored Personal Data (download).
Request form.
Request for Notification of Intended Utilization Purpose (download).
[When a request is made by the customer in question].
One of the following documents.
Copy of driver's license.
Copy of passport.
Copy of health insurance card.
Copy of alien registration card.
Copy of residence card (when a request form is sent by post).
[When a request is made by a legal representative on behalf of a minor].
Either one of the following documents.
Copy of transcript of family register of the Person in Question.
Copy of extract of family register.
[When a request is made by a legal representative on behalf of an adult ward].
Either one of the following documents.
Copy of certificate of registered matters.
Copy of certificate of commencement of guardianship.
[When a request is made by an agent with power of attorney].
Both of the following documents.
Copy of power of attorney (affixed with a registered seal).
Copy of seal registration certificate for the seal affixed on power of attorney (seal of the Person in Question).
[When a request is made by an attorney, judicial scrivener, administrative scrivener, or other person in business qualified to serve as an agent after receiving power of attorney].
Documents verifying the agent's qualification (Registration number, seal registration certificate for an official seal).
Contact for Inquiries, Requests for Disclosure Such as for Scope of Joint Users, and Submitting Claims/Complaints.
For further inquiries or grievances regarding handling of personal information, Please sent by post to the following destination.
OMRON Corporation Industrial Automation Company			Human Resource Strategy Div.
Shiokoji Horikawa, Shimogyo-Ku, Kyoto, 600-8530 JAPAN.
Top of page.
About Use of Cookies.
to provide customers with needed services.
to process statistical information.
to provide service, advertisement, materials and samples, etc.
based on information such as customer's website browsing history and purchase history.
If cookies are not accepted, some services may be partially or completely unavailable.
OMRON Corporation Industrial Automation CompanyEstablished March 31, 2005Update July 23, 2008Update February 9, 2015Update January 5, 2017Update September 19, 2017Update June 1, 2020Update June 15, 2020Updated April 1, 2022.
Related Contents.
Top of page.
Site Information.
OMRON Corporation.
Sitemap.
Terms of Use.
Privacy Policy.
