ProductsProductsMemory1α DRAM Technology DRAM DRAM Modules Ultra-Bandwidth Solutions Managed NAND Multichip Packages NAND Flash NOR Flash StorageMemory Cards SSDs Advanced SolutionsAdvanced Computing Solutions Authenta Security Solution Heterogeneous-Memory Storage Engine Part Catalogs                        DRAM                                            DRAM Modules                                            Graphics Memory                                            Managed NAND                                            NAND Flash                                            NOR Flash                                            Multichip Packages                                            Storage                                            Product Lifecycle Solutions                                            Archive                    Choose a catalogDRAMDDR5 SDRAMDDR4 SDRAMDDR3 SDRAMDDR2 SDRAMDDR SDRAMSDRAMRLDRAM MemoryLPDRAMDRAM ModulesLRDIMMMini-DIMMNVDIMMRDIMMSODIMMSORDIMMUDIMMVLP Mini-DIMMVLP RDIMMVLP UDIMMGraphics MemoryGDDR6XGDDR6GDDR5Managed NANDe-MMCEmbedded USBUniversal Flash StorageNAND Flash3D NANDTLC NANDMLC NANDSLC NANDNOR FlashParallel NOR FlashSerial NOR FlashTwin-Quad NOR FlashXccela FlashMultichip Packagese.
MMC-Based MCPNAND-Based MCPUFS-Based MCPStorageSATA SSDsNVMe SSDsIndustrial microSD CardsProduct Lifecycle SolutionsProduct Longevity Program (PLP)ArchiveObsolete Part Catalogs  Technology Leadership        Learn about Micron’s vision for pervasive data-driven experiences    Learn more.
Memory.
1α DRAM Technology.
DRAM.
DRAM Modules.
Ultra-Bandwidth Solutions.
Managed NAND.
Multichip Packages.
NAND Flash.
NOR Flash.
Storage.
Memory Cards.
SSDs.
Advanced Solutions.
Advanced Computing Solutions.
Authenta Security Solution.
Heterogeneous-Memory Storage Engine.
Part Catalogs.
Choose a catalog.
DRAM.
DDR5 SDRAM.
DDR4 SDRAM.
DDR3 SDRAM.
DDR2 SDRAM.
DDR SDRAM.
SDRAM.
RLDRAM Memory.
LPDRAM.
DRAM Modules.
LRDIMM.
Mini-DIMM.
NVDIMM.
RDIMM.
SODIMM.
SORDIMM.
UDIMM.
VLP Mini-DIMM.
VLP RDIMM.
VLP UDIMM.
Graphics Memory.
GDDR6X.
GDDR6.
GDDR5.
Managed NAND.
e-MMC.
Embedded USB.
Universal Flash Storage.
NAND Flash.
3D NAND.
TLC NAND.
MLC NAND.
SLC NAND.
NOR Flash.
Parallel NOR Flash.
Serial NOR Flash.
Twin-Quad NOR Flash.
Xccela Flash.
Multichip Packages.
e.
MMC-Based MCP.
NAND-Based MCP.
UFS-Based MCP.
Storage.
SATA SSDs.
NVMe SSDs.
Industrial microSD Cards.
Product Lifecycle Solutions.
Product Longevity Program (PLP).
Archive.
Obsolete Part Catalogs.
Technology Leadership.
Learn about Micron’s vision for pervasive data-driven experiences.
SolutionsSolutionsApplications5G AI and Analytics Automotive Client Consumer Industrial IoT Mobile Servers and Data Center Accelerated SolutionsOverview Red Hat Ceph Storage Lightbits Labs™ LightOS® WekaIO™ Hadoop and Big Data Microsoft Azure Stack HCI VMware vSAN Ready Node Ecosystem CollaborationOverview Channel Partners Chipset and Logic Partners Design IP Partners Verification IP Partners IQ Partners  Ecosystem Partner ProgramsLearn more.
Applications.
5G.
AI and Analytics.
Automotive.
Client.
Consumer.
Industrial IoT.
Mobile.
Servers and Data Center.
Accelerated Solutions.
Overview.
Red Hat Ceph Storage.
Lightbits Labs™ LightOS®.
WekaIO™.
Hadoop and Big Data.
Microsoft Azure Stack HCI.
VMware vSAN Ready Node.
Ecosystem Collaboration.
Overview.
Channel Partners.
Chipset and Logic Partners.
Design IP Partners.
Verification IP Partners.
IQ Partners.
Ecosystem Partner Programs.
SupportSupportSalesSales Network Request a Sample Sales Support Authorized Sales Resources TechnicalDocumentation FAQs Software and Drivers Tools and Utilities ContactContact Sales Contact Support General Inquiries  Tools and Utilities        Check out our suite of resources to help you in your designs.
Learn more.
Sales.
Sales Network.
Request a Sample.
Sales Support.
Authorized Sales Resources.
Technical.
Documentation.
FAQs.
Software and Drivers.
Tools and Utilities.
Contact.
Contact Sales.
Contact Support.
General Inquiries.
Tools and Utilities.
Check out our suite of resources to help you in your designs.
InsightInsightTopicsNew Consumer Experiences Intelligence at the Edge Science and Medicine Speed of Data Insights Micron BlogCommunities Company Events Executive Insight Corner Innovations Memory Storage Accelerate your Intelligence at Micron InsightExplore Insight.
Topics.
New Consumer Experiences.
Intelligence at the Edge.
Science and Medicine.
Speed of Data Insights.
Micron Blog.
Communities.
Company.
Events.
Executive Insight Corner.
Innovations.
Memory.
Storage.
Accelerate your Intelligence at Micron Insight.
AboutAboutValuesOur Commitment Business Continuity Compliance and Ethics Corporate Governance Customer Trust Center Diversity, Equality and Inclusion Environment, Health, and Safety Micron Gives Quality Supply Chain Sustainability CompanyOverview Careers Leadership Global Affairs & Public Policy Innovation Investors Locations Suppliers Ventures MediaBlog Events Newsroom          Find out what it's like to be a part of this amazing team.
Explore careers.
Values.
Our Commitment.
Business Continuity.
Compliance and Ethics.
Corporate Governance.
Customer Trust Center.
Diversity, Equality and Inclusion.
Environment, Health, and Safety.
Micron Gives.
Quality.
Supply Chain.
Sustainability.
Company.
Overview.
Careers.
Leadership.
Global Affairs & Public Policy.
Innovation.
Investors.
Locations.
Suppliers.
Ventures.
Media.
Blog.
Events.
Newsroom.
Find out what it's like to be a part of this amazing team.
USA - English US - EnglishChina - 简体中文India - EnglishJapan - 日本語Malaysia - EnglishSingapore - EnglishTaiwan – 繁體中文.
US - English.
China - 简体中文.
India - English.
Japan - 日本語.
Malaysia - English.
Singapore - English.
Taiwan – 繁體中文.
LoginLoginRemember MeForgot password.
Privacy PolicyRegisterGet maximum visibility to data sheets, technical documentation, and the latest product and technology developments by registering for a micron.
com account.
Register.
Login.
Register.
Get maximum visibility to data sheets, technical documentation, and the latest product and technology developments by registering for a micron.
com account.
SearchSearch.
Privacy.
Micron Privacy Notice.
Please find translated versions of this Notice below.
French/ Français | German/ Deutsch | Italian/ Italiano  | Japanese/ 日本語 | Korean / 코리언| Malay/Bahasa Malaysia | Simplified Chinese/ 简化中文 | Traditional Chinese/ 傳統漢語.
Micron Technology, Inc.
and its group companies (collectively “Micron”, “we”, “us” or “our”) are committed to conducting business with uncompromising integrity and professionalism, and this includes respecting your privacy and protecting your personal information.
We encourage you to contact us (see “How to Contact Us” below) if you have any questions or concerns.
Last Modified.
September 15, 2021.
1.
SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY NOTICE.
This Notice applies to individuals, anywhere in the world, who interact with Micron’s websites or applications, visit our facilities or use our services.
This Notice covers Micron’s global privacy and information practices and applies to our websites, applications, physical facilities and related services.
Please remember that our Terms of Use may also govern your use of our products or services.
Micron may process the Personal Information of customers, partners, vendors, visitors, or other individuals who are engaged in business with or seeking to engage in business with Micron (“Individuals”).
This Notice applies to these Individuals regardless of their geographic location during their interactions with Micron.
Our Applicant Privacy Notice and Employment Privacy Notice govern how we process your Personal Information as part of a recruiting or employment relationship.
2.
YOUR RIGHTS AND PREFERENCES.
Micron allows you to exercise your privacy rights and manage how we use your information.
Privacy and data protection laws in different countries and regions around the world give individuals certain rights in relation to their Personal Information.
We conduct our privacy practices according to this Micron Privacy Notice and the relevant laws of the countries or regions in which we interact with you.
Micron encourages you to Contact Us or use the self-help tools we make available to you on our websites to learn more about your privacy rights and how we collect and use your Personal Information.
3.
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT.
We collect information that relates to you and your interactions with Micron.
When used in this Notice, “Personal Information” means any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with an individual (“data subject”), and includes “personal data” as defined in Article 4(1) of the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) and other applicable data protection laws.
Data that cannot be associated with you, such as aggregated, de-identified or anonymized information (“Anonymous Information”), is not Personal Information.
A.
Personal Information You Provide.
When you interact with us, we may collect information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, gender, birthdate, government identification number, shipping/billing address, email address, phone number, device IDs, username and password.
Providing us with some Personal Information may be required in order for you to interact with us.
You may be invited to provide additional Personal Information to personalize your interactions with us.
B.
Personal Information from Third Parties.
If you interact with Micron through a third party or purchase our products from them, we may receive Personal Information about you from that third party.
We may use third party services to supplement, validate or increase the accuracy of Personal Information we hold about you.
For example, we use third parties to validate your mailing address so that we can deliver our products to you more efficiently.
The Personal Information that you share with third parties is not controlled by Micron or covered by our privacy notices.
We encourage you to review third party policies and privacy settings so that you understand how the Personal Information you share with third parties may be used or shared with others.
C.
Automatically Collected Information.
We may automatically collect some usage information when you interact with us.
For instance, we use cookies and other tracking technologies in accordance with our Cookie Policy to automatically collect technical information, such as URL, cookie data, IP address, device type, unique device IDs, device attributes, network connection type (e.
g.
WiFi, 3G, LTE, Bluetooth) and provider, network and device performance, browser type, language, operating system, and products and services information.
D.
Derived Information.
Micron may use information we have about you to draw inferences and we may then use those inferences to gain a more complete understanding of your preferences.
We use preference data in order to offer you potential choices, make recommendations, or to alert you to products or services that may be of interest to you.
E.
Children’s Information.
If you are under 16, do not supply any Personal Information to Micron.
If you wish to purchase a Micron product, use our services, or participate in our educational or charitable opportunities, please ask your parent or guardian to handle these transactions for you.
Click here for details related to the Micron Foundation’s collection and use of Personal Information in connection with webpages and educational programs offered by the Micron Foundation (a 501(c)(3) Idaho non-profit corporation).
4.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.
We use your Personal Information to develop and provide our products and services to you, to personalize, improve and promote our interactions with you, to manage our business and to ensure compliance with applicable laws.
Unless we specifically disclose otherwise, you understand that we may use any of your collected Personal Information for any of the purposes described in this Notice (as permitted by applicable law), including.
A.
For Account Registration and Servicing.
We may use your Personal Information to create, maintain, supplement, service, change or delete your account with us.
If you have a customer account with us, we may collect certain Personal Information for security purposes in order to verify your authorized access to your accounts with us.
We may use your Personal Information to resolve customer service questions you may have about our products and services and to follow up with you about your experience.
B.
To Communicate with You.
We may use your Personal Information to communicate with you about our products and services and to share offers for third party products and services that we think you may find useful.
C.
To Improve and Develop New Products and Services.
We may use your Personal Information to personalize your interactions and experiences with us.
We may use your Personal Information to improve the quality of and to develop new products and services.
We may use any information you give to us in surveys or other forms of feedback.
We may combine your information with that from other customers in order to better understand our products and services and how we may improve them.
D.
To Provide Our Products and Services and Operate Our Business.
We may use your information to operate our business, including fulfilling your requests, providing you with technical or customer support, and complying with legal requirements.
We may use your information to help us protect our products, services, workforce, and customers, including to combat fraud and protect your information.
In some jurisdictions, we use demographic data such as ethnicity for diversity and inclusion programs.
We may conduct research using your information alone or in combination with that of other customers.
We use Personal Information to create aggregated or de-identified data, which we may use and disclose for any purpose.
5.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION.
We will only share your information as we have described in this Privacy Notice.
A.
Third Party Service Providers.
We may share your information, including Personal Information, with third party service providers who we contract with to help us provide our products and services and operate our business, including fulfilling your requests, providing you with technical or customer support, protecting our products and services, combatting fraud, protecting your information, verifying compliance with Micron policies and applicable laws, preparing and delivering advertising and marketing content, providing content services, personalizing ads, studying the effectiveness of our ad campaigns, and understanding and measuring interactions with our online properties.
B.
Information Sharing Between Micron Entities.
This Notice applies to all of your interactions with Micron regardless of geography.
Except where prohibited by law, regulation, or a contractual obligation, we share your information across Micron (including among our affiliates and subsidiaries) for the purposes described in this Notice.
When we share information between Micron entities, we do so in the context of technical and organizational safeguards, including contractual measures in place between those entities, which for relevant transfers include the European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses.
You can contact us for more details about those Clauses.
C.
Following the Law and Protecting Micron.
We may share your information with courts, law enforcement or regulatory agencies, or other government bodies when we have a good faith belief we are required or permitted to do so by applicable law, regulation, or legal process.
We may also disclose your information if we believe it is appropriate to enforce our Terms of Use or other contracts, to protect the rights, property or safety of Micron and our products, services, or workforce, or to protect or assist others.
D.
Credit Reporting.
We may share information about your creditworthiness with credit bureaus, consumer reporting agencies, and card associations.
Late payments, missed payments, or other defaults on your account may be reflected in your credit report and consumer report.
We may also share your information with other companies, lawyers, credit bureaus, agents, government agencies, and card associations in connection with issues related to fraud, credit, or debt collection.
E.
Sale of Our Business.
If we sell, merge, or transfer any part of our business, information about you may be shared, sold or transferred as part of that transaction.
We may also share your Personal Information with current or future corporate parents, subsidiaries or affiliates.
F.
De-identified or Aggregated Data.
We may de-identify or aggregate your information, alone or in combination with other individuals’ information, and share such de-identified or aggregated information freely.
G.
With your Consent.
Other than as set out above, we may also share your information for other purposes with your consent or at your direction.
6.
DATA TRANSFERS AND PRIVACY SHIELD.
We may transfer, process or store your Personal Information in countries or regions other than those in which you are located.
Where permitted by applicable law, we may transfer, process or store your Personal Information in any country or region where we have facilities, business operations, or engage service providers, or where the other recipients of Personal Information described in this Notice are located.
By using our site or otherwise interacting with us, you acknowledge the transfer of your Personal Information to, and the processing and storage of your Personal Information in, countries outside of your country of residence or the point of collection.
Micron complies as a self-certifying entity with the EU-U.
S.
and Swiss-U.
S.
Privacy Shield Frameworks, as described in our Privacy Shield Policy where you can find additional information regarding how Micron complies with the Privacy Shield Frameworks.
However, Micron no longer relies on those Frameworks for its own transfers of Personal Information from the European Union (“EU”), the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom (“UK”), or Switzerland (“CH”) to the United States.
Instead, Micron relies on legal mechanisms such as the European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses or your consent (in limited circumstances) for such transfers and for other transfers to jurisdictions that have not been recognized as having laws that provide adequate protection.
For a copy of the Clauses, you may contact us as described below.
Please Contact Us or use the self-help tools we make available to you on our websites to learn more about your rights with respect to data transfers and to request access to, limit the use of, or limit the disclosure of, your Personal Information.
If you make a request that involves Personal Information, you will need to provide certain authentication and verification information in order for us to respond to your request.
7.
CONNECTING WITH THIRD PARTIES.
Micron may work with third parties to enhance your experience.
In your interactions with us, it may be necessary for us to sync, link or connect your information with third parties, including providing Personal Information necessary to identify or authenticate your requested interactions.
In some cases, your consent for these interactions will be required by us, by the third party or by both.
We encourage you to review the privacy practices of any third party that you choose to share your Personal Information with, as we are not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties.
Interactions with shop.
crucial.
com.
The website shop.
crucial.
com is operated by Digital River, not by Micron.
Digital River is a controller of Personal Information collected on that website.
Digital River commits to process information it collects through its site pursuant to its own policies and practices.
When Digital River shares your information with Micron, we process that information pursuant to the Micron Privacy Notice.
8.
MANAGING YOUR PRIVACY.
You have a choice about the use of information that identifies you, marketing communications you receive from us, and our use of cookies and other tracking technologies.
You can review and change your information or deactivate your account in your account settings, but we may retain certain information.
While you have the right to select whether you receive promotional messages, you may still receive other non-promotional messages from us.
A.
Managing Marketing Communications From Us.
We will honor your choices when it comes to receiving marketing communications from us.
If you have received marketing communications from us that you no longer wish to receive, you may.
Contact us or use the self-help tools we make available to you on our websites to manage your Personal Information and adjust your preferences regarding your Personal Information and your interactions with us.
Click the "unsubscribe" link in the email or newsletter you received.
Adjust your preferences in your Micron account settings.
For SMS messages, reply “STOP” or follow the instructions in the message or settings to discontinue the communications.
If you are receiving push notifications from us to your mobile device and no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at the device level.
Remember that even if you choose not to receive marketing communications from us, we will continue to send you mandatory service or transactional communications.
B.
Updating Your Personal Information.
You may access, update, change, correct or request deletion of your Personal Information by using the self-help tools on our websites, by adjusting your Micron account settings, or by contacting Micron’s customer support.
C.
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies.
We may use and allow others to use cookies, web beacons, pixels, local shared objects, device identifiers, and other similar technologies (“Cookies”) to collect and manage information about you.
You have control over some of the data we collect from Cookies and how we use that data.
See our Cookie Policy and the “Manage Your Personal Data” button in the bottom corner of participating Micron websites for details about some of these technologies and the information that they collect, use or share, including how you may be able to control or disable these applications.
Please note that even if you elect not to enable Cookies for interest-based advertising, you may still receive advertisements, they just won't be tailored to your interests based on those Cookies.
Also, if you elect to receive Cookies and later delete your Cookies, or use a different browser or computer, you will likely need to renew your choices.
D.
Do Not Track.
Like most other companies, we are not currently configured to respond to browser “Do Not Track” signals because, at this time, no formal “Do Not Track” standard has been adopted.
Please see our Cookie Policy for more information on “Do Not Track”.
E.
Social Media Features.
Micron or our authorized third parties may use social media features to gather certain information about you.
These features may collect your IP address and log which web pages you are visiting, and may also set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
Your interactions with these social media features are governed by the privacy policies and practices of the providing company.
9.
DATA RETENTION AND YOUR DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS.
You may have the right to exercise certain data protection rights, including the right to request the deletion of, amendment of or access to your information.
These depend on where you live.
You may always contact your local data protection authority regarding the use of your information.
Micron will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights.
A.
Data Retention.
Micron retains and uses your information in accordance with and as permitted by applicable law and regulations.
We will retain your information as long as necessary to serve you, to maintain your account for as long as your account is active, or as otherwise needed to operate our business.
When you close your account, we may continue to communicate with you about our products and services, give you important business updates that may affect you, and let you know about products and services that may interest you, unless you have elected to not receive marketing communications from us.
We may also continue to use some of your information for business purposes and to improve our offerings.
We will retain and use your information as required by applicable regulations and Micron’s records and information management policies to comply with our legal and reporting obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, complete any outstanding transactions and to detect and prevent fraud.
B.
Responses from Micron.
We respond to all requests from individuals regarding the exercise of their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Your data protection rights vary depending on the country or region in which you are located.
In many locations, these rights include.
Accessing, correcting, updating, or requesting deletion of your information.
Objecting to or asking us to restrict the processing of your information.
Requesting the portability of your information.
Electing whether or not to receive marketing communications from us.
Withdrawing your consent at any time for us to collect or process your information (noting that such withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of any processing that we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect otherwise lawful processing).
Please see section 11 of this Notice for additional privacy terms that may be relevant to your specific country or region.
C.
Data Controller.
Micron is considered to be a “controller” of your information under the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”) and similar data privacy regulations.
Other entities may also act as controllers of your information and you should contact them if you have any questions about how they use your information.
10.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION.
We use security measures to help protect Personal Information.
Keeping your Personal Information safe is important to us.
At Micron we.
Constantly work to update our security practices to help protect your Personal Information and review our security procedures carefully.
Comply with applicable laws and security standards.
Train applicable employees and contractors on data privacy and require them to safeguard your data.
Comply with the Payment Card Industry's Data Security Standards where applicable.
11.
ADDITIONAL COUNTRY/REGIONAL CONSIDERATIONS.
We provide our products and services in many different countries and regions.
Our Privacy Notice sets out the privacy principles and procedures we adhere to globally, but other laws may apply to you based on the country or region in which you are located or from which you are interacting with Micron.
Micron has adopted a global view on privacy with the intent of providing our customers with strong privacy rights regardless of where they reside.
We have attempted to recognize and implement high standards for privacy rights compliance on a global scale and our use of terminology in this Notice should be interpreted to reflect that intent.
You can find additional privacy terms that may be relevant to your specific country or region below.
China.
European Union, United Kingdom, Switzerland and European Economic Area.
India.
Singapore.
United States – California.
12.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE.
We may make changes to our Privacy Notice or our supporting privacy procedures at any time.
From time to time we may change or update this Notice.
We reserve the right to make changes or updates at any time and without prior notice to you.
If we make material changes to the way we process your Personal Information, we will provide you notice by posting the most current version of this Notice on our websites and we may also advise you of changes via our products and services information, or by other communication channels, such as by email, newsletters or community post.
Please review any changes carefully.
If you object to any changes and no longer wish to use our products and services, you may close your accounts and cease to interact with us.
All changes to our Privacy Notice are effective immediately upon posting and, except to the extent prohibited by law, your continued interaction with us after a posting of an updated Privacy Notice shall constitute your acceptance of all changes.
13.
HOW TO CONTACT US.
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, you may contact us by email, telephone or direct mail.
A.
Via Email.
.
B.
Via Telephone.
1-800-336-8915.
C.
Via Direct Mail.
Micron Technology, Inc.
Attn.
Legal - Privacy8000 South Federal WayBoise, Idaho 83707-0006, USA.
Products.
Solutions.
Support.
Insight.
About.
Legal.
Privacy.
Suppliers.
Careers.
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
Exercise My Rights.
