+65 9878 0603.
Home.
About Us.
Media.
RobotsDelivery RobotTelepresence RobotService RobotEducation Research RobotSecurity RobotDisplay All.
Delivery Robot.
Telepresence Robot.
Service Robot.
Education Research Robot.
Security Robot.
Display All.
Services.
Contact Us.
Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy.
MI Robotic is robotics and IoT based company.
we built the MI Robotic Launcher app as for our robots.
This SERVICE is provided by MI Robotic at no cost and is intended for use as is.
We are using many services like speech to text, text to speech and face detection to provide a better user experience to our client using our robots.
MI Robotic’s Team are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy describes how personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
Here below we will use the term “Our Apps” to refer all the Android apps published by MI Robotic.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy.
The Personal Information that Our Apps collect is used for providing and improving the Service.
Our Apps will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at MI Robotic Launcher unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
DATA PROCESSING METHODS.
The User Data processing is carried out using Google Firebase tools, which Analyzing and mining the user data in well classifies manner.
Read more about Google firebase policy.
Information Collection and Use.
For a better experience, while using our Service, Our Apps may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information.
The information that Our Apps request will be retained on your device and is not collected by us in any way.
By accessing our Website and using our app, you accept and consent to the practices described in this Policy.
If you do not accept the provisions set forth herein, we invite you not to use our Website or app.
Data Controller And Owner.
MI Robotic – 3791 Jalan Bukit Merah, #07-13 Singapore 159471,.
Owner contact email.
.
Third party services.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app.
Google Play Services.
Firebase Analytics.
Firebase Crashlytics.
Type of Data Collected.
We want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app Our Apps collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data.
This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
We may collect and process the following data about you.
a) Usage activity about how you interact with our application(s) or site and which areas of our application(s) or site you visited.
b) Crash report of our application(s) or site.
c) Performance Monitoring of our application(s) or site.
d) Features like searching a contact from the search bar, require access to your Address book.
This is required for the only purposes to provide to the user the ability to search a contact in the Application.
No data from your Address Book is collected, shared or sent in any way on the net.
e) Features like display a Calendar event for current date from Device, require access to your Calendar Data.
This is required for the only purposes to display current date event to the user in the Application.
No data in your Calendar is collected, shared or sent in any way on the net.
IP ADDRESSES AND COOKIES.
Detailed Information Of The Processing Of Personal Data.
4.
1 ANALYTICS.
The services contained in this section enable us to keep track of the user behavior while using our apps.
Google Analytics for Firebase or Firebase Analytics is an analytics service provided by Google Inc.
In order to understand Google’s use of Data, consult Google’s partner policy.
4.
2 MONITORING.
This type of service allows this Application to monitor the use and behavior of its components so its performance, operation, maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services, whose function is to filter the activities of this Application.
Firebase Crash Reporting is a monitoring service provided by Google, Inc.
Personal Data collected.
various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing.
United States – Privacy policy.
4.
3.
WEATHER CONDITIONS.
This type of services allows you to visualize on your device current weather conditions.
In order to provide this service the Application needs to retrieve your current position and transmit it to our weather providers partner services.
Open Weather Map is a service that provides Personal Data collected.
various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing.
Various countries as specified in the privacy policy of the service – Privacy policy.
Security.
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it.
But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
5.
1 Links to Other Sites.
This Service may contain links to other sites.
If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site.
Note that these external sites are not operated by me.
Therefore, We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Minor Protection.
6.
1 To use Our Apps you must be aged 16 or older.
Additionally, if you are under 18 years old, you must obtain the permission of your parent or guardian and the person who pays your mobile phone bills (if different) and they must agree to these Terms on your behalf before you use Our Apps and before you provide any personal information to us.
Also, to use some of the Services you may be asked to register with us and provide certain personal details.
6.
2 You represent and warrant that you are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms, and to abide by and comply with these Terms and have obtained all necessary third-party consents, licences and permissions necessary to enter into and fully perform your obligations under these Terms.
6.
3 If you are reading these terms to provide permission to a minor to use Our Apps, you represent and warrant that you have the full authority to act on behalf of the service user and that you are either more than 18 years of age and contracting for yourself or are the parent or guardian of the person who will use the Services and are entering into this contract to cover their usage.
In any case, you affirm that you are, or the person who will use Our Apps (where you are the parent or guardian of that person) is, over the age of 16.
6.
4 The Services are not intended for children under 16.
If you are under 16 years of age, then please do not use Our Apps.
If you are the parent or guardian of a person under the age of 16, then please do not permit that person use Our Apps.
6.
5 Your access to the Services may be deleted or blocked without warning if it is found that you are misrepresenting your age or the age of the person using Our Apps.
In this case, your membership account and all related data may be deleted without warning.
Your access to the Services is solely for your personal use, and you must not authorize others to use your account.
Your Rights.
This Application does not support “Do Not Track” requests.
Our Apps may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.
If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Changes to This Privacy Policy.
The Owner reserve right to update Privacy Policy from time to time.
It is strongly recommended to check this page often.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page and possibly within MI Robotic Launcher and/or – as far as technically and legally feasible – sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner.
It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at .
Effective [March 2020].
Last Update March 2020.
About Us.
MI Robotic is a Singapore-headquartered developer of applied AI and robotics technology for a variety of different environments including home, school, healthcare, industrial, F&B, and retail.
The distributor in Singapore for MI Robots, Ohmnilabs telepresence robot, Niryo education robot and Google Glass EE2, reseller of temi robot.
Providers of AI-related customize software development and associated IT services for advanced robotics applications.
Contact Info.
67 Ayer Rajah Crescent, #07-01 Singapore 139950.
+65 9878 0603.
