+91 970 444 0301.
Home.
Products  consightpoultrymon.
consight.
poultrymon.
Consulting  IOT AnalyticsEnterprise BI.
IOT Analytics.
Enterprise BI.
Media.
Blog.
Contact Us.
Industrial IoT Platform for Digital TransformationSmart Manufacturing/Industry 4.
0.
Improve operational visibility and efficiency.
The Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) is revolutionizing manufacturing.
Connecting assets throughout the industry shop floor provides complete operational visibility to allow for real-time decision making and improved levels of quality and efficiency for a data driven approach.
With Consight’s smart manufacturing / Industrial IoT solutions, you can connect any manufacturing equipment for data integration.
Our Products.
Consight.
Consight is a real time remote condition monitoring system improves automation withiin the four walls of the factory, asset tracking and field service operations across virtually all manufacturing verticals using IoT.
Learn More.
Poultrymon.
PoultryMon is a hatchery/Farms,coldroom etc.
smart poultry farm monitoring system created to deliver real time poultry monitoring and consistent process monitoring through every level of operations .
Smart poultry using IoT approach to deliver detailed hatchery monitoring,management,analysis & reporting on mobile.
Learn More.
Internet Of Things.
Consight smart manufacturing soultions connects all the disparate machines on the shop floor irrespective of their make and model using IoT technology to extract data for actionable insights.
Data Analytics & Reports.
Consight provides varied suite of production analysis,offering familiar metrics (OEE, Yield, Productivity ,Efficiency & others) as well as downtime,historical & utility consumption analysis.
These analysis offer deep insight into calculating and increasing efficiency at various levels.
IT/OT Integration.
IoT solutions are comprehensive only when the operations data is integrated with the existing business IT systems.
Intelligent connected ecosystem can be quickly achieved by this for data driven business decisions and proactive response.
Dashboard.
Consight realtime remote conditon monitoring system provides real-time view of productivity related parameters, analysis and reporting on mobile app or web enabling user more visibility into the process.
Alerts and Notifications.
Consight provides real time alerts about deviation in processes once they have crossed the critical parameter’s defined.
These alerts are vital tool for the production team to take immediate remedial action to prevent damage or loss in production quality.
Security.
Consight for factory gives secure infrastructure to remotely access ,monitor and mediate equipment to improve process efficiency and in turn increasing asset life.
Reach us for all your business related requirements .
We help organizations gain valuable insights into their businesses based on the data coming from diverse sources, constantly innovating to address the challenges that enterprises face today.
Watch Video.
Testimonials.
Poultrymon video launch.
Aviagen.
Godrej.
Sakku Group.
Suguna Foods.
Selco Foundation.
GBR Hatcheries.
Lotus Farms.
Diamond Chicken.
Smart Manufacturing/Industry 4.
0.
Products.
Consight.
PoultryMon.
Consulting.
IOT Analytics.
Enterprise BI.
Get In Touch.
