ONLINE TERMS OF USE.
1.
Background.
Molex, LLC and its affiliates (collectively"Molex") maintains a self-service,electronic tool (the "Tool") for customers, distributors,representatives and others (collectively, along with their respectiveemployees, contractors and agents, "Users")to purchase certain Molex products.
Certaintypes of users (as determined by Molex in its sole discretion) may have accessto additional functions within the Tool to review confidential business information(including, but not limited to, real time pricing, product availability, orderstatus, post ordering information and other information relating to the sale ofMolex products) as well as other services.
Use of the Tool is subject to the terms and conditionscontained in these Online Terms of Use (the "Terms of Use").
Molex makes no representation that materials on the Tool are appropriate orlegal for use in all jurisdictions.
Access to the Tool from locations where itscontent is illegal is prohibited.
Byaccessing the Tool, User agrees to comply with all laws and regulationsapplicable in its jurisdiction.
2.
Registration.
Eligibility.
Access to and use of the Tool is restricted toregistered Users.
There is no right touse the Tool and access may be terminated by Molex at any time.
Molex has sole discretion in determiningwhether to grant access, and if so, the level of access granted to the User.
Registration Process.
(a) The registrant will complete the registration form onthe Molex website  including selecting its desired passwordand agreeing to the terms of use set forth in this Agreement.
Failure to agreeto these terms of use will automatically disqualify the registrant from beinggranted access to the Tool.
(b) If registrant's request for access is approved,Molex will activate the User's account and notify User of the accountactivation.
At that point, User may log onto the Tool using the passwordselected during the registration process.
(c) If registrant's request for access is denied, Molexwill notify the registrant of its decision.
All decisions of Molex regardingaccess to the Tool will be made at the sole discretion of Molex.
3.
Provision of Services.
Availability of Services.
Except for regularlyscheduled down time for maintenance of the Tool, Molex will use commerciallyreasonable efforts to make the Tool available on a 24/7 basis.
However, Molex hasno liability if a User cannot access the Tool or any of its functions for anyreason.
Modification of Services.
Molex will be entitledat its sole discretion to modify the Tool and/or any of its functions,including, but not limited to, ceasing to provide the Tool and/or any of itsfunctions.
Viruses.
Although Molex will take commerciallyreasonable efforts to screen for viruses and other malicious code, Molex cannotguarantee that the Tool will be free of viruses and other malicious code.
Assuch, User will take appropriate security measures and will utilize screeningfor viruses and other malicious code when accessing the Tool.
Changes to Terms of Use.
Molex will be entitledat any time to amend or update the Terms of Use.
Amendments and/or updates tothese Terms of Use will be available on the Tool.
Should User not agree to theamendments and/or updates to the terms of use, User will immediately cease anyfurther access to the Tool.
Continued access after amendment and/or update ofthe Terms of Use will represent User's agreement to the amended and/or updated Termsof Use.
Computer Equipment.
User acknowledges and agrees that it issolely responsible for providing and maintaining the computer, software,communications equipment and services required foraccessing and using the Tool, and for all telecommunications and Internetservice fees and charges incurred by User in accessing the Tool.
Monitoring.
Molex reserves the right to electronicallymonitor activities by Users and to disclose any information as necessary orappropriate to satisfy any law, regulation or othergovernmental request, to operate the Tool, or to protect the Tool and itssponsors and users, or Molex.
Molex reserves the right at any time to refuse topost, to remove, or to block or limit access by any party to any information orposted or uploaded materials at any time.
4.
Duties of User.
Protection of User Name andPassword.
The User agrees that the user nameprovided by Molex and password selected by User to allow User access to theTool is unique to the individual that registered for access to the Tool.
User willnot share their user name and/or password with anyoneelse, including, but not limited to, other persons within their same company.
If more than one person from an organization is seeking access to the Tool,each person from that organization is required to complete the registrationprocess.
Failure to comply with this protection of user nameand password provision is grounds for immediate termination of rights by theUser to access the Tool.
In Molex's sole discretion, it may terminate the rightto access the Tool by the User and any organization in which User belongs.
Userwill be liable for any damages to Molex caused by User not protecting theconfidentiality of its user name and/or password.
Current Information.
User will inform Molex in atimely manner of any changes to the information provided by User to Molexduring the registration process.
Termination of User.
A User will timely notifyMolex if it no longer needs access to the Tool so that Molex can terminate theaccess rights of the User.
Instances where termination of User would beappropriate include, but are not limited to, termination of employment with theemployer for which User required access to the Tool and transfer of positionwithin the employer for which User required access to the Tool if such noposition no longer directly needs access to the Tool.
Prohibited Behavior.
While using the Tool, aUser will not.
(a) restrict or inhibit any other user from using andenjoying the Tool.
(b) infringe any intellectual property right or anyother proprietary right.
(c) post or transmitany fraudulent, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive,offensive, or otherwise unlawful material or information of any kind.
(d) transfer any content containing a virus, a " Trojan horse", or any other programs or code which couldcause damage to the Tool.
(e) reproduce,duplicate, copy, sell, or resell any content or portion of the Website, designelements or layout of the Website, use of the Website, or access to theWebsite.
(f) publish,transmit, reproduce, or distribute in any way, information, softwareor other material obtained through the Website which is protected by copyright,or other proprietary right, without obtaining permission of the copyright owneror rightholder.
or.
(g) distribute advertising or unsolicited emails (i.
e.
,"spam") or hoax warnings of viruses, defects orsimilar material, or solicit or request participation in any lottery, chainletter, pyramid scheme or similar type of activity.
Viruses.
User will take appropriate securitymeasures and will utilize virus scanning software to ensure that it does notupload any viruses into the Tool.
5.
Intellectual Property.
Confidentiality.
Intellectual Property.
As between User andMolex, Molex will be the sole owner of the Molex information contained in theTool, including all intellectual property rights contained in such information.
Except as otherwise necessary to use the Tool for User's business with Molex,User will not modify, reproduce, sell, rent out, use, supplement or otherwiseexploit in any way the Molex information contained in the Tool.
User will grantto Molex a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license to use, reproduce,edit, perform and display in full or in part contentthat User will input into the Tool.
Except for the rights specifically grantedin this Agreement, no other rights will be granted to User, including, but notlimited to, the right to use Molex's name or other intellectual propertyrights, including, but not limited to, Molex patents, trademarks, copyrights,trade secrets or other intellectual property rights, nor will any duty to grantto User such rights will be implied by providing User access to the Tool.
Confidentiality.
In the courseof accessing the Tool, the parties recognize that User may come incontact with or become familiar with information which Molex or itssubsidiaries or affiliates may consider confidential.
This information mayinclude, but is not limited to, information pertaining to Molex, its system,and other business and technical information, which information may be of valueto a competitor.
User agrees to (a) protect the confidential information in areasonable manner.
(b) use confidential information only to perform itsobligations under this Agreement.
(c) reproduce confidential information onlyas required to perform its obligations under this Agreement.
and (d) not todiscuss or divulge it to anyone other than appropriate Molex personnel or theirdesignees.
This section will not apply to informationwhich is publicly known, already known to the User without any obligation ofconfidentiality.
disclosed by Molex to a third party without restriction.
ordisclosed pursuant to legal requirement or order.
6.
Warranty.
Indemnification.
Liability.
No Warranty.
the Tool is provided "as is" without any warrantieswhatsoever, express or implied.
User's useof the Tool is at your sole risk.
Neither Molex nor their respective officers,directors, managers, partners, or employees, warrants that the Tool or any usethereof will be uninterrupted or error free, nor do any of them make anywarranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of the Tool, or asto the currency, accuracy, reliability or content of any information, service,or merchandise contained in or provided through the Tool, or any softwareprovided for use in accessing the Tool.
Information accessible through theTool is for informational purposes only.
User acknowledges and agrees that onlytrue and correct invoices or other purchase agreement documents issued by Molexaccurately reflect the purchases of Molex products and services made by User.
Indemnification.
User will indemnify Molexagainst any damage or expense (collectively, "Damages") caused by User as a result of User's access to the Tool.
In addition, User willindemnify Molex for any claim of third partyintellectual property infringement relating to any content that User posts to theTool.
The provisions of this section are intended to apply in allcircumstances, regardless of the grounds or nature of any claim asserted(including contract, statute, any form of negligence, tort, strict liability orotherwise) and whether or not the party seekingindemnification was advised of the possibility of the damage or loss asserted,to the extent not contrary to applicable law.
Limitation of Liability.
As Molexis providing User access to the Tool at no charge, User agrees that Molex willnot be liable for any Damages to User, unless such Damages result from thegross negligence or willful misconduct of Molex.
EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT REQUIREDBY LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, WILLMOLEX BE LIABLE TO USER OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECTDAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE COST OF PROCURING SUBSTITUTE GOODSOR SERVICES, LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF DATA OR ANY INCIDENTAL,CONSEQUENTIAL, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, WARRANTY OROTHERWISE, ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER OR NOT MOLEX HADADVANCE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
7.
Data Protection.
Protection of PII.
In order toenable User to access the Tool, personally identifiable information(hereinafter, "PII") must be stored and processed by Molex.
When collecting,using, processing and storing PII, Molex will usecommercially reasonable efforts to comply with relevant data protection lawsand with the Molex Privacy Policy, which can be found at .
8.
Sale of Goods.
The terms and conditions in this paragraph apply to the sale of anygoods purchased by User on the Tool.
Allpurchases by Users and sales by Molex are expressly limited and conditionedupon acceptance of these terms and conditions.
Molex objects to and rejects any provision additional to or differentfrom these terms and conditions that may appear in User's purchase order,acknowledgement, confirmation, writing, or in any other prior or latercommunication from User.
The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale ofGoods will not apply.
All sale of goods will be governed by the applicable master agreementor, if one does not exist, Molex's Standard Terms and Conditions of Salelocated at the following site.
9.
Miscellaneous Provisions.
Governing Documents.
This Agreement sets forththe only terms and conditions under which User will access the Tool.
To theextent, if any, that any purchase order, order acknowledgment, invoice, packingslip, quotation or any similar document relating to the matters addressed bythis Agreement includes terms and conditions that are in addition to or differfrom the terms and conditions of this Agreement, those additional and/ordiffering terms and conditions will be of no force or effect, and Molexexpressly rejects any such additional and/or differing terms and conditions ofUser.
Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated byeither part upon thirty (30) days written notice to the other party, orimmediately by Molex upon the material breach by User.
Relationship of the Parties.
Nothing containedherein will be deemed to create or be construed as creating a joint venture orpartnership between the parties.
Neither party is, by virtue of this Agreementor otherwise, authorized as an agent or legal representative of the otherparty.
Neither party is granted any right or authority to assume or create anyobligation or responsibility, express or implied, on behalf of or in the nameof the other party or to bind such other party in any manner.
Further, it isnot the intention of this Agreement or of the parties hereto to confer a third party beneficiary right of action upon any third partyor entity whatsoever, and nothing in this Agreement will be construed so as toconfer upon any third party or entity other than the parties hereto a right ofaction under this Agreement or in any manner whatsoever.
Waiver.
No waiver of any provision of thisAgreement or any rights or obligations of either party hereunder will beeffective, except pursuant to a written instrument signed by the party orparties waiving compliance, and any such waiver will be effective only in thespecific instance and for the specific purpose stated in such writing.
Severability.
In the eventthat any provision hereof is found invalid or unenforceable pursuant tojudicial decree or decision by a court of competent jurisdiction, suchprovision will be construed, limited or, if necessary, severed to the extentnecessary to eliminate such invalidity or unenforceability.
The remainder ofthis Agreement will remain valid and enforceable according to its terms.
Theparties agree to negotiate in good faith a valid, enforceable substituteprovision that most nearly effects the parties' original intent in enteringinto this Agreement or to provide an equitable adjustment in the event no suchprovision can be added.
Assignment.
Neither this Agreement, nor anyright, license, privilege or obligation providedherein may be assigned, transferred or shared by either party, and noobligations hereunder may be delegated, without the other party's prior writtenconsent, which consent will not be withheld unreasonably, and any attemptedassignment, transfer or delegation will be void.
Subject to the provisions ofthe preceding sentence, any merger, consolidation, reorganization, transfer ofsubstantially all assets of a party, or other change in control or ownershipwill be considered an assignment for the purposes of this Agreement.
Governing Law.
These Terms of Use and all claims or causes of action (whether incontract or tort) that may be based upon, arise out of or in any way relates tothese Terms of Use, will be governed by the internal laws of the State of NewYork (including its laws regarding statutes of limitations), withoutapplication of that State's conflict of law principles.
The parties hereto herebyconsent and agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State andfederal courts located in Manhattan, NY for any litigation or other proceedingthat may be based upon, arise out of or in any way relates to these Terms ofUse.
Neither party may commence anylitigation or other proceeding with respect to these Terms of Use except insuch court.
The partiesfurther consent and agree that they will accept service of process by U.
S.
certified mail, return receipt required and postage prepaid, to the addressesset forth above.
THE PARTIES EACH WAIVE,TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO ATRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY SUIT, ACTION, CLAIM OR PROCEEDING RELATING TOTHESE TERMS OF USE.
Entire Agreement.
This Agreement constitutes theentire understanding and agreement between the parties hereto and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous representations,understandings and agreements between the parties with respect to the subjectmatter hereof, all of which are merged herein.
No usage of trade or custom andpractice within the industry, and no regular practice or method of dealing betweenthe parties hereto, will be used to modify, interpret, supplementor alter in any manner the express terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.
This Agreement will not be modified, amended or in any way altered except by aninstrument in writing signed by an authorized representative of the parties.
Acknowledgement.
BY ACCESSING OR USING THE TOOL, YOU AGREE TO BEBOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE.
