Home.
Catalog.
Contact Us.
FAQ's.
Track Your Order.
+1 (502) 276-5993.
Home.
Catalog.
Contact Us.
FAQ's.
Track Your Order.
SHOPPING CART.
No Products in the Cart.
title.
details.
Sign In.
Register.
View Cart.
Compare.
Home.
Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy.
SECTION 1 - WHAT can we DO along side your INFORMATION.
once you purchase something from our store, as a neighborhood of the buying and selling process, we collect the private information you give us like your name, address and email address.
once you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP)address so on supply us with information that helps us study your browser and OS .
Email marketing (if applicable).
along side your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products, and other updates.
SECTION 2 - CONSENTHow do i get my consent.
once you provide us with personal information to end a transaction, verify your mastercard , place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase , we imply that you simply simply consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we invite your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we'll either ask youdirectly for your expressed consent or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent.
If after you opt-in, you modify your mind, you'll withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at any time, by contacting us +1 (502) 276-5993 or mailing us at.
3 - DISCLOSUREWe may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to undertake to to so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 - SHOPIFYOur store is hosted on Shopify Inc.
they provide us with the online e-commerce platform that permits us to sell our products and services to you.
Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases, and thus the overall Shopify application.
They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment.
If you decide on an instantaneous payment gateway to end your purchase, then Shopify stores your Mastercard data.
it's encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS).
Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is vital to end your purchase transaction.
then is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which can be a joint effort of brands like Visa, Master card, American Express and determine .
PCI-DSS requirements help confirm the secure handling of master card information by our store and its service providers.
For more insight, you'll also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service( or Privacy Statement( 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICESgenerally , the third-party providers employed by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, like payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in regard to the knowledge we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you simply simply read their privacy policies so you'll understand the way during which your personal information are getting to be handled by theseproviders.
especially , remember that certain providers could even be located in or have facilities that are located a special jurisdiction than either you or us.
So if you select to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) during which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you're located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located within the us , then your personal information utilized in completing that transaction could even be subject to disclosure under us legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you permit our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application,you are not governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Linksonce you click on links on our store, they'll direct you away from our site.
We aren't responsible forthe privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECTION 6 - SECURITYTo guard your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it isn't inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us along side your master card information, the knowledge is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with an AES-256 encryption.
Although no method of transmission over the online or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
SECTION 7 - COOKIESHere could also be an inventory of cookies that we use.
We’ve listed them here so you that you simply simply can choose if you'd wish to opt-out of cookies or not.
_session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).
_ shopify_ visit, no data held, Persistent for half-hour from the last visit, employed by our websiteprovider’s internal stats tracker to record the quantity of visits_ shopify_ uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of subsequent day, Counts the quantity of visits to a store by one customer.
cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart.
_secure _session _id, unique token, sessionalstore front _digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop features a password, this is often often used todetermine if this visitor has access.
SECTION 8 - AGE OF CONSENTBy using this site, you represent that you simply simply are a minimum of the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you simply simply are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have got given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 9 - CHANGES to this PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently.
Changes and clarifications will become immediately upon their posting on the online site .
If we make material changes to this policy, we'll notify you here that it has been updated, in order that you're aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information could even be transferred to the new owners so as that we should sell products to you.
QUESTIONS and obtain in-tuned with INFORMATIONIf you want to.
access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we've about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information to contact our Privacy Compliance Officer .
BE IN TOUCH WITH US.
CATEGORIES.
Privacy Policy.
Shipping Policy.
Return & Refund Policy.
Billing Terms and Conditions.
Terms of Service.
Refund policy.
BUY WITH US.
Home.
Catalog.
Contact Us.
FAQ's.
Track Your Order.
CONTACT US.
Please login and you will add product to your wishlist.
