Website Design Company.
Website Design, Hosting & Domain Name Registration.
Home.
Who We Are.
Our Services.
Our Sites.
Our Prices.
Request a Quotation.
Contact Us.
Privacy Policy.
At mOrsoft, we are committed to protecting online user privacy.
This “Privacy Policy” discloses the privacy practices governing our knowing collection, use, and disclosure of information.
In order to ensure your privacy, information we collect is used only in the manner and for the purposes described below.
Anonymous User Information.
mOrsoft collects some anonymous information each time you visit mOrsoft so we can improve the overall quality of your online experience.
We collect your IP address, referral data, and browser and platform type.
You do not have to register with mOrsoft before we can collect this anonymous information.
We do not collect any unique information about you (such as your name, e-mail address, etc.
) except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information.
mOrsoft does not require you to share information that identifies you personally, such as your name or email address, in order for you to use the mOrsoft search.
mOrsoft assigns an anonymous ID number to your requests and links the following additional data to that number.
the date and time you visited mOrsoft, your search terms, and the links upon which you choose to click.
Like most standard Web site servers, we use log files to collect and store this anonymous user information.
We analyze this information to examine trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
mOrsoft may present links in a format that enables us to understand whether they have been followed.
We use this information to understand and improve the quality of the mOrsoft search.
Cookies.
We use a feature of Internet web browsers called a “cookie,” which is a small file that is sent to your computer when you visit a website.
This enables us to store user preferences and track user trends and search patterns.
We use cookies to improve the quality of the mOrsoft services and to better understand how users interact with us.
We do not and cannot use Cookies to retrieve individual personally identifiable information about you from your computer unless you knowingly and willingly provided such information.
The cookie technology we use cannot obtain information from your hard drive or pass on a computer virus.
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
However, some mOrsoft features or services may not function properly without cookies.
Information security.
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data.
We restrict access to your personally identifying information to employees who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services.
Aggregated General Information.
We may share aggregated general information about our site with our corporate partners or others.
Examples of this include the number of users who searched for “Classic Cars”, the daily number of unique visitors, or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement.
Aggregated data does not contain any personally identifiable information that could be used to contact or identify you.
Information sharing We may share personally identifying information to other companies or individuals in any of the following limited circumstances.
We have your consent.
We provide such information to trusted businesses or persons for the sole purpose of processing personally identifying information on our behalf.
When this is done, it is subject to agreements that oblige those parties to process such information only on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
When required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a criminal investigation, a court order, or legal process served on our Web site.
We may also share your personal information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of mOrsoft’s terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
If you have an account, we may share the information submitted under your account among all of our services in order to provide you with a seamless experience and to improve the quality of our services.
We will not disclose your account information to other people or non-affiliated companies, except in the limited circumstances described in this Policy or with your consent.
We may store and process personal information collected on our site in the UK or any other country in which mOrsoft or its agents maintain facilities.
By using our services, you consent to the transfer of your information among these facilities, including those located outside your country.
mOrsoft may use third party service providers to serve ads and emails on our behalf.
These companies may use technologies to measure the effectiveness of ads and emails and use information about your visits to mOrsoft so that we can provide a better search experience to you.
For this purpose, we may also provide these third parties service providers anonymous information about your site navigation.
We may share certain information about you with carefully selected business partners, including those who may offer services that complement those provided by us or which we believe may be of interest to you.
We may also disclose information to third parties who assist us in providing our services to you.
For example, we may engage third parties to make improvements on our site, to offer new products and to allow us to customize your experience on the Site.
Correspondence.
If you contact mOrsoft, we may keep a record of that correspondence and we may collect your email address.
Third Party Information Gathering.
mOrsoft includes content and ads from third parties that may perform user activity tracking other than that described herein.
These third parties may place their own cookies on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information.
For more information about each third party’s cookies, and how to “opt-out”, please refer to such third party advertiser’s privacy policy.
Some third party ad servers may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”), which offers Internet users a single location to opt out of ad-targeting from NAI-member companies.
For additional information about the NAI or to opt out, please click here.
mOrsoft contains links to other sites on the Web.
Please be aware that mOrsoft is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Children’s Privacy.
mOrsoft does not knowingly request or collect personally identifiable information online or offline contact information from users under 13 years of age nor do we knowingly use or share personal information from users under 13 years of age with third parties.
Sale of Assets.
In the event that another company acquires all or substantially all of the assets related to the business of mOrsoft, we reserve the right to include any or all stored personal information among the assets transferred to the acquiring company.
Paid Submissions.
The Information that is gathered when submitting a URL to the mOrsoft Directory is only used to contact the customer and will not be sold or otherwise transferred without their explicit permission.
Changes to Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to amend or revise this privacy policy from time to time.
We will post these changes to this page.
Use of information that we gather now is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time the information is used.
Information.
mOrsoft Developments.
Southchurch AvenueSouthend on SeaEssex.
01702.
Twitter.
End Of An Era morsoft.
net/end-of-an-era/😢😢😢.
5 Years What A Ride.
morsoft.
net/5-years-what-a… we have now been designing websites for over 5 years.
#mOrsoft.
Holly Has Moved On To Pastures New morsoft.
net/holly-has-move… 😥😥😥.
Beware Of Fake Reviews On Websites morsoft.
net/beware-of-fake… 🤔👨‍💻.
How Apple Pay Buttons Can Make Websites Less Safe morsoft.
net/how-apple-pay-… 👨‍💻🤳.
Search Our Site.
More results.
Additional Site Links.
Frequently Asked Questions.
Log In.
Member Directory.
My Account.
My Profile.
Reset Password.
Sign Up.
Contact Us.
List of Posts.
Latest News From The Web.
Privacy Policy.
Terms and Conditions.
Facebook.
Twitter.
instagram.
YouTube.
© 2014-2022 mOrsoft Developments.
Privacy Overview.
