INDUSTRIESENERGY >SMART & SAFE CITIES >DEFENSE >INDUSTRY 4.
0 >ALL INDUSTRIES >.
ENERGY >.
SMART & SAFE CITIES >.
DEFENSE >.
INDUSTRY 4.
0 >.
ALL INDUSTRIES >.
PRODUCTSPlatform >Distributed Energy Resource Management >Asset Health Management >Smart, Safe City & Critical Infrastructure >ALL PRODUCTS >.
Platform >.
Distributed Energy Resource Management >.
Asset Health Management >.
Smart, Safe City & Critical Infrastructure >.
ALL PRODUCTS >.
CompanyABOUT >MANAGEMENT >CAREERS >.
ABOUT >.
MANAGEMENT >.
CAREERS >.
News & Events.
RESOURCE CENTER.
CONTACT.
Privacy Policy.
Your privacy is important to mPrest Systems (2003) Ltd.
(“mPrest“).
mPrest only collects, processes or discloses personal data necessary for the purposes stated in this Policy.
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy“) discloses the information practices for mPrest’s web site (the “Site“), including what type of information is collected and tracked, how it is used, and with whom it is shared.
mPrest collects and processes your personal data in accordance with applicable laws and this Policy.
BY ACCESSING THIS SITE, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS POLICY, PLEASE DISCONTINUE USE OF THIS SITE.
Applicability of Policy.
If you click on a link on this Site that takes you to another site, please read that site’s privacy policy and terms of use or legal policy to make sure that you understand and agree with the terms applicable to your use of the linked site.
Types of personal data mPrest processes in this site.
mPrest collects and processes personal data on contacts and clients and potential clients from the use of this Site or directly from you through a registration process.
The personal data collected and processed by mPrest may include.
Contact details (e.
g.
name, email address, phone number).
Other information provided by you when you download marketing materials (brochures, whitepapers, case studies, contact us) and.
mPrest may also receive personal data (including for example, name and email) from marketing registers provided to mPrest by third parties.
Purposes of collection and processing of personal data.
mPrest collects and processes personal data for the following purposes.
contacting customers and potential customers.
marketing of mPrest’s products and services (including targeted email marketing.
collecting and handling feedback.
submitting requested information.
providing better user experience (including optimizing and personalizing mPrest’s website).
Visitor identification.
This Site can be used for informational purposes without informing mPrest of your identity and without providing mPrest any personal data.
However, mPrest uses “cookies” in order to recognize a returning visitor as a unique user.
Cookies are pieces of data stored on your computer’s hard drive, and not on this Site.
Cookies themselves do not contain any personal data.
The cookies placed by the mPrest server or third party service providers are readable only by mPrest and cookies cannot access, read or modify any other data on a computer.
By showing how and when our visitors use this Site, mPrest can continue improving it.
If you do not wish to receive cookies, or want to be notified when they are placed on your hard drive, you may set your web browser to do so, if your browser permits such a setting.
If you refuse the cookies, mPrest does not gather any information on your visit, but doing so will require you to re-enter certain information at each visit or prevent mPrest from customizing the Site’s features according to your preferences.
mPrest may link the information stored in cookies to any personal data you submit through online forms while visiting this Site.
Further, mPrest tracks statistics, such as Internet protocol address, your computer’s operating system, your browser type and the address of any referring websites, and general information about the traffic patterns on the Site and related Site information.
mPrest collects and processes personal data of Site visitors to create a personalized Site experience.
Privacy of Minors.
Although our products and services are not geared to attracting minors, a minor may enter our website.
mPrest endeavors to comply with child protection of online privacy legislation and undertakes not to collect data from users that are known to us to be minors of the age of 13 or below.
If you are 13 years of age or younger, please stop your use of our web site.
The age used to determine whether a person is a minor may change according to the jurisdiction where you are located.
Please know that it is mPrest’s policy not to collect any data from a minor, wherever located.
If it is determined by you or us that we have inadvertently, without knowledge, collected personal data from a minor, such information will be permanently deleted from our files upon becoming aware of information collected from a minor.
Do Not Track (for California residents only).
Do not Track (“DNT”) is a setting provided by your browser (depending on the browser used) that you can activate in your browser’s settings to let Internet sites know that you do not want them collecting certain information about you.
Unfortunately, mPrest does not currently have the technology to respond to DNT signals.
As a result, mPrest does not afford different treatment to California residents whose browsers send a DNT signal as opposed to those without this setting.
Transfer of personal data.
mPrest shall not provide your personal data to a third party company that will use this data for any reason other than as stated in this Policy without your permission.
In such case, mPrest will send an email to ask for your consent.
mPrest may use third party service providers and channel partners in implementing its marketing campaigns and selling activities.
For the purposes of the implementation of such marketing campaigns and selling activities, mPrest may share your contact details and online behavior data, such as Site visits and e-mail click-through, and personal data with these third party service providers and channel partners.
Because mPrest is committed to protecting your privacy, mPrest does not engage in the practice of selling or trading personal data to third parties for their own promotional purposes.
mPrest may transfer your information both in and out of the European Union.
Such transfers will be carried out in compliance with applicable laws and necessary safeguards.
Please note, however, that laws applicable to the processing of personal data in other countries may be different from those applicable in Israel or your home country.
Retention of personal data.
mPrest has the right, but not the obligation, to retain and use such information stored in mPrest’s databases and other information obtained from your current or previous activities on this Site for a reasonable period of time, not exceeding any legal requirements or limitations, to resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems, to enforce mPrest’s rights, and to enforce the terms and conditions of this Policy.
Personal data will be deleted when it becomes obsolete for the purposes of this Policy in accordance with mPrest’s data retention policies.
Disclosures required by law.
If mPrest is compelled by law, court order or other judicial process to disclose any of your personal data to a court or a third party, mPrest will attempt to give you prior notice using the contact information you have provided.
You hereby authorize mPrest to disclose any of your information that we collected for any of the above mentioned purposes, including without limitation, disclosing information in connection with an investigation of intellectual property infringements or other activity that is illegal or may expose mPrest to legal liability.
Protecting personal data.
mPrest endeavors to take commercially reasonable measures to prevent unauthorized access to and improper use of your personal data submitted to mPrest.
While mPrest uses encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, mPrest also protects your information offline.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to your personal data.
The servers on which we store personal data are kept in a secure environment with limited access.
Your rights.
You may at any time exercise your right to request access to your personal data and have incomplete, incorrect, unnecessary or outdated personal data deleted or updated by contacting mPrest at You also have the right to request restriction of, or object to, the processing of your personal data, where applicable.
Please note that by requesting mPrest to delete your personal data, mPrest may not be able to provide you the products, services or information about which you may have inquired.
Policy changes.
mPrest may change this Policy, or change, modify or withdraw access to this Site, or the content of this Site at any time with or without notice.
If mPrest changes this Policy that will result in a material, adverse change in the way mPrest collects or processes your personal data, mPrest will post a notice of such change on this Site.
Contact Details.
Your personal data is processed by mPrest, a company organized and existing under the laws of Israel whose registered office is at Park Ofer, 94 Em-Hamoshavot Rd.
, Kiryat Arieh P.
O.
Box 3027, Petach Tikva 4970602, Israel.
This Privacy Policy is governed by Israeli law excluding its choice of law provisions.
You may contact mPrest at any time in order to check personal data collected by mPrest, or execute any of the rights listed above.
mPrest can be contacted by sending an e-mail to the following address.
.
mPrest strives to solve any disagreements through negotiations but needs to point out that you have the right to lodge a complaint with a the appropriate supervisory authority in your country.
Revised.
May 24, 2018.
Your consent applies to the following domains.
.
Your consent ID.
Fks2RrwE3xcnJ8oGiUlx99G/tfGyORUTpXwts2p9d/d6xGYTgqy2YA==Consent date.
Sunday, October 18, 2020, 10.
57.
28 AM GMT+3.
Cookie declaration last updated on 12/7/20 by Cookiebot.
Necessary (4).
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website.
The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Preferences (3).
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Statistics (3).
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Marketing (25).
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites.
The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Unclassified (1).
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
INDUSTRIES.
PRODUCTS.
COMPANY.
NEWS & EVENTS.
RESOURCE CENTER.
CONTACT.
