Privacy Policy for Nauto Services and Products.
Effective date.
June 5, 2018.
For the prior policy effective August 31, 2017 to June 4, 2018, click here.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes what informationNauto, Inc.
and Nauto Global Limited, its service providers, and affiliates(collectively, “Nauto,” “we,” “our” or “us”) collectsand how Nauto uses this information.
When we talk about the “Services” in this Policy, we arereferring to the use of the Nauto device (both the device hardware and thesoftware which supports and interacts with the device), Nauto’s applications orother Nauto products and services.
We provide additional details about how wecollect and use information from our public website in our Privacy Policy forNauto Website Visitors.
NautoGlobal Limited, an Irish registered company, will provide the Services toNauto’s Customers in the European Union, and Nauto, Inc.
, a United Statescompany, will provide Nauto’s customers with the Services in all othercountries.
Details of these Nautocompanies are set out at the end of this Policy.
What Information Does Nauto Collect and Receive.
Nauto may, on behalf of itscustomers, collect and analyze information (including personal information)about users (such as drivers and passengers) of the Services and otherindividuals (such as members of the public whose images may be captured by theServices).
This content and information is referred to in this Policy as “Customer Data” and is controlled byNauto’s customers .
To theextent that Nauto captures, stores and analyses Customer Data, Nauto does so onbehalf of its customers.
If you are using the Services byinvitation of a Nauto customer, whether that customer is your employer, anotherorganization, or an individual, Nauto collects, stores, and analyses your dataon behalf of its customer in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy,though that customer will otherwise determine its own additional policiesregarding the treatment of Customer Data in its possession which may apply toyour use of the Services.
Nauto may implement some of these policies on itscustomers’ behalf.
Please check with the customer about the policies it has inplace.
1.
Nauto Device and Customer Data.
The Nauto device is anintelligent camera and sensor system that allows the collection of internal andexternal event data from vehicles in order to improve driver safety and fleetoperations.
Nauto devices use camera and sensor technology to scan a driver’senvironment and collect information.
The device’s cameras are both inward andoutward facing.
In addition to capturing video clips and images of drivers andpassengers, the Nauto device also collects the following types of information.
GPS location.
Network or internet protocol addresses.
Operating system ID.
Mobile network details.
Nauto device identifier or registration details.
Nauto device settings.
Date, time and type of web requests.
‍The Nauto device and Servicesmay also collect information about a vehicle’s environment and experience whileon the road, including information about.
Geographic location and relative proximity of a vehicle to other vehicles.
Hazards, such as pedestrians (whose faces may be blurred), bicycles, weather, and other vehicles.
Collision, near-miss, hard braking, acceleration or cornering events.
Traffic patterns, speeds, and flow.
Lane and road departure.
License plate numbers (which may be blurred) and other information such as color or make of surrounding vehicles.
Not obeying the rules of the road e.
g.
running a red light.
The Nauto device and Services may also collect other personal information about drivers (and passengers where indicated) such as.
Name.
Phone number.
Email address.
Home/work address.
Driver’s license / ID information.
Date of birth.
Vehicle identification number ("VIN").
License plate.
Emergency contact information.
Face of driver.
Driver’s posture and other physical characteristics when driving.
Who was in a collision including passengers.
Live camera feed / photo images including passengers.
Audio recordings including passengers.
The Nauto device also uses face scanning and facial recognition software on the data captured by the Nauto device in order to create a profile of a driver for Nauto’s customers.
For example, this software may create a profile based on a driver’s facial features, such as the distance between the eyes, nose and ears, for a particular driver, that it uses to connect a driver in one particular photo or video to another photo or video for customer’s benefit.
The device’s software may also analyse facial features, driver behaviour, posture and movements in order to ensure safety and to prevent accidents.
This is done for safety reasons in order to protect the vital interests of drivers and passengers.
For example, the device may process the following information about a driver’s behavior.
The identity of the driver.
Driver behavior and actions or inaction.
Risks.
Number of passengers in the vehicle.
Drowsiness.
Inattention (e.
g.
, phone use, passenger activity).
Braking.
Speed, acceleration, and mileage.
Driving time.
Nauto device tampering.
Vehicle security (e.
g.
, audio listening of broken glass, stolen vehicle).
Not obeying the rules of the road, e.
g.
texting while driving, ignoring traffic control signals or signs, DUI (i.
e.
drink-driving).
Some of this information may beconsidered to be sensitive personal information.
Some images and informationabout members of the public may also be captured by the device.
To the extent requested by acustomer, we may create account “Profiles”for drivers.
These Profiles allow Nauto to display a driver’s Profile name andphoto, and to link that Profile with information collected by that driver’sNauto device.
In order to create these Profiles on behalf of customers, Nautomay collect information such as names, username, password, photographs,location, and contact information of drives.
Nauto may also collect informationderived from its use of facial scanning and facial recognition software and itsanalysis of behavior, posture, and movements of persons who appear in datacaptured on Nauto devices.
In addition, drivers andpassengers may transmit information to Nauto on behalf of customers byrecording a short voice note using the Nauto device.
Nauto processes the voicenote on behalf of its customer to understand additional details of an incidentor passenger interaction and may use the information to offer technical oremergency support to drivers on behalf of its Nauto customers.
The device may also, on a customer’sbehalf, collect other information about a driver’s environment and experienceon the road including a vehicle’s speed, acceleration, braking, collisionevents, mileage, relative proximity to other vehicles, road conditions/hazards,traffic patterns/density and the details of surrounding vehicles.
2.
Other Information.
Nauto may also process thefollowing information (collectively referred to as “Nauto Data”) in order to provide the Services to Customers.
Account creation information.
Customers may create a Nauto account to make it easier to communicate with usand access the Services we provide.
To create an account, customers may beasked to provide information such as names, usernames, passwords and contactinformation.
Billing and other information.
Nauto orour partners acting on our behalf may collect and store payment informationincluding a credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code,billing address, and shipping address to complete transactions through ourServices.
Services usage information.
This isinformation about customers and customer personnel who are accessing and usingthe Services, which may include details of administrative, technical andsupport communications with us.
Log data.
When our Customers use the Serviceswe may collect log data such as your Internet Protocol address, the date andtime of your use of the Services and cookie data.
How Does Nauto Use the Information it Collects.
1.
Provide and Improve Nauto Services.
Nauto may access and use CustomerData as reasonably necessary and in accordance with a customer’s instructionsto provide and improve the Services.
For example, Nauto may, on its customers’behalf and in accordance with their instructions, use this information tounderstand and predict traffic flows, advise drivers of hazards in real time,determine the cause and consequence of individual driving behavior and eventsand develop composite safety scores for drivers.
Nauto may also use thisinformation to provide technical support, to prevent or address service,security, technical issues, to improve the quality of service Nauto provides orat a customer’s request in connection with customer support matters.
Nauto may also use Customer Dataas set forth in our agreement with its customer or as expressly permitted inwriting by the customer or as required by law.
2.
Other Purposes.
We also use information.
To understand and develop our Services.
We carryout research and analyze trends to better understand how users are using theServices and improve them.
Communicating with customer personnel and marketing.
Ifcustomer personnel contact us with a problem or question, we will use customerpersonnel information to respond.
We may also send customer personnel serviceand administrative emails and messages.
We may also contact customer personnelto inform them about changes in our Services, our service offerings, andimportant service related notices, such as security and fraud notices.
Theseemails and messages are considered part of the Services we are contractuallyobliged to provide to customers’ personnel and, apart from marketing emails,customer personnel may not opt-out of them.
Where we send emails about newproduct features or other news about Nauto, customer personnel and otherrecipients can opt out of these at any time.
Billing and account management.
We useaccount data to administer accounts and keep track of billing and payments.
Thisprocessing of Nauto Data is necessary for us to provide the Services toCustomers.
Investigating fraud and abuse.
We workhard to keep the Services secure and to prevent abuse and fraud.
Any processingof Nauto Data in these circumstances will be in our legitimate interests andthe legitimate interests of our customers and their personnel to have theirdata kept secure and free from abuse and fraud.
Processing of Customer Data inthese circumstances shall be on behalf of our customers.
Where the processing described inthis Section 2 comprises Nauto Data processing, Nauto processes such data inaccordance with its and its customers’ legitimate interests described above andbecause such processing is necessary for Nauto to discharge its contractualobligations.
Use of Aggregated/De-identified data.
ThisPolicy is not intended to place any limits on what Nauto does with data that isaggregated and/or de-identified so the data is no longer associated with andcan no longer be linked to an identifiable user or customer of the Services.
Nauto uses aggregate or de-identified information for business purposes,including for product improvement, analytics, industry and market research, andother purposes consistent with Nauto’s business needs.
Examples of aggregatedor de-identified information used by Nauto include information on.
Road signs and traffic lights.
Vehicle density and speeds.
Parking spaces.
Collision and near miss hotspots.
Parking and stops.
Risk scoring.
Scenario risk, based on context (e.
g.
risk in a construction zone, pothole).
Location and labeling of objects such as vehicles and traffic signs.
Driving paths.
Risk events.
Vehicle speed and change in velocity or delta-V.
Dynamic aggregated data (e.
g.
, traffic data, construction activity, weather, road conditions).
Infrastructure data (e.
g.
, pot holes, number of lanes, lane markers, stop sign / signal locations).
How Does Nauto Share the Information It Collects.
Nauto may share informationdescribed in this Policy from time to time.
Our customers determine their ownpolicies for the sharing and disclosure of Customer Data.
Nauto does notcontrol how customers or their third parties choose to share or discloseCustomer Data.
Nauto may share Customer Data andother information in accordance with our agreement with our customers and ourcustomers’ instructions, including with.
Customers.
Nauto may share Customer Data andother information in accordance with our agreement with customers.
This meansthat customers, and third parties that customers designate to receive theirCustomer Data, can receive up-to-date information about a driver’s location,speed, driving hazards, and attentiveness, in addition to in-depth analysis ofdriver safety, traffic dynamics, or insurer loss data.
There may be times whena user contacts Nauto to help resolve an issue specific to the Services.
In orderto help resolve the issue and given our relationship with our customer, we mayshare this concern with our customer.
Third Party Service Providers and Agents.
Nauto mayprovide information to vendors, service providers, and other partners who helpprovide the Services and who, like Nauto, will use this information inaccordance with instructions from Nauto’s customers either directly or throughNauto.
These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations thatare consistent with this Policy and the agreements Nauto enters into with them.
Sharing of Aggregated/De-identified Data.
We maydisclose or use aggregate or de-identified information for any purpose,including for business, public interest, or research purposes.
For example, wemay use this information to advise other customers, including fleet owners andinsurers, and Nauto drivers about driving conditions and to warn them ofhazards.
Nauto may also use this information to provide customers with otherfleet management services, general risk analysis and traffic analysis.
Affiliates.
We may engage affiliates in ourcorporate group to process Customer Data in accordance with our agreement withCustomers.
Legal Compliance.
Nauto may share information in orderto comply with legal or regulatory requirements and to respond to lawfulrequests, court orders and legal process.
Emergency Services.
Nauto may contact emergencyservices and share Customer Data on behalf of its customers if there is anaccident based on information that Nauto receives from Nauto devices.
This isto protect the vital interests of drivers, passengers or members of the public.
Nauto, pursuant to its legitimateinterests and those of its customers and their users, may also share Nauto Datain the circumstances described above.
Such sharing might also be required inorder for Nauto to perform its contractual obligations in its customeragreements.
Such Nauto Data sharing may also occur in the followingcircumstances.
Changes to Business Structure.
In theevent Nauto is involved in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution,reorganization, sale of some or all of Nauto’s assets, financing, acquisitionof all or a portion of our business, a similar transaction or proceeding, orsteps in contemplation of such activities (e.
g.
due diligence).
Fraud and Illegal Activity.
Nauto mayshare Nauto Data to enforce our rights, prevent fraud and for safety.
This isin order to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of us or thirdparties, including enforcing contracts or policies, or in connection withinvestigating and preventing fraud.
Security and Data Retention.
Nauto takes security seriously.
Nautomaintains administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed toprotect the privacy and security of the Biometric Information that it collects.
These safeguards take into account the nature of the information we collect,process and store, and the current state of technology.
The Nauto cloud issupported by customer authorized third-party vendors and service providers thatprocess and store information in compliance with this Policy and any otherappropriate confidentiality and security measures.
In addition to technologicalsecurity measures, Nauto places access controls on its employees, contractors,and agents.
Despite these measures, Nautocannot guarantee that the information described in this Policy will becompletely secure.
We only retain Customer Data ifnecessary in accordance with our agreement with the customer or as expresslypermitted in writing by the customer or as required to comply with our legalobligations.
Most data (including mostCustomer Data) are temporarily stored locally on the Nauto device and onlyselect data (including only select Customer Data) is sent up into the cloud.
Generally, we only store NautoData for as long as is necessary for the business purposes for which the datais processed by Nauto.
This means certain account creation information andgeneral account information along with Services usage information willtypically be stored while the account remains active or for shorter periods ifpossible.
We may retain certain Nauto Data after an account has closed ifretention is reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, meetregulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud or abuse, or enforcethis Policy and our agreements with customers.
For example, certain Nauto Datasuch as financial and payment information may need to be stored for a number ofyears after payment is made in accordance with applicable tax and corporatelaws.
Nauto may store depersonalized data, indefinitely.
As noted above, Nauto may useface scanning technology and facial recognition software on the data capturedby the Nauto devices in order to create mathematical representations thatcorrespond to images of faces for purposes of identifying employees of Nauto’scustomers.
Nauto’s software may also analyse and collect data from the facialfeatures, driver behavior, posture and movements of persons who appear on datacaptured by Nauto devices, including employees of Nauto’s customers, in orderto ensure safety and to prevent accidents.
Nauto may also collect and storeother information derived from or based upon biological attributes that may beused to identify a person.
Nauto protects all such information using the sameor more strict security procedures that it uses to protect other confidentialand sensitive data.
Generally, Nauto retains suchinformation for no longer than is reasonably necessary.
Subject to legalobligations and restrictions, Nauto will make reasonable, good-faith efforts topermanently destroy all such information pertaining to a person under thefollowing circumstances.
If Nauto has created a Profile for a person and Nauto does not collectinformation corresponding to the person’s Profile for six continuous months.
If three years have passed since the last interaction between Nauto andthe person.
A person who remains employed by a Nauto customer “interacts” withNauto so long as that person remains employed by the Nauto customer.
If Nauto is informed by a customer, in writing, that the person is nolonger employed by the customer.
or.
Ifa person requests, in writing, permanent deletion of all information relatingto that person.
Children’s Information.
The Services are not directed atchildren under 13 years.
If you learn that a child under 13 has provided uswith personal information without parental or guardian consent, please contactus.
Should our Services capture information about children (as passengers oroutside the relevant vehicle), this information will only be processed onbehalf of customers where it is in the vital safety interests of children orthose of others or where the processing is in our customers’ legitimateinterests or those of the children or the public.
International Data Transfers.
If you are using the Services inthe European Union or other regions outside of the United States with lawsgoverning data collection and use that may differ from U.
S.
law, be advisedthat Nauto may transfer your information, Customer Data and Nauto Data to theUnited States and other countries with differing data protection laws anddiffering government agency data access rules.
By using the Services, youexplicitly consent to that transfer.
Nauto Inc.
, complies with the EU-U.
S.
Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.
S.
Department of Commerceregarding the collection, use, and retention of personal informationtransferred from the European Union to the United States.
Nauto has certifiedto the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.
S.
Privacy ShieldFramework.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this Policy and thesePrivacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
To learnmore about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, pleasevisit .
Under the Privacy ShieldPrinciples, Nauto Inc.
has responsibility for the processing of personalinformation it receives under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers toa third party acting as an agent on its behalf.
Nauto complies with the PrivacyShield Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from theE.
U.
, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
Incompliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Nauto commits to resolvecomplaints about our collection or use of your personal information.
EuropeanUnion individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shieldpolicy should first contact Nauto at  If there is a dispute that we are unable toresolve, Nauto has committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints toJAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States.
Ifyou are unsatisfied with the resolution of your complaint, you may contact JAMSat  for further information andassistance.
You may also have the ability, under certain conditions, to invokebinding arbitration for complaints regarding Privacy Shield compliance notresolved by a complaint to Nauto or through JAMS.
More information related tothis arbitration procedure is available at  Nauto is subject to the investigatory andenforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission with respect to itscompliance with the Privacy Shield.
Data Subject Rights.
If your personal data is comprised in Customer Data, then you should contact the customer in relation to any statutory rights you may have to access, rectify, erase, restrict or object to customer’s processing of your data.
If your personal data is comprised in Nauto Data, then you may have rights to rectify, erase, restrict and object to Nauto processing your personal data.
Please use the contact details set out below to contact Nauto Global Limited should you wish to exercise these rights.
You can also access your personal information comprised in the Nauto Data by sending us a request at  After we verify your identity, we will provide you with a copy of this personal information.
If you are based in the European Union, without prejudice to any other rights you may have, you also have the right to file a complaint against Nauto Global Limited with your lead supervisory authority, and also with the Irish Data Protection Commissioner, which is our Lead Supervisory Authority by contacting them at .
Changes to This Privacy Policy.
We may revise this Policy from time to time.
We will provide notice of any changes on this page, and  if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice, for example by contacting our customers.
By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Policy.
Click here for the privacy policy in effect prior to June 5, 2018.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions about Nauto’s Policy or practices and if you are based in the European Union, please contact Nauto Global Limited at or at the address below.
Nauto Global LtdBank of Ireland Workbench39 St Stephen’s GreenDublin 2, D02 HF62, Ireland.
Nauto Global Limited will be the data controller of Nauto Data in relation to its customers in the European Union.
If you have any questions about Nauto’s Policy or practices and if you are based outside the European Union, please contact Nauto Inc.
at or at the address below.
220 Portage AvePalo Alto, CA 94306.
