Products.
Solutions.
News.
Support.
Partners.
About NEXCOM.
台灣.
中国.
日本.
USA.
Privacy Policy.
Privacy and Cookies Notice.
The NEXCOM Online Privacy Statement applies to NEXCOM's and our affiliates' Web sites that link to the Statement.
Below are some of the highlights of the Statement.
Personal Information.
We collect your personal information for various purposes, such as processing your order, corresponding with you, providing you with a subscription or in connection with a job application.
We may combine the information we collect from you with information obtained from other sources to help us improve its overall accuracy and completeness, and to help us better tailor our interactions with you.
In addition, we may also collect information relating to your use of our Web sites through the use of various technologies, including cookies.
We use cookies to store your preferences and other information on your computer in order to save your time by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information, and to display your personalized content.
Uses.
To fulfill your requests by us or by others involved in fulfillment.
To contact you for customer satisfaction surveys, market research or in connection with certain transactions.
To support products or services you have obtained from us.
By NEXCOM and selected organizations for marketing purposes if you have permitted such use.
To personalize your experience while you are on our sites, make navigation easier, and for Web site usage statistics.
Your Choices.
When we collect information from you, you may tell us that you do not want it used for further marketing contact.
You may also turn off cookies in your browser, if you do not wish to receive cookies from the sites.
Your web browser can be set so that you automatically deny the storage of cookies or are informed every time a website requests to be allowed to store a cookie.
Previously stored cookies can also be deleted through the web browser.
However, please note that certain pages of the sites may not function properly if cookies are turned off.
Important Information.
NEXCOM is a member of TRUSTe ( in the United States.
In addition, NEXCOM participates in the EU Safe Harbor Privacy Framework as set forth by the United States Department of Commerce.
As part of our participation in the Safe Harbor, we have agreed to TRUSTe Watchdog dispute resolution for disputes relating to our compliance with the Safe Harbor Privacy Framework.
If you have any complaints regarding our compliance with these aspects of the Safe Harbor, you should first contact us.
If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you may raise your complaint withTRUSTe.
The TRUSTe dispute resolution process will be conducted in English.
