Get Your Free Trial.
CompanyOur HistoryLeadershipPartners.
Our History.
Leadership.
Partners.
Support.
Blog.
News & Events.
Request Demo.
Free Trial.
Company.
Support.
News & Events.
Blog.
Request Demo.
ProductThe Future for Mobile Enterprises is NowWhat is Virtual Mobile Infrastructure (VMI)How it WorksHTML5 SupportKey FeaturesIntegration.
The Future for Mobile Enterprises is Now.
What is Virtual Mobile Infrastructure (VMI).
How it Works.
HTML5 Support.
Key Features.
Integration.
SolutionsPrivateFone Spyware-Proof Mobile DeviceHigh-Security MobilityMobile App VirtualizationPrivateFone Spyware ProtectionMobility as a Service.
PrivateFone Spyware-Proof Mobile Device.
High-Security Mobility.
Mobile App Virtualization.
PrivateFone Spyware Protection.
Mobility as a Service.
Why Nubo.
BenefitsUX over IP.
The Difference is in the PerformanceVMI Vs.
EMM.
Benefits.
UX over IP.
The Difference is in the Performance.
VMI Vs.
EMM.
IndustriesDefenseFinanceHealthcare.
Defense.
Finance.
Healthcare.
ResourcesNubo VMI Product BrochureSecurity White PaperSystem ArchitecturePOC RequirementsEnd User GuideAdmin API.
Nubo VMI Product Brochure.
Security White Paper.
System Architecture.
POC Requirements.
End User Guide.
Admin API.
Privacy & Terms.
Nubo is the owner of the website nubosoftware.
com (“the Website”), in which you can register and receive Our Services or get a License to use our Software.
We respect and protect the privacy of the individuals that use our Website, our Services or get a License to our Software (collectively.
“Our Services”).
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains what information we collect or may collect when you use Our Services and how we use it.
This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the Software as a Service Agreement / EULA, as applicable (“the Agreement”).
Some of the terms hereunder may not apply to you if you are not using Our Services but rather obtained a license to use Our Software products only.
Capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Agreement, unless specifically provided otherwise, hereunder.
What type of information do we collect.
We may collect two types of data and information from our users.
The first type of information is unidentified and non-identifiable information pertaining to a user(s), which may be made available or gathered via the User’s use of Our Services (“Non-personal Information”).
We are not aware of the identity of the User from which the Non-personal Information was collected.
Non-personal Information which is being collected may include your aggregated usage information and technical information transmitted by your device, including certain software and hardware information about your device (e.
g.
the type of browser and operating system your device uses, your Nubo configuration, your database type and your language preference).
The second type of information is individually identifiable information, namely information that identifies an individual or may with reasonable effort identify an individual (“Personal Information”).
This may include your name, telephone number, email address, current occupation or any other information you submit by your use of Our Services.
Cookies and Other Technologies.
We use cookies and other technologies in Our Services, including when you visit our Website.
A “cookie” is a small piece of information that a website assigns to your device while you are viewing a web site.
Cookies are very helpful and can be used for various purposes.
These purposes include allowing you to navigate between pages efficiently, enable automatic activation of certain features, remembering your preferences and making the interaction between you and Our Services quicker and easier.
In the course of its normal and routine operation, we collect Non-Personal Information that enables Nubo to properly provide or advise you with regard to relevant notifications made by Nubo.
We gather this information automatically and store it in log files.
How may we use the information we collect.
In order to get Our Services, you must provide Personal Information.
This information is collected primarily for the purposes of enabling you to receive Our Services requested by you and to identify and authenticate your access to certain features of the Service.
We may transfer or disclose Personal Information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies, subcontractors or such other trusted third party service providers or partners, who are located in different jurisdictions across the world, for the purpose of.
(a) storing or processing such information on our behalf or to assist us with our business operations and to provide and improve Our Services.
(b) performing research, technical diagnostics, analytics or statistical purposes.
We may disclose Personal Information, or any information you submitted via Our services if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is helpful or reasonably necessary to.
(i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
(ii) enforce our policies (including our Agreement), including investigations of potential violations thereof.
(iii) investigate, detect, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or other wrongdoing, suspected fraud or security issues.
(iv) to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims.
(v) prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users, yourself or any third party.
or (vi) for the purpose of collaborating with law enforcement agencies and/or in case we find it necessary in order to enforce intellectual property or other legal rights.
Advertisements and Offers.
We may use Personal Information (e.
g.
email address) to communicate with you and to keep you informed of our latest product announcements, software updates or commercial offers.
We may use such information to answer your questions, troubleshoot problems and enforce our Agreement.
If you wish, at any time, to remove your email address from any of the above mentioned email mailing lists and stop receiving future email communications from us, other than the emails directly related to the Service functionality/Software, you may unsubscribe by an email to.
For your convenience, email communication from us contains instructions regarding how to unsubscribe from Our email mailing lists.
Our policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you.
To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties on our System/Software or other sites throughout the internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals whom we do not employ or manage, including any of the third parties to which we may disclose information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Accordingly, we encourage you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each Third Party Services that you choose to use or interact with.
For how long do we retain the information we collect.
We may rectify, replenish or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at our own discretion.
We value your privacy and control over your Personal Information, and therefore you may, at any time, change, update or remove your Personal Information by contacting us at .
You are entitled to access Personal Information pertaining to you that is contained in our database.
Any user who examines such information and finds it to be inaccurate, incomplete, unclear, outdated, or in a case your information is being used for purposes of personally soliciting you for commercial purposes, you may contact us with a request to correct, amend or delete the data.
Please note that unless you instruct us otherwise we retain the information we collect for as long as needed to provide Our Services and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Any information required by Nubo for conducting its business – including documentation of commercial and other activities performed by you as part of Our Services – shall continue to be legally stored by Nubo (if it chooses to do so).
How do we safeguard your information.
We take great care in implementing and maintaining the security of Our Services and your Personal Information.
We employ industry standard procedures and policies to ensure the safety of our users’ Personal Information, and prevent unauthorized use of any such information.
Although we take reasonable steps to safeguard information, we cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access or abuse Our Services, and we make no warranty, express, implied or otherwise, that we will prevent such access.
If you feel that your privacy was treated not in accordance with our policy, or if any person attempted to abuse Our Services or acted in an inappropriate manner, please contact us directly at .
Affiliates and corporate transaction.
We may share your Personal Information, with our parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively “affiliated companies”).
We may share information, including Personal Information, in the event of a corporate transaction (e.
g.
sale of a substantial part of our business, merger, consolidation or asset sale).
In the event of the above, our affiliated companies or acquiring company will assume the rights and obligations as described in this Privacy Policy.
Updates or amendments to the Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to periodically amend or revise the Privacy Policy.
material changes will be effective immediately upon the display of the revised Privacy Policy.
The last revision will be reflected in the “Last Revised” heading.
Your continued use of Our Services, following the notification of such amendments on our website, constitutes your acknowledgement and consent of such amendments to the Privacy Policy and your agreement to be bound by the terms of such amendments.
Please feel free to send us any questions you may have regarding this statement at .
Last updated.
October 2015.
Mobile Devices.
Linux Remote Desktop.
About Us.
Careers.
Leadership.
Privacy & Terms.
Contact Us.
Follow Us.
Contact Us         Phone.
+1-646-343-9099.
Copyright © 2022, Nubo Software Ltd.
Privacy Overview.
