Join the Summer Product Preview Party to see what's new with Nextech + WIN prizes.
Sales 800.
868.
3694.
For Clients.
Implementation.
Support Experience.
Practice Consulting.
Blog.
About.
Leadership.
Connected Solutions.
Upcoming Events.
National User Conference.
Associations.
Careers.
Press Releases.
Industry News.
Contact.
Nextech Privacy Policy.
Nextech Patient API Access.
Last Modified.
September 16, 2021.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION.
1.
1 CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a new version online.
You should check this page occasionally to review any changes.
If we make any material changes we will submit notification by posting the revised Privacy Policy on our website.
This helps you to always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, it is disclosed.
Your continued use of this websites and/or continued provision of Personal Information to us will be subject to the terms of the most current Privacy Policy.
1.
2 CONTACT US.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our treatment of the information you provide us, please write to us by email at or by mail to Nextech Systems, 4221 W Boy Scout Blvd.
, Suite 200, Tampa, FL 33607 USA, Attn.
Privacy.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT.
2.
1 WHEN YOU VISIT OUR WEBSITE.
You are free to explore this website without providing any information about yourself.
However, should you choose to provide Personal Information about yourself, we may collect that information for sales purposes or navigational data.
2.
2 "PERSONAL INFORMATION".
This refers to any information that you voluntarily submit to us and that identifies you personally, including contact information, such as your name, e-mail address, company name, address, phone number, and other information about yourself or your business.
Personal Information can also include information about any transactions, both free and paid, that you enter into on the Websites, and information about you that is available on the internet, such as from Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Google, or publicly available information that we acquire from service providers.
2.
3 "NAVIGATIONAL INFORMATION".
This refers to information about your computer and your visits to this website such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and pages viewed.
2.
4 INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN/MINORS.
This website is not intended for or targeted at children below legal age, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about minors.
If you believe that we may have unintentionally collected information about a minor child who has visited our site, please contact us at so that we may delete the information.
HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION.
HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION.
3.
1 COMPLIANCE WITH OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
We use the information we collect only in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Any third parties or associated entities are also obligated through our agreements with them to comply with this Privacy Policy.
3.
2 WE NEVER SELL PERSONAL INFORMATION.
We will never sell your Personal Information to any third party.
3.
3 USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may use your Personal Information to.
(a) improve your browsing experience by personalizing the website.
(b) send information to you which we think may be of interest to you by post, email, or other means.
(c) send you marketing communications relating to our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you, and (d) provide other companies with statistical information about our users—but this information will not be used to identify any individual user.
We may, from time to time, contact you about a particular offering that may be of interest to you.
In addition, we may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis or provide customer support.
Such third parties are prohibited from using your Personal Information except for these purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
3.
4 CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS AND COMMENTS.
We sometimes post customer testimonials and comments on our website, which may contain Personal Information.
However, we will always obtain each customer's expressed consent prior to posting any customer's name and testimonial.
3.
5 SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
We secure any Personal Information provided to us on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment that is protected from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
When Personal Information (such as a name, location, and/or place of business) is collected on our website and/or transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
3.
6 SOCIAL MEDIA FEATURES.
Some pages on this website include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the LinkedIn Share This button, Twitter share button, or other such interactive mini-programs that allow our content to be shared on social media sites.
These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to these features.
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies and other policies of the specific companies providing them.
3.
7 EXTERNAL WEBSITES.
Some areas on this website may provide links to other websites.
We do not control, and are not responsible for, the content or practices of these linked websites.
Our provision of such links does not constitute our endorsement of these other websites, their content, their owners, or their practices.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to these other websites, which are subject to their own privacy policies and any other policies they may have.
3.
8 PUBLIC FORUMS.
This website offers publicly accessible comments sections, blogs, and other similar forums.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose any information through our comments sections, blogs, or other similar forums, this information may become publicly searchable and could be collected and used by others.
We will correct or delete any information posted by visitors to our website, if requested, as described in "Opting Out and Unsubscribing” (Section 5.
1).
3.
9 RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.
Nextech reserves the right to retain your Personal Information if it has been voluntarily provided by you to this website, as long as we consider it potentially useful in contacting you about our services.
After use, this information will be securely deleted.
We will delete this information from the servers at an earlier date, if requested, as described in "Opting Out and Unsubscribing” (Section 5.
1).
3.
10 INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF INFORMATION.
To facilitate current or future global operations, we may transfer and access voluntarily provided Personal Information from around the world, including the United States.
This Privacy Policy shall apply even if we transfer Personal Information to/from other countries.
3.
11 CORPORATE EVENTS.
If we (or our assets) are acquired by another company, whether by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or otherwise, that company would receive all information gathered by Nextech on this website.
3.
12 COMPELLED DISCLOSURE.
We reserve the right to use or disclose the Personal Information of our website visitors if compelled to do so by law or if we reasonably believe that the use or disclosure of said Personal Information is necessary to protect our legal rights or to comply with a law, court order, or legal process.
NAVIGATIONAL INFORMATION.
NAVIGATIONAL INFORMATION.
4.
1 COOKIES.
This website may use "cookies" to help personalize the online experience of visitors.
A cookie is a text file that is placed on a visitor’s hard disk by a Web server.
Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
These cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time.
The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page.
For example, if you comment on a page of this website, or register for a consultation, a cookie may be used to help us recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
When you return to the website, the information you previously provided can be quickly and easily retrieved.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies.
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies if that is your preference.
If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the website.
Nextech may track the pages you visit within this website, in order to determine what portions of the website are the most popular or most used.
This data is used to deliver customized content and promotions within the Nextech website to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular product or service.
4.
2 LOG FILES.
We may collect demographic information, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites, using log files that are not associated with your name or other personally identifying information.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that may be automatically collected by us.
This information can include.
IP address, browser type, domain names, access times, and referring website addresses.
This information is used to maintain quality of our website, products, and services, as well as to provide general statistics regarding use of the Nextech website.
For certain purposes, we may link this automatically-collected data to Personal Information (if it has been voluntarily provided) such as name, email address, address, and phone number.
4.
3 CLEAR GIFS (WEB BEACONS/WEB BUGS).
We employ a software technology called clear gifs (a.
k.
a.
Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that helps us better manage this website by informing us what content is effective.
Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users.
In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages or in emails and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence.
We use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients.
This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
We tie the information gathered by clear gifs in emails to our customers' Personal Information.
If you would like to opt-out of these emails, please see "Opting Out and Unsubscribing” (Section 5.
1).
4.
4 FLASH COOKIES AND OTHER THIRD PARTY TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES.
The Adobe Flash Player (and similar applications) use technology to remember settings, preferences and usage similar to browser cookies but these are managed through a different interface than the one provided by your Web browser.
This technology creates locally stored objects that are often referred to as "Flash cookies.
" Nextech does not use Flash cookies.
Therefore, the use of these technologies is not covered by our privacy statement.
Nextech does not have access or control over any third-party tracking technologies.
4.
5 THIRD PARTY TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES.
The use of cookies and web beacons by any tracking utility company is not covered by our privacy statement.
We do not have access or control over these third-party tracking technologies.
OPTING OUT AND UNSUBSCRIBING.
OPTING OUT AND UNSUBSCRIBING.
5.
1 REVIEWING, CORRECTING AND REMOVING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
If you provide us with your Personal Information, you have the following rights with respect to that information.
To review the user information that you have supplied to us.
To request that we correct any errors, outdated information, or omissions in user information that you have supplied to us.
To request that your user information not be used to contact you.
To request that your user information be removed from any solicitation list that we use.
To request that your user information be deleted from our records.
To opt out of being solicited by Nextech or third parties.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at or by mail to Nextech Systems, 4221 W Boy Scout Blvd.
, Suite 200, Tampa, FL 33607 USA, Attn.
Privacy.
We will promptly change, correct, or delete your information and notify you of the action we have taken.
5.
2 ANTI-SPAM POLICY.
Nextech will not use this website to in any way (whether directly or indirectly) send, transmit, handle, distribute, or deliver the following forms of SPAM.
Unsolicited emails in violation of the CAN-SPAM Act or any other law.
Email to an address obtained via Internet harvesting methods or any surreptitious methods (for example, scraping or harvesting).
Email to an address that is incomplete, inaccurate, and/or not update for all applicable opt-out notifications, using best efforts and best practice sin the industry.
Commercial electronic messages in violation of Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation.
If you feel that Nextech, or a member of our team, is not adhering to the above requirements, please contact us by email at or by mail to Nextech Systems, 4221 W Boy Scout Blvd.
, Suite 200, Tampa, FL 33607 USA, Attn.
Privacy.
We will promptly ensure that any such violations of this Anti-Spam Policy are immediately ceased.
5.
3 TO UNSUBSCRIBE FROM OUR COMMUNICATIONS.
You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of our e-mails, or by sending us an email us at or by mail to Nextech Systems, 4221 W Boy Scout Blvd.
, Suite 200, Tampa, FL 33607 USA, Attn.
Privacy.
Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their account with us or any Nextech services they may be using.
4221 W Boy Scout Blvd, Suite 350Tampa, FL 33607866.
654.
4396.
Solutions.
Ophthalmology.
Plastic Surgery.
Dermatology.
Orthopedics.
Services.
Implementation.
Support Experience.
Practice Consulting.
Company.
About.
Connected Solutions.
Associations.
Careers.
Contact.
Resources.
Resource Center.
Developers Portal.
Compliance.
ONC Health IT.
EMV.
Security & HIPAA.
© 2022 Nextech Systems, LLC | Privacy.
