Privacy.
HEAVY.
AI Privacy Notice.
Updated as HEAVY.
AI 1 March 2022 (Previous Version as OmniSci 27 September 2018).
‍.
This Privacy Notice that covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your personal information.
This Privacy Notice applies to HEAVY.
AI Inc.
(“HEAVY.
AI” or “we” or “us”) and any affiliated companies, and to the websites available under the domain heavy.
ai (together, the “Site”), and to HEAVY.
AI and the use of HEAVY.
AI® services available through the Site and its software products (collectively, the “Products”).
Additional or different terms may apply to use of HEAVY.
AI products and services provided pursuant to a written license or services agreement, or to employment-related personal information.
1.
Collection and Use of Personal Information.
“Personal information” is data or information that can be used to identify or contact an individual.
You may be asked to provide your personal information any time you are in contact with HEAVY.
AI.
We may share this information with our affiliates and they may use it consistently with this Privacy Notice.
You are not required to provide the personal information that we request, but, if you choose not to do so, we may not be able to provide you with our Products or respond to any inquiries you may have.
Below are some examples of the types of personal information HEAVY.
AI may collect and how we may use it.
1.
1.
What Personal Information We Collect.
When you request information, download or access software, or participate in an online forum, we may collect a variety of information, including your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and contact preferences.
If you invite others to participate in HEAVY.
AI Products or forums, HEAVY.
AI may collect the information you provide about those people such as name, mailing address, email address, and phone number.
1.
2.
How We Use Your Personal Information.
The personal information we collect allows us to keep you posted on HEAVY.
AI's latest product announcements, software updates, and upcoming events.
If you don't want to be on our mailing list, you can opt out any time by clicking on the applicable unsubscribe buttons in each marketing email or contacting us directly with your request (see Section 12, below).
We may use your personal information to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies, and to provide support and maintenance for our Products.
Because this information is important to your interaction with HEAVY.
AI, you may not opt out of receiving these communications.
We use personal information to help us create, develop, operate, deliver, and improve our products, services, and content, and for anti-fraud purposes.
We may also use personal information for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and customer communications.
If we combine non-personal information with personal information, the combined information will be treated as personal information for as long as it includes personal information.
1.
3.
Collection and Use of Additional Information.
We also collect data in a form that does not, on its own, permit direct association with any specific individual.
We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose.
The following are some examples of non-personal information that we may collect and how we may use it.
We may collect information such as language, zip code, area code, unique device identifier, referrer URL, location, and the time zone where a HEAVY.
AI Product is used so that we can better understand customer behavior and improve our products and services.
We may collect information regarding customer activities on the Site and from our other Products and services.
This information is aggregated and used to help us provide more useful information to our customers and to understand which parts of the Site, Products, and services are of most interest.
Aggregated data is considered non-personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Notice.
We may collect and store details of how you use our Products, including searches.
This information may be used to improve the relevancy of results provided by our Products and the Site.
2.
Cookies and Other Technologies.
HEAVY.
AI's Site, online services, Products, email messages, and advertisements may use "cookies" and other technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons.
These technologies help us better understand user behavior, tell us which parts of the Sites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the delivery of our Products.
We treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as non-personal information.
However, to the extent that IP addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal information.
We also gather some information automatically and store it in log files.
This information may include IP addresses, browser type and language, Internet service provider (ISP), referring and exit websites and applications, operating system, date/time stamp, clickstream data, state change information, and metadata.
We use this information to understand and analyze trends, to administer the services and Products, to learn about user behavior on the site, to improve our Product and services, and to gather demographic information about our user base.
HEAVY.
AI also uses cookies and other technologies to remember personal information when you use the Site or our online Products.
Knowing your country and language helps us provide a customized and more useful access to our Products.
If you want to disable cookies, most browsers will permit you to do so.
Please note that certain features of the HEAVY.
AI website will not be available once cookies are disabled.
In some of our email messages, we may use a “click-through URL” linked to content on the HEAVY.
AI website.
When users click one of these URLs, they may pass through a separate web server before arriving at the destination page on the Site.
We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications.
If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click text or graphic links in the email messages.
Pixel tags enable us to send email messages in a format customers can read, and they tell us whether mail has been opened.
We may use this information to streamline and focus messages sent to customers and others.
3.
Disclosure to Third Parties.
3.
1.
Service Providers.
HEAVY.
AI's Site, online services, Products, email messages, and advertisements may use "cookies" and other technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons.
These technologies help us better understand user behavior, tell us which parts of the Sites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the delivery of our Products.
We treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as non-personal information.
However, to the extent that IP addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal information.
3.
2.
Strategic Partners.
HEAVY.
AI may make certain personal information available to strategic partners that work with HEAVY.
AI to provide products and services, or that help HEAVY.
AI market to customers.
Personal information will only be shared by HEAVY.
AI to provide or improve our Products and services subject to this Privacy Notice, and it will not be shared with third parties for their marketing purposes.
3.
3.
Per Your Request.
In certain cases, you may request that we provide some of your personal information to a third party.
For example, if you ask us to forward a white paper to a third party, then we will provide some personal information to the third party so he or she will know why we are communicating.
3.
4.
Others.
It may be necessary — by law, legal process, litigation, or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence — for HEAVY.
AI to disclose your personal information.
We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate.
We may also disclose information about you if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or protect our operations or users.
In the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale, we may transfer any personal information we collect to the relevant third parties.
4.
Protection of Personal Information.
HEAVY.
AI protects your personal information during transit to the Site using encryption such as Transport Layer Security (TLS).
When your personal data is stored by HEAVY.
AI, we use computer systems with limited access housed in facilities using physical security measures.
Except for logs with IP addresses, your personal information is stored in encrypted form including when we utilize third party storage.
HEAVY.
AI takes reasonable physical, electronic and administrative measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, damage, or destruction.
No method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure, however.
Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information.
When you use some HEAVY.
AI Products, services, or applications or post on a HEAVY.
AI forum, chat room, or social networking service, the personal information and content you choose to share is visible to other users and can be read, collected, or used by them.
You are responsible for the personal information you choose to share or submit in these instances.
For example, if you list your name and email address in a forum posting, that information is public.
Please take care when using these features.
5.
Access to Personal Information.
Integrity and Retention of Personal Information.
We will provide you with a copy of your personal information we hold upon your request.
You may also request that we correct inaccurate data or delete data about you if HEAVY.
AI is not required to retain it by law or for legitimate business purposes.
We may decline to process requests that are frivolous or vexatious, jeopardize the privacy of others, or for which access is not otherwise required by local law.
Access, correction, or deletion requests can be made by contacting HEAVY.
AI (see Section 12, below).
6.
Children.
Children under the age of 13, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, are not permitted to use the Products.
We do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information from children under 13, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction.
If we learn that we have collected the personal information of a child under 13, or equivalent minimum age depending on jurisdiction, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
Please contact us with any such information (see Section 12, below).
7.
Location-Based Services.
To provide location-based services on HEAVY.
AI Products, HEAVY.
AI and our partners and licensees may collect, use, and share precise location data, including the real-time geographic location of your computer, browser, or HEAVY.
AI device.
Where available, location-based services may use GPS, Bluetooth, and your IP address, along with crowd-sourced Wi-Fi hotspot and cell tower locations, and other technologies to determine your devices' approximate location.
Unless you provide consent, this location data is collected anonymously in a form that does not personally identify you and is used by OmniSci and our partners and licensees to provide and improve location-based products and services.
For example, your device may share its geographic location with application providers when you opt in to their location services.
8.
Third-Party Sites and Services.
The Site and HEAVY.
AI Products, applications, and services may contain links to third-party websites, products, and services.
Our Products and services may also use or offer products or services from third parties — for example, a third-party service developed using our products or distributions of HEAVY.
AI products.
Information collected by third parties, which may include such things as location data or contact details, is governed by their privacy practices which HEAVY.
AI does not control.
We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those third parties.
9.
International Users (Outside the United States).
Information you provide or make available may be transferred or accessed by entities around the world as described in this Privacy Notice.
HEAVY.
AI primarily uses servers and service providers located in the United States.
If you do not want your personal information transferred to the United States, do not use the Products.
10.
California Privacy Disclosures.
Do Not Track.
HEAVY.
AI does not respond to Do Not Track signals.
In connection with marketing activities, HEAVY.
AI may track its customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising.
In addition, you should understand that some third-party sites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you.
Shine the Light.
As described above (see Section 3), HEAVY.
AI does not provide your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes and our relationships with individuals are not primarily for personal, family, or household purposes.
Accordingly, the disclosure provisions of California Civil Code Section 1798.
83 do not apply.
11.
Updates to Privacy Notice.
HEAVY.
AI may update this Privacy Notice from time to time.
When we change the policy or statement in a material way, a notice will be posted on our Site along with the updated Privacy Notice.
Any changes to this Privacy Notice will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Notice on the Site.
Your use of the Products following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Notice.
12.
Contact HEAVY.
AI.
If you have any questions or concerns about HEAVY.
AI's Privacy Notice or if you have a concern about a possible breach of local privacy laws, please contact us.
All such communications are examined and replies issued where appropriate as soon as possible.
If you are unsatisfied with the reply received, you may refer your complaint to the relevant regulator in your jurisdiction.
Contact.
HEAVY.
AI  Inc.
1 Front Street, Suite 2650  San Francisco, California 94111 USA  Email.
.
Privacy Notice Updated.
27 September 2018.
‍.
