Navegación principal.
Home.
About us.
ServicesTransformationTeams as a ServiceExperience DesignAll ChannelArchitectureDigital Assurance.
Transformation.
Teams as a Service.
Experience Design.
All Channel.
Architecture.
Digital Assurance.
Case Studies.
Blog.
Partners.
Join us.
Contact us.
Privacy Policy.
By this legal notice, Opentrends Solucions i Sistemes S.
L, hereinafter, OPENTRENDS, with registered office at C / Venezuela 105, 4th floor Edificio TEC22 (08019 Barcelona-Spain), informs the users that visit the website  of its Privacy Policy and describes what data it collects, how it uses it and the options of users in relation to the processing of personal data, including how to access and update it.
The use of the OPENTRENDS website and any of the services incorporated into it implies full acceptance of the conditions that are expressed in this privacy policy.
For the purposes of compliance with data privacy laws in the United States, OPENTRENDS will be represented by Opentrends Inc.
a Delaware corporation.
1.
Data collection and consent.
In compliance with Regulation Organic Law 3/2018, of December 5, Protection of Personal Data and digital rights guarantee (LOPD-GDD), we inform that the personal data requested in our forms or, that can be provided to us through our addresses of electronic mail, will be included in our Registries of Treatment Activities whose responsible and owner is OPENTRENDS.
Likewise, when a user completes any of the forms with the personal data requested, accepts the shipment or sends us an electronic message with their personal data, authorizes OPENTRENDS to use and incorporate the personal data provided into our files.
In addition, the personal data generated in relation to your participation, use of the different products or services offered on this website, although with a revocable nature, and without retroactive effects, the user accepts the conditions of the processing of their personal data expressed below.
OPENTRENDS is not responsible for the processing of personal data of web pages, which the user can access through the various links on our website.
This website is governed exclusively by the rules applicable to the Spanish State, which are subject people, both national and foreign, who use this website.
Likewise, when a user completes any of the forms with the personal data requested, under the RGPD, he must grant an unequivocal and explicit consent, with a revocable nature, and without retroactive effects.
2.
Legal basis for the processing of personal data.
We inform you that all personal data will be treated with the maxim confidentiality and in accordance with the new European regulations on the protection of personal data.
The applicable legislation for the collection and processing of personal data is as follows.
•    Organic Law 3/2018, of December 5, Protection of Personal Data and digital rights guarantee (LOPD-GDD).
•    Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of April 27th, 2016 (RGPD).
If users do not feel protected in their personal rights, they may file a complaint to the Spanish Data Protection Agency.
3.
Purposes of treatment.
The data we request is adequate and necessary for the purpose for which it is collected, will not be used for a purpose other than that for which they have been granted, and in no case will be transferred to third parties without the consent of the owner.
The user is not obliged to provide their personal data, however, they are absolutely necessary to carry out the services we offer.
In accordance with Regulation Organic Law 3/2018, of December 5, Protection of Personal Data and digital rights guarantee (LOPD-GDD), the purpose for which personal data are collected is.
Provide information, through their forms, to contact persons about their products and activities that are carried out by OPENTRENDS.
Unless specifically stated otherwise, it will be considered necessary to fill in all the fields of each form, for which the user will have to provide us with his true, exact, complete and updated information.
The user is the only responsible for any loss or damage, indirect or indirect, caused to OPENTRENDS or any third party, by filling in the forms with false, inaccurate, incomplete, without update data or data from third parties.
4.
Right of access, rectification, suppression, limitation, portability and opposition of personal data of the user.
In accordance with the rights of the Organic Law 3/2018, of December 5, Protection of Personal Data and digital rights guarantee (LOPD-GDD), the user has the right to access the information that concerns him, compiled in the files of the owner of the website, rectify it if it is erroneous, cancel it or oppose its processing, in the terms established by the Law, by contacting the owner of the website by email to.
OPENTRENDS by email or through a letter addressed to C/ Venezuela 105, 4th floor.
Building TEC22 (08019 Barcelona-Spain), attaching the DNI, or accompanying a document accrediting the entity that represents.
It is important that, in order to keep the personal data updated, it is always reported to the owner of the website that there has been some modifications of the user.
Otherwise, OPENTRENDS, does not answer for the veracity of the same.
If the user does not cancel their personal data, expressly, OPENTRENDS files means that the owner is still interested in being incorporated to them, while it is appropriate for the purpose with which they were obtained and that it considers appropriate.
Exercise of Rights.
Articles 12-18 LOPD-GDD.
Right of Access (Article 13 LOPD-GDD).
The user has the right to access the information that concerns him, compiled in the provider's records, in the terms established by the Law, through the exercise of his personal rights, regulated in the legislation mentioned in this section.
In order to exercise the Right of Access, any user has the right to have the owner of the website confirm the information they have about their personal data.
The user will have the right to obtain a copy of the personal data that is the object of the treatment, and may even be given remote access to them.
Right of Rectification (Article 14 LOPD-GDD).
As for the right of rectification, it is offered the possibility of rectifying personal data that are inaccurate and that concern the owner.
The interested party will have the right to complete personal data that are incomplete, as long as it is not attributable to the owner of the website.
Right of Suppression (Article 15 LOPD-GDD).
The right of suppression, the user requests that their personal data would be deleted from the database of the owner of the same.
The Right to Oblivion is not considered an autonomous right or differentiated from the classic ARCO rights, but is the consequence of the application of the right to the deletion of personal data.
As such, it is a manifestation of the cancellation or opposition rights in the online environment.
Therefore, the user will have the power to request the deletion of their personal data in a technological environment, through the so-called right to be forgotten.
Right of limitation (Art.
16 LOPD-GDD)In accordance with the provisions of Article 16 of Organic Law 3/2018, of December 5, on the Protection of Personal Data and guarantee of digital rights, the interested party has the right to exercise it before the controller, in the following cases.
•    The interested party challenges the accuracy of the personal data, during a period that allows the responsible to verify its accuracy.
•    The treatment is unlawful and the interested party opposes the deletion of personal data and, instead of deleting it, requests that the use be limited.
•    The person in charge no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the treatment, but the interested party needs them to formulate, exercise or defend claims.
•    The interested party has opposed the processing of their personal data, while verifying if the legitimate reasons of the responsible party prevail over those of the interested party.
While the limitation lasts, the person in charge can only keep the data of the interested party, without doing any treatment, in the following cases.
With the consent of the person concerned.
•    To formulate, exercise or defend claims.
•    To protect the rights of another natural or legal person.
•    For reasons of important public interest, of the Union or of the corresponding Member State.
The responsible person will communicate the limitation to each one of the addressees, unless it is impossible or requires disproportionate efforts.
If the interested party requests it, the person in charge must identify the target persons.
Portability right (Art.
17 LOPD-GDD)In accordance with the provisions of Article 17 of Organic Law 3/2018, of December 5, on the Protection of Personal Data and guarantee of digital rights, the interested party has the right to exercise it before the person responsible for the treatment, in the following cases.
•    The treatment is based on the consent or on a contract.
•    The treatment is done by automated means.
The interested party requests it with respect to the data that has been provided to the person responsible and that affect him, including those derived from the same activity of the interested party.
The interested party requests that the exercise of his right be transmitted directly to the person in charge if it is technically possible.
Limitations.
this right can not be exercised, when the treatment is based on the fulfillment of a mission of public interest or inherent to the exercise of public power.
The data must be transmitted within a month in a commonly used format, mechanical reading and structured format.
In the event that this period has to be extended, the user must be informed of the time of delivery of the personal data.
If this request for opposition is not addressed, the user has the right to file a timely claim with the Spanish Agency for Data Protection.
Right of Opposition (Article 18 LOPD-GDD)The right of opposition, the interested party has the right, at any time to stop their personal data from being treated, in the context of the services of the information society.
You can exercise your rights by automated means.
5.
Security of personal data.
The security measures required by the Organic Law 3/2018, of December 5, Protection of Personal Data and digital rights guarantee (LOPD-GDD), establishes that those responsible for and in charge of processing must take the appropriate technical and organizational measures, in order to guarantee the level of risk assumed in the processing of personal data.
This means that, in this web page, the protection of personal data from the design and by default, security measures have been duly taken, with the application of the forms in the collection of personal data, requesting the consent of the user and the acceptance of this privacy policy.
With the aforementioned OPENTRENDS technical and organizational measures, it is offering full compliance with the Organic Law 3/2018, of December 5, Protection of Personal Data and digital rights guarantee (LOPD-GDD), in order to guarantee the treatment of personal data for each of the specified purposes.
In this way, the treatments of the personal data that are being carried out are determined and applied, under the Organic Law 3/2018, of December 5, Protection of Personal Data and digital rights guarantee (LOPD-GDD).
OPENTRENDS informs that it has adopted all the necessary technical and organizational measures to safeguard the security of files containing personal data, as required by current regulations.
6.
Commercial communications by email.
In compliance with the current regulations, which prohibits the sending of commercial communications by means of electronic mail that previously have not been expressly authorized by the recipients.
In accordance with Organic Law 3/2018, of December 5, on the Protection of Personal Data and guarantee of digital rights, if the user wishes to receive commercial information, he must give his explicit and unambiguous consent, through our website, or by email.
For this you can contact.
OPENTRENDS by email or through a letter addressed to C/ Venezuela 105, 4th floor.
Building TEC22 (08019 Barcelona-Spain), attaching the DNI, or accompanying a document accrediting the entity that represents.
7.
Modification of the confidentiality policy.
OPENTRENDS reserves the right in the future to modify its data protection policy in accordance with its criteria, or because of a change in legislation, jurisprudence or business practice.
If OPENTRENDS introduces some modifications, the new text will be published in this same page, where the user may have knowledge of the data protection policy.
In any case, the relationship with the user will be governed by the rules provided at the precise moment in which the website is accessed and, therefore, it is mandatory to read them each time you provide us with your information through our website.
The use of the present web page attributes to the person who makes use of it the condition of user, who accepts the present conditions of which he has had the opportunity to take knowledge.
Pie de página.
Home.
Legal Warning.
Privacy Policy.
Cookies Policy.
