+1 (450) 562-0745.
Home.
SolutionsCap Lining MachinesStacking and packingTurn-key automated assembly machinesSmall parts feeding.
Cap Lining Machines.
Stacking and packing.
Turn-key automated assembly machines.
Small parts feeding.
IndustriesPlastic MoldingHealth & Beauty CareCosmeticsLife SciencesTransportation EquipmentOther Industries.
Plastic Molding.
Health & Beauty Care.
Cosmetics.
Life Sciences.
Transportation Equipment.
Other Industries.
Featured Insights.
About us.
Contact us.
Français.
Privacy Policy.
Home.
Privacy Policy.
Notice.
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for  website.
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site.
We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you.
We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us.
We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.
g.
to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Access to and Control Over Information.
If you have an account on this site or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us.
You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you.
This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
If you are located in certain countries, including those that fall under the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation (AKA the “GDPR”), data protection laws give you rights with respect to your personal data, subject to any exemptions provided by the law, including the rights to.
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction or deletion of your personal data.
Object to our use and processing of your personal data.
Request that we limit our use and processing of your personal data.
and.
Request portability of your personal data.
You can usually access, correct, or delete your personal data using your account settings and tools that we offer by contacting our services.
EU individuals also have the right to make a complaint to a government supervisory authority.
Security.
We take precautions to protect your information.
When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.
You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at +1 (450) 562-0745 ext.
247 or via email at .
Cookies.
We use “cookies” on this site.
A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site.
For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to login a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site.
Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Learn more about it in our Cookies page.
Sharing.
We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers.
This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
And/or.
We use external shipping companies to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services.
These companies do not store, share, store, or use any personally identifiable information for any other purpose than the processing of your order.
To date, Orientech does not use online credit card processing companies to invoice products and services to users.
In case of change, they will have to apply the same rules previously listed.
Links.
This website contains links to other sites.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests.
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests.
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information.
Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level).
Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
About Orientech.
For over 25 years, Orientech has been developing, designing and manufacturing custom automated equipment delivered in Canada, USA and Mexico.
We specialize in creating small parts positioning and assembly systems.
Navigation.
Home.
SolutionsCap Lining MachinesStacking and packingTurn-key automated assembly machinesSmall parts feeding.
Cap Lining Machines.
Stacking and packing.
Turn-key automated assembly machines.
Small parts feeding.
IndustriesPlastic MoldingHealth & Beauty CareCosmeticsLife SciencesTransportation EquipmentOther Industries.
Plastic Molding.
Health & Beauty Care.
Cosmetics.
Life Sciences.
Transportation Equipment.
Other Industries.
Featured Insights.
About us.
Contact us.
Français.
Working Hours.
Visit us at our factory with our Engineering team.
RECENT NEWS.
6 WAYS TO AVOID AUTOMATED ASSEMBLY LINE DOWNTIME.
IMPLEMENT A PREVENTIVE MAINTENANCE STRATEGY TO ENHANCE PRODUCTION.
PACKAGING AUTOMATION INCREASES EFFICIENCY AND SAFETY FOR LIFE SCIENCES.
