cookies.
Personal Information.
California Privacy.
Opting-Out.
Information Correction.
Privacy policy.
Updated as of February 1, 2021.
This Privacy Policy explains how OSIsoft, LLC and its subsidiaries (“OSIsoft,” “we,” “our,” and “us”) may collect, use, secure and disclose information that personally identifies you (“Personal Information”).
It also describes your choices regarding use,access and correction of your Personal Information.
Such Personal Information may include, but is not limited to, your name, phone number, street address, and email address.
OSIsoft is committed to respecting your privacy rights when you provide such information or visit any of the OSIsoft web sites (collectively, the “Site”), such as this one.
To protect your Personal Information, OSIsoft has created the guidelines outlinedbelow.
Understanding that Internet technologies are rapidly evolving, any changes to this policy will be promptly posted on this page, with an updated “effective date” posted at the end of this policy.
By accessing our Site or otherwise providingyour Personal Information to us, you agree to and consent to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected.
We collect the following categories of Personal Information from you in connection with our products and services.
Personal Information in certain categories may overlap with other categories.
Identifiers, such as your real name, account name, Internet Protocol address, email address, and other similar identifiers.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute, including physical address, telephone number, and financial information used to process payment.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as your gender and age, but only for OSIsoft employees or applicants for employment.
Commercial information, such as the records of products and services purchased, obtained, and considered from OSIsoft.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as information concerning your interaction with our Site.
Geolocation data, such as address information you provide to us.
Sensory data, such as audio information for recorded technical support interactions.
Professional or employment-related information, such as your current or past job history.
Inferences drawn from other Personal Information, such as your work in a particular industry.
You may provide Personal Information to OSIsoft in a variety of ways.
While visiting the Site, we may ask you to register and/or provide Personal Information for purposes of interacting with the Site.
As other examples, OSIsoft may receive Personal Informationwhen you.
Provide or update licensing or account information.
Register for or attend OSIsoft-hosted or sponsored promotions and events (such as conferences, tradeshows or webinars).
Order or use OSIsoft products, services or other offerings.
Communicate with OSIsoft for service or maintenance of OSIsoft products or services.
Submit an application for employment with OSIsoft.
When collecting Personal Information, we will specifically describe what information is required in order to provide you with the product or service, enter you in the promotion you have requested, respond to your inquiry or comment, or otherwise communicatewith you.
In order to access certain OSIsoft services, you may be required to sign in with OSIsoft Single Sign-On (SSO) credentials or another authentication mechanism.
By signing into one OSIsoft service, you may be automatically signed intoother OSIsoft services that use these credentials.
We may also receive information about you from other sources, including publicly available databases or third parties from whom we have purchased data, and combine this data with information we already have about you.
This helps us to update, expand and analyze our records, identify new customers, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you.
If you provide us Personal Information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.
Examples of the types of information that may be obtained from public sources or purchased from third parties may include company name or industry.
This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and dissemination of information that we collect from you through processes like web forms, registrations, orders, sources described in the above paragraph, and technologies like cookies, as described below.
To the extent that you disclose any informationto other parties, whether through, for example, blogs, bulletin boards, and the like, through third party services or promotions offered on or through the Site or through other web sites throughout the Internet, different policies may apply andOSIsoft shall not be responsible for the use or dissemination of such information.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies.
OSIsoft and its partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, gather demographic information about our user base as a whole, and to personalize your experience whenyou are visiting the Site.
By tracking usage, we can best determine what features of the Site best serve the users.
What are cookies.
A cookie is a small data text file that a web site sends to your browser, which is then stored on your computer.
The cookie is unique to the computer you are using and can only be read by the web site that placedthe cookie on your computer.
We cannot access cookies sent by other web sites or the information contained therein.
Additionally, we cannot learn your email address or any other information about you using a cookie.
The only way we would learnsuch information is if you specifically and voluntarily submit that information to us, for example, through a registration system, or by entering a sweepstakes or promotion.
We could use an advertising server developed by a third party to display ads on the Site.
Some of these ads may contain cookies that are sent by third parties (e.
g.
, advertising agencies or advertising clients).
We do not have access to these cookiesor any information that they contain.
We encourage you to contact the advertiser or its privacy policy for more information on these cookies.
Links from other web sites that appear on the Site may also send cookies.
but we do not control suchactivities.
If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising, you can use opt-out tools such as those provided by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) or National Advertising Initiative (NAI).
Please note you will continue to receive generic ads.
What benefits do I receive from cookies.
Overall, the use of cookies helps to give you a more personalized experience at the Site.
The information is used to keep our Site fresh and relevant to you, the user.
Cookies can also identifyyou to our server, allowing you to avoid retyping your email address and password each time you access the Site.
May I decline to accept a cookie.
You may decline to accept persistent cookies sent by the Site by selecting an option on your browser to reject cookies.
You may wish to visit         which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers.
You should always allow session cookies.
If you do not allow session cookies, many areas of the Site will not be accessible to you.
Session cookies enableus to send your request to the appropriate server, and allow that server to present your personalized content.
What analytics information do we collect.
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically.
This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exitpages, the files viewed on our site (e.
g.
, HTML pages, graphics, etc.
), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site.
Use of Personal Information.
We believe in protecting your privacy, and will not share your Personal Information with third parties outside of OSIsoft, except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We believe we can enhance your experience on our Site and with our products and serviceswith the information you share with us.
We use Personal Information about you for a variety of business purposes, such as to.
Fulfill your orders or respond to requests you make (e.
g.
, for marketing materials from our Site).
Manage your account with us, including verifying customers information, account changes, processing billing and payments, customer support services, or software updates.
Improve, upgrade, and enhance our software products, services and marketing efforts.
Conduct internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Verify or maintain the quality and safety of our products and services, and to upgrade.
Issue OSIsoft accounts for access to our developers club.
Send administrative information, like product announcements or changes to contract terms or policies.
Personalize the Site’s content, layout and services.
Statistically analyze Site usage.
Present products and services to you that are tailored to your interests.
Send marketing communications, like educational materials or information about special offers or upcoming online or offline events, such as our Users Conferences.
Invite you to participate in various promotional activities, webcasts, campaigns, surveys and product tests, and to assess their effectiveness.
Diagnose and fix technical issues.
Monitor the security of our environments, detect and protect against security incidents and illegal activity, and prosecute those responsible for that activity.
Respond to an inquiry from you regarding the information that we have collected.
Assess and verify any job application that you submit to us.
Respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
Respond to your comments and suggestions.
As part of your experience on our Site, you may receive communications from us related to products and services that might interest you.
While we believe these services will enhance your experience at our Site, you will at all times be able to opt outfrom receiving these communications, either by specifically opting out of these services or by deleting your profile from our database.
Please refer to “Opting-Out” for further reference.
Disclosure of Personal Information.
As part of operations and for standard business purposes, we may disclose Personal Information about you to the following categories of parties.
OSIsoft Subsidiaries.
We may share your information between our subsidiaries in order to facilitate the provision of our products and services.
Service Providers.
We have today, and will in the future have, arrangements with third party service providers, such as credit card processors, shipping companies and fulfillment services.
When you sign up for a service we offer on the Site, we may be required to sharePersonal Information with that service provider in order to provide the service.
These third party providers are required to comply with this policy and protect your information in the same way we do.
They are not permitted to retain or use PersonalInformation for any purpose unrelated to providing the service.
Third Party Business Partners.
We may share your information with third-party business partners for such purposes as enhancing our products and services, or so that they can market their products or services to you.
If you do not want us to share your Personal Information with thesecompanies, please contact us .
We may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to potential advertisers, partners, other third parties, our subsidiaries, and for other lawful purposes.
Legal Proceedings or Sale of Our Business.
We reserve the right to disclose Personal Information when         needed to comply with the law or a legal process.
respond to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, provided we will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you and provide assistance in advance of any compelled disclosure unless legally prohibited from doing so.
cooperate with investigations of purported unlawful activities.
identify personsviolating the law.
or in connection with the sale of part or all of OSIsoft’s or its affiliates’ stock or assets.
Party Collecting the Information.
The Site may offer forums, blogs, message boards, or chat rooms as one of the services on the Site.
If you disclose Personal Information in one of these forums, this information can be viewed, collected, and used by others.
OSIsoft is not responsiblefor the use of information you disclose in these forums.
We encourage you to consult the Forum Rules regarding the policies and procedures that apply to that portion of the Site.
Our Site may operate as part of a larger group of sites, and may carry pages co-branded with our third-party business partners on which you may voluntarily choose to provide Personal Information directly to our partners.
OSIsoft PI Developers Club andother services may also enable you to purchase, subscribe to, or use services, software, and content from companies other than OSIsoft (“Third-Party Offerings”).
If you choose to purchase, subscribe to, or use a Third-Party Offering, we may providethe third party with your contact information and other Personal Information to enable the third party to provide its offering to you (and with your consent, send you promotional communications).
In addition, other sites may use the Site’s orOSIsoft’s name.
Since OSIsoft does not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy customs and policies, if any, of such third parties, and OSIsoft shall not be responsible for the use or dissemination of your Personal Information bysuch parties.
Therefore, we encourage you to ask questions and review those parties’ privacy policies before you disclose your Personal Information to others.
If you wish to withdraw a prior consent allowing us to provide your Personal Informationto a third party, please contact us .
Links to Other Materials.
Third party sites linked to and from the Site are not necessarily under the control of OSIsoft.
OSIsoft shall have no responsibilities or liabilities whatsoever for the content or privacy practices of any such linked site or any link or linking programat any time.
OSIsoft does not necessarily endorse companies (or related products or services) to or from which the Site is linked.
If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to the Site, you do so entirely at your own risk.
Children’s Privacy.
OSIsoft cares about the safety of children and their use of the Internet.
Therefore, in accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, 5 U.
S.
C.
§§ 6501-6505, we will never knowingly request or solicit personally identifiable informationfrom anyone under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent.
In the event that we receive actual knowledge that we have collected such Personal Information without the requisite and verifiable parental consent, we will delete that informationfrom our database as quickly as is practicable.
International Transfer of Data.
Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have offices or in which we engage service providers.
By accessing our Site or otherwise providing your Personal Information to us, you consent to the transfer and processingof such information to countries outside of your country of residence, including to the United States, which may have different data protection rules than in your country.
Where your Personal Information is transmitted in this way, we take reasonableprecautions to ensure that it remains secure and under our control.
OSIsoft complies with the EU-U.
S.
Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.
S.
Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.
S.
Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of information Personal Information transferred from the European Unionand Switzerland to the United States.
OSIsoft has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, thePrivacy Shield Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit.
In the context of an onward transfer, OSIsoft has responsibility for the processing of Personal Information it receives under the Privacy Shield program and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.
OSIsoft shall remainliable under the Principles if its agent processes such Personal Information in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless OSIsoft proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Further, OSIsoft commits to cooperate with EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) and comply with the advice given by such authorities with regard to human resources data transferredfrom the EU and Switzerland in the context of the employment relationship.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, OSIsoft commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your Personal Information.
EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact OSIsoft using the information below in the section Contacting Us.
OSIsoft has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to our alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States (free of charge).
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please visit for more information or to file a complaint.
The possibility exists, under certain conditions, for EU and Swiss individuals to invoke binding arbitration as indicated byAnnex I of the EU-U.
S.
Privacy Shield Framework.
With         respect to Personal Information received or transferred under the Privacy Shield program, OSIsoft is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.
S.
Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Privacy Notice for California Residents.
If you are a California resident, as defined in the California Code of Regulations, you have rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the “CCPA”).
For purposes of the CCPA, “Personal Information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device.
Below, we provide disclosures about your Personal Information and a description of your rights under the CCPA.
Disclosures about Your Personal Information under the CCPA.
Information we collect.
We set out the CCPA categories of Personal Information we have collected from consumers within the last twelve (12) months in respect of our products and services inInformation Collected above.
According to California law, Personal Information does not include.
Publicly available information from government records.
De-identified or aggregated consumer information.
Certain information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, such as health information or other Personal Information covered by medical or other sector-specific privacy laws.
Other disclosures about your Personal Information.
This Privacy Policy covers additional disclosures about your Personal Information that the CCPA requires we provide to you, such as the sources from which we collect it inInformation Collected.
We do not sell, nor have we in the preceding twelve (12) months sold, consumers’ Personal Information.
Instead, OSIsoft discloses Personal Information for business purposes, such as to perform our administrative, sales, support, development, and marketing functions, as more fully described in Use of Personal Information.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed, where applicable, the categories of Personal Information set forth inInformation Collected for business purposes to the categories of parties set forth inDisclosure of Personal Information.
Your Rights Under the CCPA.
Consumer Access and Data Portability Rights.
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past twelve (12) months.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you as applicable.
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal Information.
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing (i) for sales, the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient purchased.
and (ii) for disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to.
Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Information, provide a product or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair their existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal.
Penal Code § 1546 et seq.
).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Your Rights under the CCPA.
To exercise the consumer access, data portability, and deletion request rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by email or regular mail using the information set forth inContacting Us below.
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information.
You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a twelve (12) month period.
The verifiable consumer request must.
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response timing and format.
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt.
If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account.
If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the twelve (12) month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt.
The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your Personal Information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.
If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Personal Information sales opt-out rights.
While we do not sell Personal Information, you still have the right to direct us not to sell your Personal Information at any time.
To exercise these rights, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting theDo Not Sell My Info webpage.
Non-discrimination.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not.
Deny you products or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for products or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of products or service.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for products or services or a different level or quality of products or services.
Data Retention.
OSIsoft will retain your Personal Information as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, or as required by applicable laws or regulations.
We will also retain and use your Personal Information to comply with our legal obligations,resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Opting-Out.
We respect your privacy and ability to choose whether to share information with us and any third party.
You may choose to “opt-out” of sharing Personal Information in several ways.
When choosing to use certain features or services on the Site, you canchoose whether to share optional Personal Information in connection with the feature or service.
If you receive communications from us that you prefer not to receive, you may opt out from receiving these communications by modifying the contactoptions in your registration profile.
You may “opt-out” altogether from providing Personal Information to us by not registering on the Site and thereby not providing Personal Information.
You may also choose to unsubscribe from communications from us by clickinghere or on the Opt-Out/Unsubscribe link contained within email communications.
Certain portions of the Site and certain services provided on the Site, however, do require registration in order to access or use these areas and services.
If you choose not to register or provide certain information, these areas will not be accessibleto you.
If at any time you would like to re-subscribe to communications from us, you may also choose to opt-in by clickinghere.
As of February 1, 2022, OSIsoft, LLC has combined marketing preferences with AVEVA Group plc.
Access to Your Information, Correction and Deletion.
Upon request, OSIsoft will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your Personal Information.
You may request to review, correct, delete, or otherwise modify any of the Personal Information that you have previously provided to us         by sending an email to with “Data Privacy” contained in the subject line.
We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
Security.
OSIsoft maintains above industry standard safeguards to ensure the security, integrity, and privacy of the Personal Information that you provide to OSIsoft.
However, the security of information transmitted through the Internet can never be guaranteed.
OSIsoft is not responsible for any interception or interruption of any communications through the Internet or for changes to or losses of information.
Access to and use of a password protected and/or secure area of any OSIsoft Site is restricted to authorized users only.
Users are responsible for maintaining the security of any password, user ID, or other form of authentication involved in obtainingaccess to password protected or secure areas of any OSIsoft Sites.
In order to protect you and your information, OSIsoft may suspend your use of a web site, without notice and pending an investigation, if any breach of security is suspected.
Ifyou have any questions about the security of your Personal Information, you can contact us .
Contacting Us.
If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Policy, please contact us by email or by regular mail addressed to.
OSIsoft, LLCAttn.
Legal Department – Privacy1600 Alvarado StreetSan Leandro, CA 94577United States.
Effective Date and Changes.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of February 1, 2021.
OSIsoft reserves the right to modify the terms of this policy, at any time and in our sole discretion, by posting a change notice to this page.
If we make any material changes we will notify youby email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective.
Your continued use of the Site or provision of Personal Information following our posting of a changenotice will constitute binding acceptance of those changes.
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Download this privacy policy in.
中文 | 日本語 | 한국어.
