This website uses cookies to offer you certain services and to enhance your user experience.
By continuing to use our website, you consent to the usage of cookies as described in our Cookie Policy.
Applications Area of CompetenceAutomotive ApplicationDLP (Digital Light Processing)Health Monitoring and Fitness TrackingHorticulture LightingInfo- and EntertainmentIR IlluminationIris ScanLaser BarsLasers and fiberProjectionSigns and SignalsSurveillance (CCTV)White GoodsMobile CompetenceWindow of VisionsGeneral Lighting (SSL)LED Light SiteLED for General LightingTEN° binningStandardizationApplication SupportApplication NotesLED CharacteristicsOptical Simulation / Package CAD DataElectrical SimulationPASS.
Products Product CatalogLED (Light Emitting Diodes)LED for General LightingInfrared Emitters, Detectors and SensorsLaser DiodesProduct SearchAdditional InformationQuality ManagementStandardizationRoHS ComplianceREACH InformationUL CertificateDiscontinuation DocumentsProduct Promotions.
News & Events NewsSpotlightsSuccess StoriesCompetence & VisionsNewsletterEventsConferencesTrade ShowsEvents with Partners and DistributorsPressPress releasesPress kitsPress contactsPress picture galleryContact & Support.
Tools & Services ToolsLED Information Base (LIB)Automotive Signal LED SelectorProduct SelectorHow to read a production labelServicesNewsletterDownloadsVideosFAQ.
Company |   Supplier Portal |   Contact |   Investor Relations |   Press |   Careers.
Company.
Supplier Portal.
Contact.
Investor Relations.
Press.
Careers.
Privacy Policy.
OSRAM Opto Semiconductors Commitment to Data Privacy Protection.
Protecting the security and privacy of your personal data is important to OSRAM Opto Semiconductors.
therefore, we conduct our business in compliance with applicable laws on data privacy protection and data security.
We hope the policy outlined below will help you understand what data OSRAM Opto Semiconductors may collect, how OSRAM Opto Semiconductors uses and safeguards that data and with whom we may share it.
1.
Name and contact details of the controller and the data protection officer.
This privacy policy applies to data processing by.
Controller.
OSRAM Opto Semiconductors Gesellschaft mit beschränkter HaftungRepresented by Aldo Kamper and Ingrid JaegeringLeibnizstr.
493055 RegensburgGermany.
Phone.
+49 941 850-5Fax.
+49 941 850-5 Contact us.
Our data protection officer can be reached at.
Address.
Leibnizstr.
4, 93055 Regensburg, GermanyEmail.
.
2.
Processing of personal data and the nature and purpose of their use.
2.
1 Through our website.
When you visit our website  the browser used on your device automatically sends information to the server of our website.
This information is temporarily stored in a so-called log file.
2.
1.
1 What data is processed.
The following information will be collected without your intervention and stored until automated deletion.
IP address of the requesting computer,.
date and time of access,.
name and URL of the retrieved file,.
the website from which access is made (referrer URL),.
the browser used and, if applicable, the operating system of your computer as well as the name of your access provider.
In addition, we use cookies and analytic services when visiting our website.
You will find further explanations in sections 3 and 4.
.
2.
1.
2.
Why we process such data and how we use it.
The legal basis for the processing of above mentioned automatically retrieved information through the use of our website is Article 6 para 1 lit.
f.
GDPR.
Our legitimate interest is based on the following purposes.
ensuring a smooth operation of the website,.
ensuring comfortable use of our website,.
evaluation of system security and stability as well as.
further administrative purposes.
2.
2.
Through doing business with us.
In order to prepare, negotiate or perform a contract with you we will process.
your name.
your e-mail address.
your phone number.
your profession.
When you do provide us with personal data, we use it in accordance with Article 6 para 1 lit.
b GDPR, namely.
to respond to your inquiry,.
process your order,.
or provide you access to specific information or offers.
2.
3.
Through marketing campaigns (e.
g.
Newsletter registration).
If, pursuant to Article 6 para.
1 lit.
a GDPR, you have given your explicit consent, we use your e-mail address to regularly send you our newsletter.
For the receipt of the newsletter the indication of an e-mail address is sufficient.
In addition, you may be able to specify the following data through one of our campaigns.
title, name, first name.
address.
contact details (telephone, mobile and fax numbers).
position and company name.
This information is voluntary and is not required for newsletter registration.
We only process these data if you have, in accordance with Article 6 para.
1 lit.
a GDPR, given your consent voluntarily.
We may use your personal data.
to provide you with information about similar products of our company, provided that you are our existing customer and have not objected to the use of your e-mail address.
Also, to support our customer relationship with you.
we may store and process personal data and share it with our worldwide affiliates to better understand your business needs and how we can improve our products and services.
or.
we may use your personal data to contact you about an OSRAM Opto Semiconductors offer in support of your business needs or to conduct online surveys to understand better our customers' needs.
we may amalgamate and analyse your personal data to assess your business needs.
You can resign from receiving information from us, our affiliates or other relevant third parties at any time without a specific reason, e.
g.
via a link at the end of each newsletter.
Alternatively you can also send your revocation-request to.
.
After resigning, your data will be deleted for further such use.
2.
4 Disclosure of data.
A disclosure of your personal data to third parties can be necessary.
2.
4.
1.
For the execution of a contract.
To the extent permitted by law and in accordance with Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
b GDPR necessary for the settlement of contractual relationships with you, your personal data will be passed on to third parties.
This includes in particular the transfer.
distributors, and.
retail partners.
2.
4.
2.
For marketing reasons.
To the extent that you have given your explicit consent in accordance with Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a GDPR we may disclose your personal data to distribution- and retail partners ( for the purposes of personalised and generalised advertising in the form of newsletters, promotional e-mails, or other marketing material related to OSRAM Opto Semiconductors.
2.
4.
3.
For other purposes.
In addition, we only share your personal information with third parties if.
you have given explicit consent to this according to Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a GDPR.
disclosure pursuant to Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f GDPR is required to assert, exercise or defend legal claims and there is no reason to believe that you have an overriding interest in not disclosing your data, and.
in the event that disclosure pursuant to Art.
6 para.
1 sentence 1 lit.
c GDPR there is a legal obligation.
3.
Cookies.
We use cookies on our site.
Cookies are small files which are sent to and stored on your device (computer, laptop, smartphone, tablet) by the website you visit.
Cookies are stored in your browser's file directory.
Your browser sends these cookies back to the website every time you revisit the same site so it can recognize your device and improve your experience on each subsequent visit.
Cookies do not harm your device, do not contain viruses, Trojans or other malicious software.
If you want to learn more about cookies and how they work, please see  or .
What different types of cookies are there.
Cookies are typically divided into the following categories.
First-party cookies.
first-party cookies are such cookies that are set by the website which is being visited by the user, i.
e.
cookies placed by OSRAM Opto Semiconductor when you visit an OSRAM Opto Semiconductors website.
Third-party cookies.
third-party cookies are cookies which are placed by a domain other than the website which is being visited by the user.
Session cookies.
session cookies are only active during a browser session.
They allow to link the actions of a user during a browser session.
Session cookies expire when you close the browser or shortly thereafter.
Persistent cookies.
persistent cookies have longer expiration dates which exceed the duration of a browser session.
They are activated each time the user revisits the website that created the cookie.
They remain on a user´s device for the period of time specified in the cookie.
Typical expiration dates for persistent cookies can range from a couple of days to a couple of years.
Which categories of cookies are used for what purposes by OSRAM Opto Semiconductors.
OSRAM Opto Semiconductors uses session cookies and persistent cookies as well as first-party cookies and third-party cookies.
At OSRAM Opto Semiconductors domains, we employ cookies to generally offer you the best possible user experience, i.
e.
by remembering your visits to our websites as well as your site preferences and by letting you navigate efficiently between different website pages.
The data processed by cookies are for the purposes mentioned in order to safeguard our legitimate interests as well as third parties according to Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f GDPR required.
Most browsers accept cookies automatically.
However, you can configure your browser so that no cookies are stored on your computer or always a hint appears before a new cookie is created.
However, disabling cookies completely may mean that you can not use all features of our website.
4.
Website-Tracking.
4.
1.
eTracker.
This website uses on the basis of Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f GDPR eTracker technology ( to collect data on visitor behavior.
The data is collected anonymously for use in marketing and optimization.
All visitor data is saved using an anonymous user ID and can be used to aggregate a usage profile.
Cookies (see under section 3) may be used for this purpose.
It is possible to use these cookies to recognize a visitor’s browser.
The data collected using the eTracker technologies will not be used by us to personally identify you as a visitor to this website and will not be combined with personal data about the bearer of the pseudonym without your separate consent given through the Cookie Layer.
The data collection and storage can be contradicted at any time with effect for the future.
Refuse data collecting.
4.
2.
Google Analytics.
For the purpose of the needs-based design and continuous optimization of our pages, we use on the basis of Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f GDPR Google Analytics , a web analytics service provided by Google Inc.
("Google").
In this context, pseudonymised usage profiles are created and cookies (see under section 3) are used.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website such as.
browser type / version,.
used operating system,.
Referrer URL (the previously visited page),.
host name of the accessing computer (IP address),.
time of server request,.
are transmitted to a Google server in the US and stored there.
The information is used to evaluate the use of the website, to compile reports on website activity, and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage for the purposes of market research and for designing these websites according to their needs.
This information may also be transferred to third parties if required by law or if third parties process this data in the order.
Under no circumstances will your IP address be merged with any other data provided by Google.
The IP addresses are anonymized, so that an assignment is not possible (IP masking).
You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting the browser software accordingly.
however, we point out that in this case not all features of this website may be fully exploited.
In addition, you may prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing a browser add-on.
(.
As an alternative to the browser add-on, especially for browsers on mobile devices, you can prevent the collection by Google Analytics by clicking on this link .
An opt-out cookie will be set that will prevent the future collection of your data when you visit this website.
The opt-out cookie is only valid in this browser and only for our website and is stored on your device.
If you delete the cookies in this browser, you must set the opt-out cookie again.
For more information about privacy related to Google Analytics, see.
.
5.
Right to object.
If the processing of your personal data is based on legitimate interest in accordance with Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f DSGVO, you have the right to file an objection against the processing of your personal data in accordance with Article 21 GDPR, provided that there are reasons for this arising from your particular situation or the objection is directed against direct marketing or market research.
In the latter case, you have a general right of objection, which is implemented by us without specifying any particular situation.
If you would like to exercise your right of revocation or objection, please send an e-mail to .
6.
Rights of persons affected.
You have the right.
in accordance with Article 15 GDPR, to request information about your personal data processed by us.
In particular, you can request information on the processing purposes, the category of personal data, the categories of recipients to whom your data has been disclosed, the planned retention period, the right to rectification, deletion, limitation of processing or opposition, the existence of a right to complain, the source of the data processed, if not collected from us, and the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, and if necessary, meaningful information about the details thereof.
in accordance with Art.
16 GDPR, immediately demand the correction of incorrect or the completion of personal data stored by us.
in accordance with Art.
17 GDPR, to demand the deletion of your personal data stored by us, unless the processing is required for the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and information, for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims.
to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data according to Art.
18 GDPR, as far as the accuracy of the data is disputed by you, the processing is unlawful, but you reject the deletion of the data processed and we no longer need the data, but you assert this, to exercise or defend legal claims or you have objected to the processing in accordance with Art.
21 GDPR.
in accordance with Art.
20 GDPR, to receive your personal data provided to us in a structured, standard and machine-readable format or to request transmission to another person responsible.
according to Art.
7 para.
3 GDPR, to revoke your once given consent to us at any time.
As a result, we are no longer allowed to continue the data processing based on this consent for the future, and.
to complain to a supervisory authority pursuant to Art.
77 GDPR.
Generally, you can contact the supervisory authority of your usual place of residence or work or our company headquarters.
You can exercise these rights at any time by contacting us at or by contacting our Data Protection Officer under .
7.
Data Security.
To protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or alteration and against unauthorized disclosure or access, OSRAM Opto Semiconductors uses technical and organizational security measures.
OSRAM Opto Semiconductors Web sites contain links to other Web sites.
OSRAM Opto Semiconductors is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other Websites.
