Home.
Unload.
Sort.
Careers.
Contact.
Home.
Unload.
Sort.
Careers.
Contact.
Pickle Robot Company.
Privacy Policy.
Effective Date.
May 12, 2022.
Introduction.
Pickle Robot Company (“we,” or the “Company”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your Personal Information.
“Personal Information” includes any information that can or does identify an individual or can be directly linked to an individual.
This Privacy Policy, effective as of the date above, puts forth our current privacy practices regarding how we collect, use, process, maintain, and share your Personal Information when you visit and interact with  (“Website”).
It also provides you with how to request to have your Personal Information deleted.
By accessing our Website, you acknowledge this Privacy Policy and freely consent to the information collection and use practices as described.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is to not use the Website.
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, any previous versions, will be made available to you on our Website.
Your continued use of this Website after we make changes to the Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of those changes.
It is your responsibility to check the Privacy Policy periodically for updates.
Information We Collect.
When you visit our Website, some information is collected automatically.
Information that we collect automatically includes your browsing and click actions, IP address, device information, operating system, screen resolution, and information about your internet connection.
When you use the Website to contact us, or to request information about our offerings, you may share your name, job title, phone number, and email address, as well as your employer’s or company’s name, a description of your business, and/or a message.
We keep records of these messages.
Please do not include sensitive data in any message submitted on our Website contact form (whether sensitive personal data like social security, bank account, or credit card numbers, or confidential or proprietary information).
If you decide to purchase our products or services, or to pay us a deposit on a future purchase, we may ask that you provide us with payment information, including a credit or debit card number, expiration date, CVV code, bank account information, and/or billing address.
You aren’t required to share any information to access or use our website, but if you do, we use that information to contact you and, if appropriate, to process payment for products, services, or deposits.
How We Use This Information.
We use the information we collect about you when you visit our Website to optimize and improve your experience and the Website’s functionality.
We also use that information for remarketing purposes, which allows third party websites to host and display advertisements for our products and services when you visit those websites.
We provide web-based submission forms so you can contact us.
If you voluntarily disclose your email address or other contact information, we may contact you via email or by other methods in the future to inform you about our products or services.
We may also ask that you provide payment information so that we can process payments you send to us.
When our customers or potential customers pay for, or place deposits for, our products or services, we use that information, including quantities ordered and geographical information, to gauge interest in our offerings and plan our current and future operations.
How We Collect This Information.
As you navigate and interact with our Website, we use third-party analytics platforms including Google Analytics (see below for more information on Google Analytics), Clicky Analytics, and Hubspot to collect information about your activity on our Website.
We also collect Personal Information about you through our web-based submission form that you provide voluntarily, and where applicable, through payment details that you may provide voluntarily.
Google Analytics.
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about the use of our site.
Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this Website, what pages they visit, and what other websites they used prior to coming to our Website.
Google Analytics collects the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information.
We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with other Personal Information.
Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit the Website, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google.
Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy.
You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
Cookies, Remarketing, and Targeted Advertising.
We and third parties who provide services to us use cookies to recognize you as you use or return to the Website.
We do this to enhance your experience of the Website and to facilitate our remarketing activities.
We use remarketing to advertise online using a range of technologies, which may include web beacons, pixels, ad tags, cookies, and mobile identifiers.
Our use of remarketing allows us, through our third party providers, to display our advertisements when you visit certain third party websites.
We may also use cookies and partner with third parties who may serve customized ads on third party websites based on your behavior on the Website, using information such as IP addresses, unique device identifiers, browser type, operating system, time zone, country, referring pages, information gathered through the use of cookies, web server logs, and pixel tags.
Links to Other Websites.
You may find links to other websites on the Website.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of third-party websites.
Third-party websites should have their own privacy policies that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website.
We recommend that you always review the privacy policies of third parties before you provide any Personal Information or complete any transaction.
Do Not Track Disclosure.
Our Website does not currently respond to “do not track” requests from your browser.
Children under the Age of 16.
The Website is not intended for children under 16 years of age.
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 16.
If you are under 16, do not provide any information through the web-based submission form.
If we learn that Personal Information about a child under 16 without parental consent was collected, we will delete that information.
If you believe that we may have any information from a child under 16, please contact us at [email protected].
Deletion.
Upon your request we will delete Personal Information that you have provided to us and that we have retained.
To request that your information be deleted send us an email at [email protected].
Your Choices About Our Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Your Information.
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us.
This section describes mechanisms we provide for you to control certain uses and disclosures of over your information.
Tracking Technologies.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
You can choose whether or not to allow the App or to collect information through other tracking technologies by adjusting your privacy settings within the App.
If you disable or refuse cookies or block the use of other tracking technologies, some parts of the App or Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotion by the Company.
If you do not want us to use your email address to promote our own or third parties’ products or services, you can choose not to share your email address with us, click the “unsubscribe” button on any marketing email you receive from us, or email us at [email protected].
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising.
However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way.
You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) on the NAI’s website.
Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Information.
You can request access to and review and/or correction of your Personal Information by sending an email to [email protected].
We reserve the right to reasonably satisfy ourselves of your identity prior to confirming our possession of any of your Personal Information, granting you access to your Personal Information, and/or correcting or deleting your Personal Information.
We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Data Security.
We have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal Information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet and mobile platforms is not completely secure.
Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted through our Website.
Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures we provide.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy.
We may update our privacy policy from time to time.
If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will post the new privacy policy on this page.
The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information.
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, or to register a complaint or concern, contact us at.
[email protected].
