Support.
Track Your Package.
Select region.
Ship & Mail.
Financial Services.
Resources.
Search this site.
Buy Supplies.
Sign In.
Sign In.
Support.
United States.
Postage Meters.
Shipping Software.
Mail Accounting & Expense Management.
Order Fulfillment.
Delivery Services.
Returns.
Cross-border Ecommerce.
Parcel Locker.
Package Tracking Solutions.
Consumer Connect.
First Class Mail.
Marketing Mail / Direct Mail.
Bound Printed Matter.
Mailing Software.
Addressing Equipment & Printers.
Letter Openers & Folders.
Folder Inserters.
Shredders.
Line of Credit.
Prepaid Deposit Account.
Equipment Financing.
Working Capital.
Manufacturing.
Healthcare.
Construction.
Postal Rate Change.
Postal Information.
Postage Meters Support.
Account Support.
Mailing Equipment Support.
Connectivity Support.
Blog.
News.
Events.
Privacy Statement | Pitney Bowes.
Privacy Statement.
Pitney Bowes is committed to respecting the privacy of our clients and users.
This Privacy Statement describes how our websites, services, and products operate, and how we collect, use, and share information.
This Privacy Statement applies to pitneybowes.
com and Pitney Bowes websites, services, and products that collect data and display these terms, and that are owned and operated by Pitney Bowes and Pitney Bowes subsidiaries, collectively, "Pitney Bowes".
Pitney Bowes websites, services and products are referred to in this statement as "Sites".
These terms do not apply to Pitney Bowes sites that do not display or link to this statement or that have their own privacy statements.
The following topics are presented in this Privacy Statement.
Collecting Personal Information from Site Users.
Collecting Other Information.
Using and Retaining Personal Information.
Sharing Personal Information.
Protecting Personal Information.
Cross Border Data Transfer.
Visiting Non-Pitney Bowes Websites.
EU-U.
S.
and Swiss-U.
S.
Privacy Shield Compliance.
Country-Specific Requirements.
Product-Specific Statements.
Your Choices.
Your Rights to Access Personal Information.
Changes to this Privacy Statement.
Contact Us.
1.
Collecting Personal Information from Site Users.
In order to provide you with access to certain services or data within our Sites, we may require that you provide certain personal information, which may include, but is not limited to the examples listed below, “Personal Information”.
Pitney Bowes also collects non-personal information that does not, on its own, identify an individual person.
When non-personal information is combined with other information so that it does identify an individual person, we treat that combination as Personal Information.
The following are examples of the types of information that is considered Personal Information and that may be collected directly from you (or someone acting on your behalf).
Contact information (including Name, Street Address, Email Address, Telephone Number).
Government issued IDs (such as tax identification number).
Username, password, and other information used in combination to verify identity.
Financial information (including credit/debit card and bank account information, credit and repayment history, and payment default information).
Geolocation, demographic, shipping/receiving, billing, and other information related to the purchase or delivery of Pitney Bowes products and services or services you access through the Sites.
Any other personal information or characteristics about an individual that identifies such individual alone or that, if used in combination with one of the above or with other non-personally identifiable information, allows someone to identify such individual, such as date or place of birth, geographic data, or photographic images.
By accessing and utilizing our Sites, you consent to the collection, use, disclosure, storage, and processing of Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Please note, by law you are not required to provide us with your Personal Information.
By electing to not share your Personal Information with us, you may be unable to take advantage of our Sites and we may be unable to provide you with all of the functionality we offer through our Sites.
2.
Collecting Other Information.
Pitney Bowes Sites may use several automated data collection tools and techniques including cookies, clickstream, and web beacons.
Some of our Sites use cookies, which are a small amount of data (often including a unique identifier), which is sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
We may use cookies so that we can better serve visitors on our Sites, understand usage, and improve the content and offerings on our Sites.
Cookies may be placed by us or by our third party service providers.
We, or our service providers, may.
(1) use cookies to collect aggregate information about website users on an anonymous basis or (2) share aggregate demographic and usage information with our prospective and actual business partners, advertisers, and other third parties for any business purpose.
If you prefer not to have cookies, most web browsers include an option that allows you to not accept them.
However, without cookies you may be unable to take full advantage of all of our Site features and some portions of our Sites may not function properly for you.
Services Used on Pitney Bowes Sites.
Leadfeeder.
Our websites use Leadfeeder, a solution used to identify visitors.
Leadfeeder collects behavioral information to understand visitor interactions on our websites.
In addition, Leadfeeder captures the IP address of our visitors to enrich data firmographics based on the business domain of the companies visiting our websites.
The visitor IP address is collected to detect the company and geographic location.
All visit data is aggregated on the company level.
Leadfeeder enriches this information by correlating the company IP-address with other publicly accessible information, via 3rd party data partners.
Leadfeeder does not capture or track individual (personal) data (e.
g.
, names, addresses, etc.
) but merely processes the company data and combines it with information from publicly accessible data sources.
Information collected remains anonymous.
Using Leadfeeder enables us to tailor the communications to our prospects to ensure that we give relevant support and advice about our products and services.
For detailed information about Leadfeeder’s handling of personal information, please see .
We may collect information about the "clickstream" of our customers during their visit to our Sites.
This clickstream data contains the pages the visitors came from, the navigational paths they took, and the areas of the Site they visited.
From time to time we track such information inside and outside of our Sites.
Additionally, we may track and match clickstream data with Personal Information you provide to us in order to deliver content and other offerings - i.
e.
, products and services that might improve your customer experience.
We may also share clickstream data with third parties in an aggregate or otherwise anonymous format.
We participate in the Adobe Experience Cloud Device Co-op to better understand how you use our website and applications across various devices so we can deliver tailored promotions.
Click here  to learn more.
Certain email communications you receive from us may contain "web beacons.
" Web beacons consist of a line of code on our Sites that delivers a small graphic image.
The web beacon may not be visible as it is a 1x1 pixel that is often designed to blend into the background of a web page.
Web beacons allow us to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the web beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the web beacon appears, the time the page containing the web beacon was viewed, the browser type used to view the page and the information in cookies.
We use web beacons for activities such as monitoring the effectiveness of the headlines in our emails or the ad banners.
Your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address is a numerical label assigned to each device (e.
g.
, computer, printer, mobile device, or server) and is usually associated with the place from which you enter the internet.
It is how devices find each other on a network.
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers, gather broad demographic information, gather geographic data, and administer our Sites.
We do not act on, alter, or change our Site behavior upon receiving Do Not Track requests from your browser.
3.
Using and Retaining Personal Information.
Personal Information we collect through our Sites may be used to provide information regarding our products and services, or for marketing and promotions we believe you may find of interest.
We also may use the Personal Information you provide for our internal purposes, such as Site customization, enhancement or development, administration and operation of our Sites, data analytics, and compliance with our legal obligations, policies and procedures, including performance of Pitney Bowes obligations under sales contracts, leases or licenses between you and Pitney Bowes.
We retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement, unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law.
or to otherwise fulfill a legal obligation.
4.
Sharing Personal Information.
Pitney Bowes does not sell Personal Information to third parties.
However, there are certain situations where we may share your Personal Information where permitted by law, for example.
within the Pitney Bowes family of businesses,.
with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf (such as credit card companies, credit and/or investigative reporting agencies, finance companies, transport companies, consultants, advisors and market research firms), or.
for marketing campaigns conducted by us or other companies or organizations that offer related products or services we believe may be of interest to our clients.
Our service providers are required to keep the Personal Information received from us confidential and secure in accordance with this Privacy Statement and they may not use it for any purpose other than the purpose for which Pitney Bowes provided it.
We may also make information available to third parties in the following circumstances.
When we have a good faith belief it is required by law or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement activity.
When we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful activity.
or.
In the event of a proposed or actual merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets.
In these circumstances, your consent will not be required, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent the law requires.
Depending upon local law, you may either opt-in or opt-out of having your Personal Information shared for marketing or other purposes.
In the event you opt-in, we will use and share your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Statement.
In the event you opt-out, we will share your preference with the applicable third parties as appropriate.
For information on how to do this, see the Your Choices section of this Privacy Statement below.
5.
Protecting Personal Information.
We maintain reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect the Personal Information we collect and process.
6.
Cross Border Data Transfer.
The international footprint of Pitney Bowes involves a large number of transfers of Personal Information between different subsidiaries, as well as to third parties located in the countries where we do business.
Some countries have implemented transfer restrictions for Personal Information, in connection with which Pitney Bowes takes various measures, including.
Pitney Bowes Inc.
and its wholly-owned U.
S.
subsidiaries that receive Personal Information from countries outside of the United States adhere to applicable law and regulations regarding client, partner and employee Personal Information moving across geographical and jurisdictional borders.
Where required, Pitney Bowes implements Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the EU Commission, or similar clauses in other jurisdictions, where available, between our corporate entities, our partners and our clients.
While the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework may no longer be used or relied upon for transfer of Personal Information, Pitney Bowes continues to comply with all EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework obligations.
Additional information may be found in the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Compliance section below.
Additional information may be found under the Country-Specific Requirements section for the geographies you are located in.
7.
Visiting Nonaffiliated Pitney Bowes Websites.
Our Sites may contain links to other websites that operate independently from Pitney Bowes.
Linked websites may have their own privacy statements or notices.
If you visit any linked websites we strongly suggest you review their privacy statement.
Any information you provide when you visit a nonaffiliated Pitney Bowes website is subject to the privacy statement posted on that website.
We are not responsible for the content of any websites that are not affiliated with or owned by Pitney Bowes, any use of those websites, or the privacy practices of those websites.
8.
EU-U.
S.
and Swiss-U.
S.
Privacy Shield Compliance.
Pitney Bowes has certified its compliance with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.
S.
Privacy Shield Framework (Privacy Shield) as set forth by the United States Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, processing and retention of Personal Information transferred to the United States from those countries whose data protection laws recognize Privacy Shield as a valid mechanism for such cross-border transfers.
We have certified to the United States Department of Commerce that we adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to Personal Information.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Statement and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit .
Pitney Bowes is responsible for the processing of Personal Information it receives, under Privacy Shield, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.
Pitney Bowes complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of Personal Information, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to Personal Information received or transferred pursuant to Privacy Shield.
Pitney Bowes is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission.
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.
S.
and Swiss-U.
S.
Privacy Shield Principles, Pitney Bowes commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your Personal Information.
If you believe Pitney Bowes processes your Personal Information within the scope of our Privacy Shield certification, you may direct any inquiries or complaints concerning our compliance to us at the information in the Contact Us section below.
Pitney Bowes will respond within 45 days.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact JAMS, our U.
S-based third party dispute resolution provider, free of charge at .
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, you may be able to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
Please contact or visit the Privacy Shield website at  for more information or to file a complaint.
The services of the Privacy Shield website are provided at no cost to you.
9.
Country-Specific Requirements.
Pitney Bowes Inc.
is a global corporation with subsidiary companies located around the world.
This Privacy Statement establishes our global principles (to the extent the law permits and/or requires) for the collection, use and disclosure of information gathered through our Sites.
The country in which you are doing business with us or where the Site you are visiting is located or hosted may have specific requirements concerning Personal Information and may be found below.
Cross Border Data TransferWith respect to Personal Information received from Australia, your Personal Information may be disclosed to entities located in the U.
S.
, U.
K.
, or any other country necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement and we will adhere to applicable law and regulations regarding your Personal Information.
As stated above, this includes the use of data transfer agreements and model contractual clauses, where available, between our corporate entities, our partners and our clients where required.
Credit InformationAs described in Collecting Personal Information from Site Users, we may also collect your credit information to assess a credit application or to assist us to collect overdue payments.
We may collect credit information from a business which provides information about commercial credit, a lender named in your credit application, any other applicant(s) or a credit reporting bureau which provides consumer credit reports, even if it is an application for commercial credit.
When you apply for credit with us, you agree to us accessing your Personal Information (including credit-related information) held with a credit reporting bureau, even if there is a ban period in place, for the purposes of assessing an application for credit or in order to collect overdue payments.
Credit reporting bureaus may use credit information they hold to respond to requests from us or other credit providers to "pre-screen" you for direct marketing.
You can ask a CRB not to do this.
However, if you are a borrower you may still receive direct marketing from us (unless you ask us not to) that has not been "pre-screened".
Transferring Personal Information to Other CountriesSpecifically, if you are in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), the data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a location outside the EEA.
It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or one of our service providers.
Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services.
By submitting your Personal Information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing of your personal data at locations outside the EEA.
We will protect all Personal Information transferred outside the EEA in accordance with this Privacy Statement or as required by applicable law.
FacebookPitney Bowes and Facebook Ireland Limited “Facebook” are jointly responsible for the processing of your personal data on the Pitney Bowes Facebook fan pages in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Facebook provides Pitney Bowes with page insights "Facebook Insights".
The primary responsibility for the processing of Facebook Insights data lies with Facebook, and Facebook fulfills all obligations under the GDPR with regard to the processing of your Facebook Insights data.
A copy of the agreement setting forth the data protection obligations and the implementation of data subject rights between Pitney Bowes and Facebook regarding Facebook Insights can be accessed here.
Pitney Bowes makes no decisions with regard to the processing of Insights data and all other information resulting from Art.
13 GDPR, including legal basis, identity of the person responsible and storage period of cookies on user terminals.
You can assert your rights as a data subject both to Pitney Bowes and Facebook.
You may contact Pitney Bowes with any questions, comments or complaints by following the instructions in the Contact Us section below.
You may also contact Facebook per their privacy policy which can be accessed here.
(.
Privacy MarkPitney Bowes Japan Co.
, Ltd.
has been granted the Privacy Mark granted by the Japan Information Economy and Society Promotion Association (JIPDEC) to businesses that handle personal information appropriately.
Pitney Bowes Inc.
is a global corporation with business units and subsidiary companies located around the world and is responsible for the processing of your personal data and its protection.
This Privacy Statement establishes Pitney Bowes' global principles for the collection, use and disclosure of information gathered through our Sites (which also includes Pitney Bowes Brasil and Pitney Bowes Puerto Rico).
Your ChoicesYou have the right to access, rectify, and/or cancel your personal data and object to its processing as well as to restrict its use or disclosure and/ or revoke the consent given to us for the processing of such data by contacting us as described in the Contact Us section below.
Likewise, and unless you expressly disagree and send in writing your disagreement you can contact us as described in the Contact Us section below, you expressly authorize Pitney Bowes to transfer your personal data to be processed by third parties under the terms and conditions of the Privacy Statement of Pitney Bowes.
Your California Privacy Rights - Shine the Light LawCalifornia residents are legally entitled (at no charge and no more than once per year) to request information about how we may have shared your information with others for direct marketing purposes.
To obtain this information or make changes to your Personal Information, please refer to the instructions provided in the Contact Us section below.
Sharing Personal Information of California ResidentsPitney Bowes does not sell your Personal Information to third parties.
However, there are certain situations where we may share your Personal Information where permitted by law, for example.
within the Pitney Bowes family of businesses,.
with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf (such as credit card companies, credit and/or investigative reporting agencies, finance companies, transport companies, consultants, advisors and market research firms), or.
for marketing campaigns conducted by us or other companies or organizations that offer Pitney Bowes related products or services we believe may be of interest to our clients.
Our service providers are required to keep the Personal Information received from us confidential and secure in accordance with this Privacy Statement and they may not use it for any purpose other than the purpose for which Pitney Bowes provided it.
As outlined in the Your Rights to Access Personal Information you have the right to know more about the Personal Information we have about you.
To obtain this information, please refer to the instructions provided in the Your Rights to Access Personal Information section below.
If you wish to opt-out of receiving marketing communications from Pitney Bowes or make changes to your Personal Information, please refer to the instructions provided in the Contact Us section below.
10.
Product-Specific Statements.
Pitney Bowes offers a wide range of products and services.
In some instances, additional data collection practices and privacy statements may apply to specific Pitney Bowes products.
Those privacy statements are provided within the product and may be found below.
In case of contradictions between the general Privacy Statement of Pitney Bowes and the information in a product-specific statement, the information in the product-specific statement will take precedence.
Personal Shipping.
11.
Your Choices.
If you are a Pitney Bowes customer, you may receive transactional communications about your account and the Pitney Bowes products and services, which you own, lease, rent, license or to which you subscribe.
In some jurisdictions, you may have to opt-in to receive marketing communications.
In the event you opt-in, we will use and share your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Statement.
If you wish to opt-out of receiving marketing communications from Pitney Bowes, you may do so by (i) following the instructions provided in our marketing communications, or (ii) indicating your preferences on the relevant account profile/preferences section (such as Your Account), or (iii) referring to the instructions provided in the Contact Us section below.
In the event you opt-out, we will share your preference with applicable third parties as appropriate.
You will continue to receive transactional communications about your account and the Pitney Bowes products and services which you own, lease, rent, and license or to which you subscribe.
Some of our products and services contain settings that allow users or administrators to control how the products collect information.
If you wish to request changes to your Personal Information, you may do so by (i) indicating your preferences on the relevant account profile/preferences section (such as Your Account), or (ii) referring to the instructions provided in the Contact Us section below.
Please note, by electing to not share certain Personal Information with us, we may be unable to provide you with all of the functionality we offer through our Sites.
12.
Your Rights to Access Personal Information.
Where required by law, you may as it relates to your Personal Information (i) request access, (ii) make corrections, (iii) request deletion, (iv) restrict, (v) object to processing, or (vi) request copies.
When accessing or updating your Personal Information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
Please note that we may reject requests, or limit the information we provide access to, if we determine it could risk the privacy of others or if unreasonable or repetitive, or if it would require disproportionate effort.
As permitted by law, we may charge a reasonable fee for providing access to Personal Information, but we do not charge for lodging a request for access.
If you would like to make a request click here.
13.
Changes to this Privacy Statement.
Pitney Bowes may change this Privacy Statement from time to time and at its discretion.
We will indicate at the top of the Privacy Statement when it was most recently updated.
We will not use your Personal Information in ways that differ materially from this Privacy Statement without prior notice to you, and in no event will we use your Personal Information in ways prohibited by law.
Your continued use of our Sites indicates your consent to this Privacy Statement and any amended version of it.
14.
Contact Us.
To opt-out of marketing communications, click here to Unsubscribe and you will be removed from Pitney Bowes promotional/marketing email lists.
Please note, if you are a Pitney Bowes customer, you will continue to receive transactional communications about your account and the Pitney Bowes products and services which you own, lease, rent, and license or to which you subscribe.
If you would like to make changes to your Personal Information (such as address information and phone number) click here.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Statement, please contact us at.
Global Data Protection Officec/o Pitney Bowes Inc.
3001 Summer StStamford, CT USA 06926-0700.
or.
Email us .
Please see below for contact information for the following countries, which should be used if you have a question, comment or complaint about this Privacy Statement for your specific country.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions, or if you believe that we have not complied with our obligations under the Privacy Act (and, in particular, the Australian Privacy Principals), or if you believe that the Personal Information that we hold about you has been compromised in any way, please contact us as described below.
We will respond to any question or complaint as soon as possible.
Global Data Protection Officec/o Pitney Bowes Australia Pty LtdLevel 1, 68 Waterloo Road, Macquarie Park,NSW 2113, Australia.
or.
Email us .
Tel.
+61 (0)2 9475 3500.
If you are dissatisfied with our response, you may direct your complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner by email at or by telephone on 1300 363 992.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement or our compliance with the the Brazilian General Data Protection Regulation (LGPD), please contact us as described below.
We will respond to your request as soon as possible.
Data Protection Officec/o Pitney Bowes Brasil Equipamentos e Serviços Ltda.
Alameda Tocantins, 630 – Galpão 3 – Bloco Tocantins – Condomínio Múltiplo 3, Bairro AlphavilleCentro Industrial e Empresarial, CEP.
06455-020 - Barueri / SPAtt.
Marcel Cordeiro.
Or.
Email us Officer.
Data Protection Office.
+55 11 2348-8860.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement, please contact us at.
Global Data Protection Officec/o Pitney Bowes Germany GmbH Poststr.
4-6 D-64293 Darmstadt.
Or.
Email us .
Contact Us.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement, please contact us at.
Global Data Protection Officec/o Pitney Bowes Software India Pvt.
Ltd.
5th Floor, Tower- B, Logix Cyber Park,C 28-29, Sector-62,  Noida – 201307Attn.
Ruchi Bhalla.
Or email.
Local Grievance Officer Data Protection Office .
Contact Us.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement, please contact us at.
Pitney Bowes Japan Co.
, Ltd.
Gotenyama Trust Tower 12F,4-7-35 Kitashinagawa,Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo.
Call.
03-5657-1200.
Or email.
Global Data Protection Office .
