Skip to primary navigation.
Skip to main content.
Skip to footer.
Plus One Robotics.
Robots Work.
People Rule.
ProductsPickOneYonderQuick Deployment Kit.
PickOne.
Yonder.
Quick Deployment Kit.
ApplicationsHigh Speed Parcel InductionCase Transfer and PackingDepalletizingSegmented Tote Picking.
High Speed Parcel Induction.
Case Transfer and Packing.
Depalletizing.
Segmented Tote Picking.
PARTNERS.
Videos.
AboutCompanyPressBlogEventsCareersContact Us.
Company.
Press.
Blog.
Events.
Careers.
Contact Us.
Get Started Today.
Privacy Policy.
This privacy policy will explain how our organization uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website.
Topics.
What data do we collect.
How do we collect your data.
How will we use your data.
How do we store your data.
Marketing.
What are your data protection rights.
What are cookies.
How do we use cookies.
What types of cookies do we use.
How to manage your cookies.
Privacy policies of other websites.
Changes to our privacy policy.
How to contact us.
What data do we collect.
Plus One Robotics collects the following data.
Your first and last name.
Email address.
Phone number.
Postal address, if necessary to fulfill your request.
Your IP Address, geolocation information based upon that IP Address, and time zone.
Your behaviors and preferences in browsing our website or using our services.
How do we collect your data.
You directly provide Plus One Robotics with most of the data we collect.
We collect data and process data when you.
You agree to allow third-party sites to share your contact information with us.
You communicate with us regarding our content.
You subscribe to our products or services.
You subscribe to our mailing list and/or newsletters.
You purchase our solutions and services, and when you access and use our websites.
We conduct our administrative and business functions about your use of our site.
You complete a job application or send in a resume for an available job.
Non-personally identifiable information we collect can include many things, and we do not rent or sell any of the following types of data collected with third parties.
Browser type.
Operating system.
The date and time of your visit, along with the time you spend visiting our websites.
Pages you visit on our websites.
Any return visits you may make.
We also collect non-personal data about you using cookies.
These cookies are small text files created by a web server, delivered through your browser, and stored on your device.
Please read our “Cookies, Online Tracking, and Similar Technology” section for further details.
How will we use your data.
Plus One Robotics collects your data so that we can.
To establish, maintain, and manage our business relationships.
Where the processing enables us to enhance, modify, personalize, or otherwise improve our services and communications for the benefit of our customers.
Process and respond to privacy concerns or complaints.
To enhance the security of our network and information systems.
To better understand how visitors interact with our services.
To determine the effectiveness of promotional campaigns and advertising.
To determine suitability for an open job posting.
When Plus One Robotics processes your order, it may send your data to, and also use the resulting information from, credit reference agencies to prevent fraudulent purchases.
How do we store your data.
Plus One Robotics takes precautions to protect your information both online and offline, with a variety of physical, administrative and technical safeguards which are in place.
Wherever we collect information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way, as well as being encrypted for as long as we retain the information.
You can verify this by looking for the closed lock in your browser (usually found in the address bar).
You can also see the “https” at the beginning of the web address.
However, please note that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
We retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, or for the reasons listed below and any similar reasons.
We are under a legal, contractual, or other obligation to retain personal data pursuant to data retention laws, as part of an investigation or for litigation purposes.
Personal data is needed to provide our solutions and services business including performance improvement and to maintain accurate business and financial records.
If you have consented to us retaining your personal data for a longer period, we will retain that data in line with your consent.
If we must disclose your data to a third party, we will do so only under the following circumstances.
We are required to do so by law, court order or legal process.
In response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Under the discovery process in litigation.
To enforce our policies or contracts.
To collect amounts owed to us.
When we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity.
Or, if we, in good faith, believe that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable.
In addition, from time to time, server logs may be reviewed for security purposes including, for example, to detect unauthorized activity on the services.
In such cases, server log data containing Personal Data may be shared with law enforcement bodies so that they may identify users in connection with their investigation of the unauthorized activities.
Marketing.
Plus One Robotics would like to send you information about products and services of ours that we think you might like, as well as those of our partner companies.
If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt-out at a later date.
You have the right at any time to stop Plus One Robotics from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your data to other members of the Plus One Robotics Group.
If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please email us at .
What are your data protection rights.
Plus One Robotics would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights.
Every user is entitled to the following.
The right to access – You have the right to request Plus One Robotics for copies of your personal data.
We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that Plus One Robotics correct any information you believe is inaccurate.
You also have the right to request Plus One Robotics to complete information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that Plus One Robotics erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that Plus One Robotics restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to Plus One Robotics’ processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that Plus One Robotics transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
Call us at.
(210) 664-3200.
Or Email us at.
.
What are cookies.
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information.
When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology.
For further information, visit allaboutcookies.
org.
How do we use cookies.
Plus One Robotics uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including.
Improve your browsing experience.
Customizing our interactions with you.
Storing and managing your preferences and settings.
Compiling statistical data.
Analyzing the performance and usability of our services.
Measuring website traffic patterns.
Determining which areas of our websites have been visited.
What types of cookies do we use.
There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses.
Functionality – Plus One Robotics uses these cookies so that we recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences.
These could include what language you prefer and location you are in.
A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are used.
Advertising -Plus One Robotics uses these cookies to collect information about your visit to our website, the content you viewed, the links you followed and information about your browser, device, and your IP address.
Plus One Robotics sometimes shares some limited aspects of this data with third parties for advertising purposes.
We may also share online data collected through cookies with our advertising partners.
This means that when you visit another website, you may be shown advertising based on your browsing patterns on our website .
How to manage cookies.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser.
However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Privacy policies of other websites.
The Plus One Robotics website contains links to other websites.
Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy.
Plus One Robotics keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page.
This privacy policy was last updated on 10 November 2021.
How to contact us.
If you have any questions about Plus One Robotics’ privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at.
.
Call us.
(210) 664-3200.
Or write to us at 639 Billy Mitchell Blvd.
, Suite 185, San Antonio, TX 78226.
Footer.
Company.
About.
History.
Partners.
Careers.
Our Locations.
Contact Us.
Follow us.
youtube.
linkedin.
twitter.
facebook.
Products.
PickOne.
Yonder.
QUICK DEPLOYMENT KIT (QDK).
Applications.
High Speed Parcel Induction.
Depalletizing.
CASE TRANSFER AND PACKING.
SEGMENTED TOTE PICKING.
News.
Press.
Videos.
Blog.
Events.
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP.
Copyright © 2022 Plus One Robotics  | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use.
