Facebook.
Youtube.
LinkedIn.
EN.
中文.
ES.
DE.
moreFRIT日本한국PLPTRU.
FR.
IT.
日本.
한국.
PL.
PT.
RU.
EN.
中文.
ES.
DE.
moreFRIT日本한국PLPTRU.
FR.
IT.
日本.
한국.
PL.
PT.
RU.
Login.
Forgot password.
ProductsIncremental EncodersAbsolute EncodersKit EncodersLinear SensorsInclinometersWiegand SensorsAccessories.
Incremental Encoders.
Absolute Encoders.
Kit Encoders.
Linear Sensors.
Inclinometers.
Wiegand Sensors.
Accessories.
Industries.
NewsProduct NewsEventsPress.
Product News.
Events.
Press.
About UsStructureMission / ValuesHistoryCareerLeaders.
Structure.
Mission / Values.
History.
Career.
Leaders.
ContactDistributorsLocationsSupportContact.
Distributors.
Locations.
Support.
Contact.
logo facebooklogo youtubelogo linkedin.
Footer.
Privacy Notice.
Privacy Policy.
Thank you for Visiting our Website.
We recognize and take seriously our responsibility to protect the personal data you entrust to us from loss, misuse or unauthorized access.
FRABA B.
V.
uses a variety of security technologies and organizational procedures to help protect your personal data.
For example, we implement access controls, use firewalls and secure servers, and we encrypt certain types of data, such as financial information and other sensitive data.
Cookies.
When you visit our website, information is automatically collected which cannot be allocated to any person in particular (e.
g.
via an internet browser or an operating system.
domain names of websites with access being made via a web link.
number of visits.
average browsing time.
pages accessed).
FRABA B.
V.
uses this information for the purpose of continuously improving and updating our websites and making them more attractive.
This information is stored in the form of a so-called “cookie” on your computer.
Cookies allow us, for example, to adapt a website to your preferences or to automatically recognize your computer during the next visit to our home page.
Amongst other things, cookies allow us to store your password to avoid the necessity of re-entering data during future visits.
If you do not want us to recognize your computer, you can easily stop the tracking by clicking the link on the bottom of the page.
Online Forms.
We give you the option to contact us and to download special files by filling out online forms on our website.
When registering on one of our forms you agree that the respective regional subsidiary or sales company may contact you to offer you the best possible customer service.
If you do not wish to be contacted for any advertising purposes by e-mail, you can deactivate this service at any time by going to.
Unsubscribe newsletter.
Linking to Other Websites.
During your online journey across FRABA B.
V.
websites, you may encounter links to other websites for your convenience and information.
We also give you the option to view YouTube videos directly on our website as well as to recommend and discuss website contents using selected social media services.
These websites may operate independently from us, and may have their own privacy notices, statements or policies.
We strongly suggest that you review them to understand how your personal data may be processed in connection with those sites, as we are not responsible for the content of non-FRABA-owned or managed sites, or the use or privacy practices of those sites.
Google Analytics.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
(“Google”).
Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address truncated by the last octet prior to its storage using the “_anonymizeIp()” method) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States .
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider.
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser.
However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Furthermore, you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under .
Objection.
Once you have provided us with your personal data, you have reasonable access to that information so that you can update, modify or, if legally possible, delete it.
For this, please contact our Corporate Data Privacy Officer under .
Changes to this Privacy Notice.
The services that FRABA B.
V.
provides are always evolving and the form and nature of the services may change from time to time without prior notice to you.
For this reason, we reserve the right to change or add to this privacy notice from time to time and will post any material revisions on our websites.
You can call up the current version of the Privacy Policy on our website at any time.
Imprint.
Company.
FRABA B.
V.
Address.
Jan Campertstraat 11.
6416 SG Heerlen.
Netherlands.
Executive.
Christian Leeser.
VAT Number.
NL819955012B01.
Register of Companies.
KvK-Limburg.
14106278.
BTW No.
819955012.
Phone.
+49 221-96213-0.
Fax.
+49 221-96213-10.
Technical realisation.
kernpunkt GmbH, Cologne, Germany.
Imprint.
Privacy Policy.
Terms and Conditions.
Certificates & Statements.
FRABA Group.
Newsletter.
© FRABA B.
V.
, All rights reserved.
