Water treatmentINDUSTRIAL WATER TREATMENT COMPONENTS AND SYSTEMSHydranautics membrane technology products for water treatmentUltrafiltration membranes INGEComposite pressure vessels MWG, PARKContinuous electrodeionization modules IONPUREReverse osmosis membranesEquipment and technologies for mechanical water purification Mechanical filter cartridges for water systemsIon exchange resinsIon exchange resins DOW chemicals , Bayer (Laxess)Ion exchange resins SXJIon exchange resins ResinexFilter media for industrial water treatmentOther components for industrial systemsWATER TREATMENT CHEMICALS AND RAW MATERIALS FOR INDUSTRYWater treatment chemicalsRaw materials for industryRESIDENTIAL FILTRATION SYSTEMSCompact water purification systems for homeConsumable materials for domestic water systems.
INDUSTRIAL WATER TREATMENT COMPONENTS AND SYSTEMSHydranautics membrane technology products for water treatmentUltrafiltration membranes INGEComposite pressure vessels MWG, PARKContinuous electrodeionization modules IONPUREReverse osmosis membranesEquipment and technologies for mechanical water purification.
Hydranautics membrane technology products for water treatment.
Ultrafiltration membranes INGE.
Composite pressure vessels MWG, PARK.
Continuous electrodeionization modules IONPURE.
Reverse osmosis membranes.
Equipment and technologies for mechanical water purification.
Mechanical filter cartridges for water systemsIon exchange resinsIon exchange resins DOW chemicals , Bayer (Laxess)Ion exchange resins SXJIon exchange resins ResinexFilter media for industrial water treatmentOther components for industrial systems.
Mechanical filter cartridges for water systems.
Ion exchange resinsIon exchange resins DOW chemicals , Bayer (Laxess)Ion exchange resins SXJIon exchange resins Resinex.
Ion exchange resins DOW chemicals , Bayer (Laxess).
Ion exchange resins SXJ.
Ion exchange resins Resinex.
Filter media for industrial water treatment.
Other components for industrial systems.
WATER TREATMENT CHEMICALS AND RAW MATERIALS FOR INDUSTRYWater treatment chemicalsRaw materials for industry.
Water treatment chemicals.
Raw materials for industry.
RESIDENTIAL FILTRATION SYSTEMSCompact water purification systems for homeConsumable materials for domestic water systems.
Compact water purification systems for home.
Consumable materials for domestic water systems.
Heating system devices.
News.
Contact Us.
MenuMenu.
Privacy Policy Statement.
Below is statement about UAB Procesu sprendimai (ProcessPro) Privacy Policy and detailed information on the data we collect and how we protect your data.
Company details.
UAB Procesu sprendimai, trade name ( ProcessPro ), later in document – COMPANY .
Address.
Tauro str 8, LT 53333 Ringaudai, Kaunas reg.
Lithuania- later in all document stages mentioned as – UAB procesu sprendimai ( ProcessPro ).
Introduction.
UAB Procesu sprendimai ( ProcessPro ) is committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of the visitors to our web site or our Facebook, Linkedin profile page.
In this Privacy Policy, we’ve provided detailed information on when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
Types of data we collect.
UAB Procesu sprendimai ( ProcessPro ) collects the following types of information about you when you visit our Sites (collectively, “Personal Data”) or through the offline means described above.
If you visit our site, we automatically collect your domain name and/or IP address.
If you communicate with us by email, we collect your email address,.
Otherwise, Personal Data is only collected on UAB Procesu sprendimai ( ProcessPro ) www site or via offline means if you voluntarily choose to provide it-contact form in our www site or Facebook contact form.
Personal Data may include your name and/or that of your employer, title, address, telephone number and email address as well as account or transaction information collected as part of our business relationship with you.
(if it related with purchase/sales process between).
Website Cookies.
In order for this website to function properly, it sometimes places small data files, the so-called cookies, on your device.
This is done by most of the major websites.
A cookie is a small text file that a web portal leaves on your computer or mobile device when you visit it.
Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website.
What are the types of cookies used.
Essential cookies are the cookies that are required to make the website work properly.
They enable the use of certain functions of the website, for example, to safely log in to the account created on the website.
Analytics / activity cookies – these cookies are used to collect data on the number of users who use the website, the content they choose while browsing and other information necessary for the improvement of the functionality of the website.
Functionality cookies – these cookies are used to identify the user who repeatedly uses the website.
They help personalize the content provided on the website, save the selected settings, etc.
How does this website (hereinafter referred to as the Website) use cookies.
Website uses cookies so that it would collect information about your IP address and browsing such as the websites visited by you or the time spent on each website.
This allows the website to remember your system and settings.
Other cookies allow the Website owner to monitor website traffic and user activity on the website – the Website uses these data to analyse visitor behaviour and to improve the experience of visiting the website.
These cookies are installed and used with the Google Analytics tool.
The legal basis to use cookies is the lawful interest of the Website owner to ensure the technical functioning of the website.
In such cases where cookies are used to remember your preferences and collect statistics, the legal basis for the use of cookies is your consent.
How long does the Website keep the data.
The Website uses collected data for analysis for a period up to three years.
Cookies usually remain valid for a short period of time, depending on the type of cookies (one day, week or month), but in some cases they can be valid for a period of up to five years as well.
How can you manage cookies.
You can delete all cookies that are already on your device.
besides, you can set in most browsers that they would not allow installing cookies.
However, if you do this, you may have to enter your preferences every time you visit a website.
In addition, some services and functions can be unavailable.
You can manage and/or delete cookies according to your preferences at any time.
In most browsers you can choose to disable cookies.
Cookie management in your browser.
In most browsers, it is possible.
to check what cookies are inserted and to delete certain cookies.
to block third party cookies.
to block cookies from certain websites.
to block the sending of all cookies.
to delete all cookies when closing the browser.
If you have selected the option to delete cookies, please remember that all the set preferences will be deleted as well.
Furthermore, if you completely block cookies, most of the websites (including our website) will not work properly or the browsing on the website will not work at all.
For these reasons, we do not recommend disabling cookies when you use our website.
Chrome.
.
Explorer.
.
Safari.
.
Firefox.
.
Opera.
.
Google Analytics.
When someone visits our websites  or  we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns.
In addition to a domain name and/or IP address, company collects information about you automatically when you visit our Site.
The information that is automatically collected does not include your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site.
This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone.
We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
Mailing Lists.
When a customer contacts company, either by phone, email or in person, we collect personal information.
We use that information for four possible reasons.
To provide you information that you have requested, such as a quotation or technical support or sales support.
To contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information as you requested us.
To send you any relevant documentation or to discuss the details of any orders that you might have placed, or be in the process of placing.
To very occasionally send you information about products that are relevant to your business.
For item 3, we use Micrsoft Office tools , to deliver this information safe and clear.
As required by applicable law, we rely on several different legal bases to collect, use, and share your Personal Data.
Necessity to Perform Contract with You – we need to process your Personal /company Data to provide our products and services, ensure products and services are working as they should, answer questions and requests from you, manage our business relationship with you and provide customer support.
You are not required to provide all Personal Data identified in this Privacy Statement to use our Sites or to interact with us offline, but certain functionality will not be available if you do not provide certain Personal Data.
If you do not provide certain Personal Data, we may not be able to respond to your requests, perform a transaction with you, or provide you with marketing that we believe you would find valuable.
How the company shares your data with third parties.
If we are requested to disclose Personal Data by law, court of law, or as requested by a governmental or law enforcement authority, we may do so.
Should your company or person decide to place an order with us, there may be internal instances where your personal details will be shared within company internally only.
This will be information such as names, company emails, company telephone numbers and company delivery addresses.
No customer information will be shared with any other external organisation.
We may pass your Personal Data or details of your use of the company web site only internally.
UAB Procesu Sprendimai (UAB Procesu sprendimai ( ProcessPro ) does not sell to third parties any Personal Data derived from a visitor’s of a  or  sites, except as part of the sales process internally in the company.
UAB Procesu Sprendimai ProcessPro takes appropriate steps to keep Personal Data confidential and only discloses this information to related personnel in a UAB Procesu sprendimai (UAB Procesu Sprendimai ProcessPro ) internally or a third party that needs to have access to the information for legitimate business purposes.
Links to third party websites.
Occasionally, UAB Procesu Sprendimai ProcessPro Sites may provide links to the web sites of company suppliers, distributors, sales representatives or other business affiliates.
In these situations, we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices they employ and encourage you to read their own privacy disclosures.
Your choices.
You have the following choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Data.
Marketing Communications.
If you no longer wish to receive any marketing communications, remain on a mailing list to which you previously subscribed or receive any other communication from company, please follow the unsubscribe link in the relevant communications or contact us using the link below.
Cookies and Similar Technologies.
Please review your browser or computer settings for certain cookies and exercise certain choices regarding cookies as recomended.
How the company retains your personal data.
UAB Procesu Sprendimai (UAB Procesu Sprendimai ProcessPro ) only retains your Personal Data for the minimum amount of time necessary to accomplish the purpose for which it was collected.
Access to your personal information.
You are entitled to view, amend, or request to delete the personal information that company hold.
Email your request to our data protection officer at and your request will be checked within 30 working days after receive.
Changes to our privacy policy statement.
UAB Procesu Sprendimai (ProcessPro ) may update this Privacy policy Statement from time to time as our business (e.
g.
merger/acquisition) and services change, or as required by law.
The effective date of our Privacy Statement is posted above, and we encourage you to visit our Sites periodically to stay informed about UAB Procesu Sprendimai (ProcessPro privacy policy practices.
We will post the updated version of the Privacy Statement on our Site, and ask for your consent to the changes if legally required to do so.
How you can contact us.
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy Statement or our privacy practices in general, please contact with any concerns or inquiries via phone at +370686 72008 or via email at .
This policy was last reviewed in June 2019.
It will reviewed again in June 2020.
About company.
Company information.
Privacy Policy.
Contacts and requisites.
Water treatment.
Industrial water treatment components and systems.
Water treatment chemicals.
Raw materials for industry.
Compact water purification systems for home.
Consumable materials for domestic water systems.
Heating system control.
Home heating control systems Salus Controls.
Facebook.
LinkedIn.
Facebook.
Privacy Overview.
