PRODUCTS.
PRICING.
LEARN.
FREE TRIAL.
SUPPORT.
NEWS.
CONTACT.
PRODUCTS.
PRICING.
LEARN.
FREE TRIAL.
SUPPORT.
NEWS.
CONTACT.
Privacy policy and terms of use.
1.
PROCAD privacy policy.
PROCAD Software respects your right to privacy.
Anyinformation provided to PROCAD through this web site will only be used for suchbusiness purposes as.
To assist in the development of softwareapplications most relevant for today’s drafting requirements.
We can best focusour software development efforts if we know what products and features are ofgreatest interest to drafting professionals, and where that interest is comingfrom.
To assist drafting professionals by providingrelevant information about our software (features, upgrades, and specialoffers) by email, newsletters, and telephone.
For billing purposes, in the case of softwareorders.
When permission granted, add to our newsletteremail list to keep you up to date PROCAD news.
2.
How your data is handled.
DATA STORAGE LOCATION.
We are Canadian based company and operate web servers hosted in Canada.
Our hosting provider adheres to the EU/US “Privacy Shield”, ensuring that your data is securely stored and GDPR compliant.
CUSTOMER INFORMATION DATA.
When using our website for any communication purpose, we store provided information in your account in Microsoft Dynamics CRM.
This includes company information, contacts, technical support requests, general emails and any other communications with PROCAD.
You can request to edit or delete this information at any time by contacting us at .
PURCHASE DATA.
When you order a PROCAD subscription or term license, your credit card information is stored by Elavon for the purposes of record keeping and for monthly recurring payments.
This data is highly secured by Elavon against fraud or unauthorized use.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS.
We use Google Analytics on our site for anonymous reporting of site usage.
No personalized data is stored.
CASES WHEN YOUR DATA IS USED.
We use your information in the followingcases.
Verification/identification of the user during website usage.
Providing technical support.
Sending updates to our users with important information to inform about news/changes.
Checking the account activity in order to prevent fraudulent transactions and ensure the security of customers’ personal information.
Customize the website to make your experience more personal and engaging.
Guarantee overall performance and administrative functions run smoothly.
3.
PROCAD terms of use.
USE RESTRICTIONS OF THISSITE.
The information and data provided on PROCAD.
COM “Site” is protected by law, including, but not limited to, the Canadian Copyright Act and international treaties.
The copyright of all information and data provided on thisSite is held by PROCAD Software or by the original creator of the material.
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and download the information and dataon this Site for personal, non-commercial use only, provided you do not modifythe materials and that you retain all copyright and other proprietary noticescontained in the materials.
Any unauthorized use of information or datacontained on this Site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws ofprivacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Trademarks.
The trademarks, service marks, and logos used and displayedon this Site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of PROCAD Software andof the companies noted herein.
® 3DSMART is a registered trademark of PROCAD Software.
® SPOOLCAD is a registered trademark of PROCAD Software.
® Windows, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10, Windows XP andWindows NT are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation.
® Autodesk and AUTOCAD are registered trademarks ofAutodesk, Inc.
, in the USA and/or other countries.
™ DWG is a trademark of Autodesk, Inc.
, in the USAand/or other countries.
WARRANTY DISCLAIMER ANDLIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
The information, evaluation software, free trials, demos and other data on this site are provided “AS IS” without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied.
PROCAD Software does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use, validity, accuracy, or reliability of, or the results of the use of, the information or data on this Site or any sites linked to this Site.
Under no circumstances, including but not limited to, negligence, shall PROCAD Software be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, including but not limited to, loss of data or profit, arising out of the use, or the inability to use, the information or data on this site.
If your use of materials from this Site results in the need for servicing, repair or correction of equipment or data, you assume any costs thereof.
Intelligent software suite for piping and plant design.
With an abundance of automation and data management features, PROCAD provides users with a better way to organize and manage entire projects from start to finish.
SOFTWARE.
Plant Design SuitePiping Suite3DSMART2D piping softwareElectrical drafting softwareSystem requirements.
RESOURCES.
Tech supportDemos and tutorialsTraining & deploymentSoftware updatesUser manualsUpgrade your PROCAD.
PRICING.
Buy nowContact salesLicense types.
System Requirements.
Microsoft Windows 11 64-bit.
Microsoft Windows 10 64-bit version 1803 or higher.
Order PROCAD software to perfectly match your design needs.
Monthly recurring, 1-year, or 3-year licenses.
With included built-in AUTOCAD OEMor as an add-on to your AUTOCAD.
Get individual products.
3DSMART, P&ID, ISOMETRIC, ORTHO, and ELECTRICor save big and get cost-saving bundles like the Piping Suite and Plant Design Suite.
With the right PROCAD solution, you’re ready to tackle any project — and it’s so affordable starting at $1 a day.
Having trouble with the video.
Watch directly on Vimeo.
Powered by AUTOCAD OEM.
All PROCAD software applications come with built-in AUTOCAD® OEM providing you with exceptional CAD functionality.
Your drawing files are also saved in DWG™ file format making it easy to share designs with your customers, suppliers, and other project stakeholders.
The built-in AUTOCAD OEM cannot be customized or used to run other third-party add-on applications.
Having trouble with the video.
Watch directly on Vimeo.
Having trouble with the video.
Watch directly on Vimeo.
Having trouble with the video.
Watch directly on Vimeo.
