Success Stories.
Services  Software Intensive NetworksDigital Customer ExperienceOperational ExcellenceIT AgilityProduct EngineeringSalesforceCloudMedia & Entertainment.
Software Intensive Networks.
Digital Customer Experience.
Operational Excellence.
IT Agility.
Product Engineering.
Salesforce.
Cloud.
Media & Entertainment.
Insights.
About Us  Prodapt FoundationLeadership TeamDiversity and InclusionMassively Distributed DeliveryNewsroom.
Prodapt Foundation.
Leadership Team.
Diversity and Inclusion.
Massively Distributed Delivery.
Newsroom.
Contact Us.
Careers.
View All Services.
Software Intensive Networks.
With virtualized networks, your business can take advantage of evolving technologies like 5G and the opportunities that they bring.
Digital Customer Experience.
Businesses today need to address individuals, not a crowd.
The frontier of excellence is digital, where millions of ones are served at scale.
Operational Excellence.
Continuous improvement is non-negotiable for delivering value to your customers.
Take apart, cutout, reorder, and automate as needed.
IT Agility.
End-to-end service design and implementation that anticipates industry trends in data, digital, and cloud.
Product Engineering.
Emerging future of software, embedded or served, that changes how we use everyday objects.
Or entirely new conceptions of devices.
Salesforce.
Cloud.
Media & Entertainment.
About Us.
Prodapt foundation.
We are on a sustainable endeavor towards making a positive difference to the world we operate in.
Leadership team.
Highly driven individuals with diverse experience and strong business acumen that have a shared vision of inspiring, innovating, and impressing.
Diversity and inclusion.
We believe in connecting people from diverse backgrounds to achieve our collective goal of accelerating ‘Connectedness’.
Massively distributed delivery.
Ultimate business continuity.
Operate from anywhere deliver everywhere, tap talent across the world.
Newsroom.
Get the latest news and feature stories on our businesses, community initiatives, heritage, and people.
Privacy Policy.
Your Privacy is vital to us, Prodapt Solutions Private Limited and its affiliates (“Prodapt”    or “We”) respects your Privacy and is committed to protecting it through compliance to this    Privacy Policy.
When you communicate to us through phone calls/email’s/other mode of communication (including when    you use our Website) we may request for your Personal Data to get valuable feedback from your experience    and we shall provide you the best of services relying on Prodapt’s core values of –    Prodapt’s Values of Integrity, Collaboration, Customer Focus, Commitment and Excellence (our    VOIC3E).
Our VOIC3E is our identity.
Our value is to protect the privacy and Personal Data of every user    who discloses Personal Data to Prodapt.
We are committed to protecting the Privacy of our clients,    prospective clients, contractors, consultants, employees and business partners.
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure you are fully informed.
If you have any    questions about this Privacy Policy or about Prodapt’s data collection, use, and disclosure    practices, please contact us at .
Client Situation.
When you access our Website and communicate to us through phone calls/email’s/other mode of    communication we might ask for your Personal Data, contact information, including items such as first    name, last name, date of birth, address, phone number (personal or official), email address,    nationality, profession, languages, passport details, ID card, social security number or other national    ID card, driver’s license details, personal information about spouse, parents, children, gender,    religion, marital status, wage, salary, work permit, insurances, bank account, credit card details,    educational details, work experience, electronic identification data, picture, images, photographs and    also ask you to leave a message through which we may receive certain additional information which is    included in the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us and any other information you    may choose to provide.
‘Personal Data’ means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural    person (“data subject” or “you” or “your”).
an identifiable natural    person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier    such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors    specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that    natural person.
In connection with the services provided by Prodapt, Prodapt may receive, store and/or process Personal    Data on behalf of third parties including Clients, Business Partners, Vendors, Contractors, Consultants,    Service Providers and Advisors.
In such cases, Prodapt will process such Personal Data pursuant to the    terms of any contracts with such third parties.
In addition, Personal Data may be collected by Prodapt, its employees, consultants or contractors	(“Prodapt Personnel”) (I) As a result of your status as an employee, consultant or    contractor of Prodapt, or (II) When you.
(a) Contact Prodapt through its website,.
(b) Register for or interact with Prodapt Personnel at an event,.
(c) Complete a survey from Prodapt or Prodapt Personnel,.
(d) Correspond with Prodapt or Prodapt Personnel,.
(e) Inquire about Prodapt’s service offerings, or.
(f) Inquire about or apply to become an employee, consultant or contractor of Prodapt.
Personal Data    is also collected through marketing, recruitment, sales and other commercial activities.
Personal Data    is provided by you voluntarily on the basis of legitimate interest pursued by Prodapt and data subject    or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights    and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of Personal Data.
By submitting your Personal    Data you consent to its use in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Social Network.
Prodapt has social network pages to post information related to our company or promote the services    offered by Prodapt and to allow data subject to comment or show interest in our services.
We may use    your Personal Data on the basis of legitimate interest , except where such interests are overridden by    the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of    Personal Data.
You can also refer to the Privacy Policy of such social networking websites to understand    how the Personal Data is dealt by respective social networking entities.
Sensitive Personal Data is generally only collected from Prodapt Personnel as.
(a) Required by law or.
(b) For employment purposes and will be used strictly for such purposes.
How We Use The Data.
We use your Personal Data to perform the contract with you, provide you with customer support and reply    to your requests made through the contact form, find and prevent fraud, develop new content, features    and functionality, collect and manage your consents, record your requests and the communication between    you and Prodapt regarding your Personal Data.
Prodapt reserves the right to use Personal Data collected    for any legitimate business purpose for.
Providing you the services you requested.
Communicating information about products or services.
Offering opportunities to become a Prodapt Personnel.
Responding to requests.
Tracking compliance with the Terms and Conditions of Use of Prodapt’s website.
Analyzing the characteristics of visitors to our website, including applicants and        clients/prospective clients.
Improving the services we offer.
Lawful basis for processing your personal data.
We process your personal data only if.
The data subject has given consent to the processing of his or her personal data for one or more        specific purposes.
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in        order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract.
Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which Prodapt is subject.
Processing is necessary in order to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another        natural person.
Processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest.
Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Prodapt or by a        third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and        freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data, in particular where the data        subject is a child.
We may share your personal data with.
Employees of Prodapt who have a need to know such Personal Data.
Third Parties having a binding agreement with us with a contracted task and for Prodapt’s business        purpose (including background verification, processing benefits/payroll, travel and immigration        purposes, operational reasons such as booking of flight, hotel room or insurance coverage).
As required by law.
Law enforcement, government officials, or other third parties pursuant to a subpoena, court order,        or other legal process.
We shall have your consent or direction to do so to process your Personal Data.
Prodapt may share your    Personal Data with and among its affiliated or related entities.
These entities will use your Personal    Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Cookies.
We only use essential cookies that help us provide you with the best of services.
The data we collect    includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, web pages, operating system, date/time stamp,    managing your consents and request for company data.
Cookies contain a small amount of information that allows our web servers to recognize you.
We store    information that we collect through cookies.
You can configure your browser to refuse to accept cookies    in principle or to inform you in advance when a cookie is stored.
In this case, however, the    functionality of the website may be compromised, and you may not be able to access our Website in the    most efficient manner.
Third-party cookies.
We are not responsible for any third-party links/cookies in our Website, these    services might set up their own cookies to remember you.
In such event kindly read through the Cookies    policy of the respective third party to understand how your Personal Data is managed.
Third Party Processors.
We are committed to reducing to a minimum the Third-Party Processors that we use to lower the risks of    your Personal Data from being exposed.
They are carefully selected and regularly reviewed by us to    ensure that your Personal Data and Privacy is maintained.
They are bound by the data protection clauses    referred in the written Agreement with us and are accordingly obligated to treat your Personal Data    exclusively in accordance with our instructions and the applicable data protection laws.
Security.
Prodapt is a CMMI Level 3, ISO 9001.
2015, ISO 27001.
2013 certified organization and audited under the    SSAE 18/ISAE 3402 (SOC 1 – Type II).
We employ various physical, administrative, and technical measures to maintain the confidentiality    and security of Personal Data and other confidential information, including by.
(a)  Educating and    training Prodapt Personnel and keeping Prodapt Personnel up-to-date on its security and privacy    practices,.
(b)  Keeping such information in its offices and storing such information on its servers in			a secure environment, with appropriate security measures and.
(c)  Only granting access to such    information to individuals who need the information			to perform a specific and authorized task.
Prodapt follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Data, both during    transmission and once received by Prodapt.
However, we would like to let you know that no method    of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
Data Retention.
We retain Personal Data we collect from you where we have an existing legally binding agreement/consent from you to avail/provide services from/to you.
When we have no legally binding agreement/consent from you, we will either delete or, if this is not possible (for example, because your Personal Data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Personal Data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Provided However, in the event it is legally required we retain the Personal Data so long as it is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected.
Further, to protect your privacy and security, we also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before updating or removing your Personal Data.
The Personal Data you provide to us may be archived or stored periodically by us according to backup processes conducted in the ordinary course of business for disaster recovery purposes.
The retention of your Personal Data shall be governed by the Data Retention Policy of Prodapt.
Principles for processing your personal data.
Your personal data shall be.
Processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner in relation to the data subject (‘lawfulness,        fairness and transparency’).
Collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a manner        that is incompatible with those purposes.
further processing for archiving purposes in the public        interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes (‘purpose limitation’).
Adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are        processed (‘data minimisation’).
Accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date.
Prodapt take every reasonable step to ensure that        personal data that are inaccurate, having regard to the purposes for which they are processed, are        erased or rectified without delay (‘accuracy’).
Kept in a form which permits identification of data subjects for no longer than is necessary for        the purposes for which the personal data are processed.
personal data may be stored for longer        periods insofar as the personal data will be processed solely for archiving purposes in the public        interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes (‘storage limitation’).
Processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the personal data, including protection        against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage,        using appropriate technical or organisational measures (‘integrity and confidentiality’).
Prodapt shall be responsible for, and be able to demonstrate compliance with this Privacy Policy        (accountability).
Children.
Prodapt’s website is not intended for use by children.
Prodapt does not knowingly solicit or     collect Personal Data from children under the age of 18.
If you are under the age of 18,     you must obtain the consent of your parent or guardian to use Prodapt’s website.
Changes to this Privacy Policy.
Prodapt reserves the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at     any time and for any reason.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy posted on the     Website apply as soon as they are posted.
By continuing to use the Website after any changes are posted,     user acknowledges acceptance of those changes.
Subscribe to our newsletter.
Submit.
Δ.
Connect with us on.
+1972 201 9009.
Success Stories.
Insights.
Services.
Software Intensive Networks.
Digital Customer Experience.
Operational Excellence.
IT Agility.
Product Engineering.
About Us.
Prodapt Foundation.
Leadership Team.
Diversity & Inclusion.
Massively Distributed Delivery Model.
Newsroom.
Careers.
Life at Prodapt.
Our Values.
Jobs.
FAQs.
[vc_row][vc_column][vc_column_text].
Managed Programmable WAN services.
Transform your E2E legacy WAN through design, engineering, and deployment of SDWAN/SASE.
On Day 1, we ensure service delivery & provisioning, technical project management, and NetOps.
L1‑L4 support on Day 2.
Tooling and integration frameworks for rapidly building & operating custom managed services for meeting TCO and GTM objectives.
Successfully delivered to various Tier‑1 Telcos.
Technology‑Labs‑as‑a‑Service for onboarding and harnessing higher volume of new technology to stay ahead of the competition.
Rich co‑creation partner ecosystem with leading vendors.
Orchestration capabilities to successfully craft and deliver Network‑as‑a‑Service solutions.
Open API integration of a leading COTS orchestrator with digital BSS-OSS (North) and SDWAN controllers (South) for the transformation of operator legacy service fulfillment to on‑demand pay‑as‑you‑use WAN services.
Open Virtual Exchange (OVX).
The OVX brings ready‑to‑use automation use cases, Multi-vendor (MV)‑Lab infrastructure to mirror your environment, and provides self‑serve training, and platforms.
It provides a technology vendor marketplace with network‑cloud choices, and SMEs to adopt cloud ISV (Independent Software Vendor) ecosystem services faster.
[/vc_column_text][/vc_column][/vc_row].
[vc_row][vc_column][vc_column_text].
5G, Network Cloud & Edge Services.
Realize early benefits by targeting shorter value-chains through our array of services, crafted to support immediate and long-term 5G transformation and monetization goals.
Address vital components required to deliver your MVPs and redesign them through our agile feedback loop.
The major components for MVPs include technology exploration, Virtual Network Function (VNF)/Cloud‑native VNF onboarding, benchmarking and certification, Network-Cloud solutions, and MANO + 5G OSS reshaping/integration solutions.
Collaboration with technology labs, co-creation partner ecosystem and Lab‑as‑a‑Service for bootstrapping 5G technology adoption and industrialization.
Multi‑component POCs for open source (ONAP and ORAN), VNF onboarding and benchmarking, and interop testing.
COTS‑based MANO solutions with Open API integration to incumbent OSS functions.
Network-slicing POCs using reference orchestration and devised solutions to resolve the challenges posed by network slice services and lifecycle interdependencies.
Collaboration with web‑scale operators to co‑create vertically integrated MEC and Edge Cloud orchestration.
Lite Edge Orchestrator (LEO).
The LEO is a domain orchestrator for the 5G edge cloud to provision autonomous edge services and manages domain resources.
It combines edge computing, and networking (5G, SDN, SDWAN) control on its southbound and exposes an open API interface for services & macro resources (Eg.
TMF 638, 639, 640, etc.
) for wider digital integration.
[/vc_column_text][/vc_column][/vc_row].
[vc_row][vc_column][vc_column_text].
Network Analytics & Assurance.
Get E2E network visibility and enable effective network transformation through our solutions for highly disaggregated networks such as Telco Cloud, IT Multi‑cloud, and 5G vRAN/ORAN.
Get access to focused engineering and scalable, specialized components and integrate them into your E2E journeys using TM Forum Open APIs.
Enhanced network reliability through advanced engineering use‑cases such as Digital Twin, using components like high‑speed message bus, SIEM solutions, ELK monitoring, RCA, and discovery.
Machine‑based high‑resolution and real‑time system forensics during test case runs, using multimodal data (network traces, telemetry, logs, events, and time-series metrics).
Data-sciences ability for non‑classical insights‑driven AIOps solutions for advanced operations such as predictive assurance, and intelligent network capacity prediction.
Synapt.
Synapt facilitates the evolution of big data analytics into an applied intelligence hub.
It leverages intelligent capabilities in web‑scale operators and brings together reusable intelligent microservices to build E2E solutions.
Unified data pipelining.
Easy deployment & monitoring.
Faster AI/ML training using GPU.
Network 360.
Network 360, when used as an enabler, delivers real-time 360° network visualization to drive smart decisions.
Intelligent and convergent view of the network.
Fulfillment of growing demands for network planning, network operations, and various business user communities.
Network Service Assurance (NeSA).
The NeSA is an end‑to‑end service assurance solution over a unified data platform channelized from various sources.
Playbook automation, automated root cause analysis, self‑remediation, and predictive maintenance.
E2E visibility and advanced analytics functions for customer experience center.
[/vc_column_text][/vc_column][/vc_row].
[vc_row][vc_column][vc_column_text].
Network Orchestration & Control.
Leverage our experience in developing and delivering transformative, intent-driven service orchestration which efficiently co-work with legacy systems via Open API integration.
We help you with both – leading COTS orchestration technologies and open-source industry orchestration initiatives.
2‑level approach on a rotational basis – COTS‑focused engineering practices, open-source expertise groups and cross‑skilling solution architects.
Partnership with high-caliber OEM engineering services covering the leading technologies – Ciena BluePlanet, Nokia, Cisco NSO, ServiceNow TSM and ONAP.
Fiber‑as‑a‑Service.
The Fiber‑as‑a‑Service facilitates faster innovation and revenue growth with out‑of‑the‑box fiber capabilities.
Accelerate the quote to order service activation.
Scale capabilities aligned to your growth faster with best of breed solution components.
Service Modeler.
The Service Modeler offers a rich and easy-to-use UI to design service and data models.
Other features of this accelerator are as follows.
TMF & MEF Compliance.
Loaded Blueprints with the TMF & MEF standards.
API specification management.
Define API specifications following TMF open APIs and customization.
Change management.
Change tracker with lifecycle management and version control.
Network Service Orchestration (NeSO).
The NeSO offers full lifecycle management of services across domains (xNFs) with a centralized service catalog & policy management.
Resource lifecycle management, configuration, activation, and closed-loop control.
Single pane of glass for service inventory and topology, with discovery and reconciliation capabilities.
[/vc_column_text][/vc_column][/vc_row].
[vc_row][vc_column][vc_column_text].
Network Automation and NetDevOps.
Leverage our expertise in OSS transformation delivery across the diversity of Telco/DSP environments, and IT automation of multi‑domain hybrid networks and cloud.
Transform your cost‑intensive parts of NetOps using our expert user‑defined automation framework or cloud‑age anti‑toil paradigms like Network Reliability Engineering (NRE), and Infrastructure‑as‑Code (IaC).
Data science capabilities to drive inorganic insights-based digital outcomes like network fault predictions, rapid root cause analysis, and the next best action, especially in cost-intensive operational domains.
Control over cross‑domain solution development and delivery to achieve E2E agility, using our expertise in NetDevOps and test automation.
NetBots.
AI.
NetBots.
AI is a set of network microservices that does the heavy lifting of the repetitive NetOps tasks and improves the efficiency of the network engineers when scaled with a unified GUI and customizable bot catalog.
[/vc_column_text][/vc_column][/vc_row].
[vc_row][vc_column][vc_column_text].
Network Services Advisory.
Formulate strategies, roadmaps, and blueprints for multi‑domain transport networks, Telco Cloud, multi‑cloud IT Infra, NetOps/NetDevOps, automation & orchestration control solutions.
Transform your network with our expertise in network & cloud domain, NetOps transformation delivery, and labs‑led research/exploration in 5G/SDN/NFV/Data Science.
Actionable insights and consensus from multi‑organizational, multi-stakeholder landscapes for vital, yet conflicting priorities like security, interoperability, speed-to-market, and profitability.
Evaluation and selection of the right Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) and Independent Software Vendors (ISVs) for network transformation landscape.
Identification of best‑in‑the‑industry solutions to adopt network of the future, that is service-oriented, flexible, and democratized.
[/vc_column_text][/vc_column][/vc_row].
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"].
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"].
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"].
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"].
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"].
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"].
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"].
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"].
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"].
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"].
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"].
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"].
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"].
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"].
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"].
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"].
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"].
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"].
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"].
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"].
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"].
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"].
