HomeProject FrogMeet the TeamPortfolioLANTANA LED.
Home.
Project Frog.
Meet the Team.
Portfolio.
LANTANA LED.
Building SolutionsIndustrialized ConstructionPrefabricated BuildingsPrefab Building PerformancePrefab Building ProgramsProject Frog FitProject Frog Flex.
Building Solutions.
Industrialized Construction.
Prefabricated Buildings.
Prefab Building Performance.
Prefab Building Programs.
Project Frog Fit.
Project Frog Flex.
IndustriesRetailEducationHealthcare.
Industries.
Retail.
Education.
Healthcare.
KitConnectOverviewApplicationsBenefitsFeaturesFAQsComing Soon.
User Login.
KitConnect.
Overview.
Applications.
Benefits.
Features.
FAQs.
Coming Soon.
User Login.
NewsFeatured ArticlesIC Insights Blog.
News.
Featured Articles.
IC Insights Blog.
Connect.
Connect.
More.
More.
Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of Project Frog for using their website, projectfrog.
com, and other websites owned or controlled by Project Frog.
This Privacy Policy applies only to data collected by all the websites owned or controlled by Project Frog and will notify you of the following.
​.
Changes to this Privacy Policy.
If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by revising the "Last Updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice, such as sending you an email notification or posting a statement to our website.
If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you more directly by email or a post on the website prior to the change taking effect.
If you do not agree with any of the changes and do not want your information to be subject to the revised Privacy Policy, you will need to stop using our services and deactivate with us.
Your use of Frog services after the posting of such changes will constitute your consent to those changes.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing.
We are the sole owners of all the information collected on this site.
We only have access to/collect information that you willingly give us via email or other ways.
We will use your information to communicate with you regarding the reason you contacted us.
We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.
g.
to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to inform you about new products or services, or any change to this Privacy Policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information.
You may opt-out of any future communication from us at any time.
If you would like to.
access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, you are invited to contact us at 415.
814.
8500, or online.
​.
Registration.
In order to use some of our services, a user completes the registration/contact form.
A user is required to give certain information and that information will be used in the future to contact the user about the products/services on our site in which the user has expressed interest.
Membership/Subscription Orders.
We request information from you on our membership/subscription form.
To use our services, you must provide contact information and financial information.
This information is solely used for billing purposes.
If we have trouble processing a service request, we will use the provided information to contact you.
Security.
We take precautions to protect your information.
Your sensitive information submitted via the website is protected both online and offline.
We use encryption to protect your sensitive information transmitted online.
Only employees who need sensitive information to perform a job are granted access to that personal information.
We keep the devices/servers in which personally identifiable information is stored, in a secure environment.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and securely transmitted to us.
You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
Cookies.
We use first-party and third-party cookies on this site.
A cookie is a small file stored on a site visitor's computer to improve your experience and identify repeat visitors to our site.
Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
If you use and interact with our websites or emails, we automatically collect information about your device and your usage of our websites or emails through cookies or similar technologies.
​.
The cookies we use.
Account-related cookies.
If you sign up for an account, we will use cookies for the management of the signing process and My Account.
Login-related cookies.
This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page.
These cookies are usually removed or cleared when you log out.
Email-related cookies.
Our website offers subscription services and these cookies will be used to remember if you are already registered.
They also show certain notifications to subscribed or unsubscribed users.
Forms related cookies.
When you submit data through an online form cookies may be set to remember your user details for future communication.
Analytics cookies.
Our Site uses certain third-party cookies, such as Google Analytics and they are trusted solutions for helping us to understand how we can improve your experience.
They collect data about how you interact with the website and our services over time.
​.
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this).
The following links explain how to access cookie settings in various browsers.
Cookie settings in Firefox.
Cookie settings in Firefox.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer.
Cookie settings in Google Chrome.
Cookie settings in Google Chrome.
Cookie settings in Safari (OS X).
Cookie settings in Safari (OS X).
Cookie settings in Safari (iOS).
Cookie settings in Safari (iOS).
Cookie settings in Android.
Cookie settings in Android.
To opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit.
​.
Sharing.
We share aggregated demographic information with our partners.
This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
And/or.
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services.
These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
And/or.
We partner with another party to provide specific services.
When the user signs up for these services, we will share names or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services.
These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Orders.
We request information from you on our order form.
To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date).
This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders.
If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
Links.
Our website has links to other websites.
Please note that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware and read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
​.
Project Frog Web-Properties.
Projectfrog.
com, projectfrog.
net, projectfrog.
biz, projectfrog.
us, projectfrog.
org.
Lantanaled.
com, lantanabyfrog.
com, lantanaluminaire.
com, projectfrogled.
com.
Frogfivebuildings.
com.
kit-connect.
com, frogkitconnect.
com.
Device and Usage Data.
We gather certain information automatically on connection with the use of our website by users such as IP address or proxy server, device, browser type, location, date/time, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, the pages viewed, and operating system.
This information is used to analyze the trend and help us to improve our websites and to guarantee continued proper functioning and security.
In addition, we gather certain information automatically as part of your use of cloud products and services.
Contact.
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy or you feel that we are not abiding by this Privacy Policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 415.
814.
8500 or online.
Home.
Project Frog.
The Team.
The Portfolio.
LANTANA LED.
Industry Solutions.
Education.
Healthcare.
Retail.
Building Solutions.
Building Performance.
Building Programs.
Project Frog Fit.
Project Frog Flex.
Industrialized Construction.
KitConnect.
Overview.
Applications.
Features.
BenefitsFAQs.
Coming Soon.
User Login.
News.
Insights Blog.
​.
Contact Us.
415-814-8500.
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use.
© 2021 Project Frog  99 Green St.
2nd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94111.
