SolutionsForesight OptimaForesight MaintenanceForesight Service.
Foresight Optima.
Foresight Maintenance.
Foresight Service.
Technology.
IndustriesData CentersHealthcareManufacturingUtilities.
Data Centers.
Healthcare.
Manufacturing.
Utilities.
Partners.
AboutWhy QiO.
Leadership TeamAdvisory BoardCareers.
Why QiO.
Leadership Team.
Advisory Board.
Careers.
Contact.
Contact Us.
Request a Demo.
AI Powered Industrial Sustainability.
SolutionsForesight OptimaForesight MaintenanceForesight Service.
Foresight Optima.
Foresight Maintenance.
Foresight Service.
Technology.
IndustriesData CentersHealthcareManufacturingUtilities.
Data Centers.
Healthcare.
Manufacturing.
Utilities.
Partners.
AboutWhy QiO.
Leadership TeamAdvisory BoardCareers.
Why QiO.
Leadership Team.
Advisory Board.
Careers.
Contact.
Privacy Policy.
INTRODUCTION.
QiO Technologies Ltd is committed to respecting privacy and protecting personal information.
This Privacy Notice comes into effect from 25 May 2018 in accordance with the new General Data Protection Regulations.
We’ve written this Privacy Notice to advise how we use your personal information.
In it, we explain the types of personal information we collect, how we collect it, what we use it for and who we may share personal information with.
This Privacy Notice applies to all personally identifiable information we process in connection with your relationship with us.
The General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) is comprehensive European data protection legislation which comes into effect 25th May 2018.
The legislation provides significant data rights for EU citizens and has a wide-ranging impact on companies inside the EU.
However, it is a global issue and companies outside of the EU who collects or processes data on EU citizens will also need to comply.
In short, the GDPR is a regulation that the European Union intended to harmonize data protection and data privacy laws throughout the member states of the EU.
We believe all individuals have the right to these standards of protection and are therefore applying these principles globally.
CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE.
This Privacy Notice was created 9th May 2018 and updated on 3rd May 2019.
It is important that the personal data we hold about data subjects is accurate and current.
Data subjects should keep us informed if their personal data changes during our relationship.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND QiO’S ARRANGEMENTS FOR DATA PRIVACY.
This Privacy Notice aims to give data subjects information about how QiO collects and processes their personal data through their interaction with us, including data that may be provided through our website when they subscribe to newsletters or make an inquiry.
Controller.
QiO Technologies Ltd is the data controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR).
Processor.
QiO Technologies Ltd is the data processor for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR).
Data Subject.
Any individual who uses our website, subscribes to our newsletters, submits their details through the contact us form or who otherwise make contact with QiO.
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer who can be contacted on.
.
Opting Out.
Data subjects have the right to remove their data should they so wish.
As a subscriber to our newsletter you can do this by clicking unsubscribe on the last email you received from us.
We can also remove your data at your request via email within 72 hours of receipt.
Data subjects have the right to complaint regarding data protection issues at any time to the Information Commissioners Office (ICO), however QiO take matters of data privacy seriously and would appreciate the chance to deal with any concerns before the data subject approaches the ICO.
WHEN AND HOW DO WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA.
We will only use personal data of data subjects when the law permits, and we will use all such personal data in accordance with this Privacy Notice and General Data Protection Regulations.
By subscribing to our newsletter for example, this allows us to collect your data which is held by a secure third-party system.
We are not responsible for their Privacy Notices.
however, we have collected copies of their Privacy Policies to be assured that they are GDPR compliant.
This includes data which is coming from, processed or stored outside of the EU.
We use different methods to collect data from and about data subjects including through.
Direct interactions.
The data subject may give us their personal data by filling in forms online or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or by face to face meetings.
Automated technologies or interactions.
As a data subject interacts with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about their equipment, browsing actions and patterns.
We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies.
Third-Party Sources.
We may solicit third-parties to collect personal data on our behalf (such as social media platform providers) and in such cases we instruct those third-parties to comply with this Privacy Notice and all applicable data protection laws.
If we directly combine information from third-parties with personal data that we have collected, we will treat the combined information as personal data and handle it in accordance with this Notice.
WHAT TYPES OF PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT.
This Privacy Notice covers all personal information that we collect, store or process in connection with your relationship with QiO Technologies Ltd.
By “Personal Information” we mean information about you where you are, or could be, identified, such as your name, contact details, your IP address and other information which could be personally identifiable.
As an individual, company, business partner or other third party personal information may be collected during our relationship and we will keep this information about you for up to six years after our relationship has ended.
Personal Details.
Including your name, email address or contact details.
Monitoring.
We also collect, use and share aggregated data such as statistical data.
Aggregated data may be derived from a data subjects personal data, but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal their identity.
For example, we may use data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific webpage or website feature.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data (such as race, ethnicity, religious beliefs, political opinions, sexual orientation etc.
) from your use of our website, subscription or any contact with QiO.
WHAT DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR.
To communicate with you.
For the development and provision of products and services.
To give effect to the contractual relationship between you and us.
We will only process your data in order to fulfill the specific purposes that it was collected.
We only process personal data if we have a lawful basis to do so.
The lawful basis that we rely upon is as follows.
Where it is necessary to perform the contract.
Where it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests.
Where you have consented to the processing.
PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL USE PERSONAL DATA.
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH.
Your personal information may be shared within the group of companies controlled by our parent company, QiO Technologies Ltd and its subsidiaries and branches.
We will share your personal data with third party systems such as CRM or call answering services.
We will never have, and never will sell your data or use it for any other purpose outside of this Privacy Notice.
Data Retention.
We will only retain personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes that it was collected.
Data subjects have the right to remove their data should they so wish.
As a subscriber to our newsletter you can do this by clicking unsubscribe on the last email you received from us.
We can also remove your data at your request via email within 72 hours of receipt.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers, after they cease being our customers for six years for tax purposes.
In some circumstances we may anonymise personal data for research and statistical purposes in which case e may use this information indefinitely without further notice to the original data subject.
Data subjects legal rights.
Under certain circumstances, the data subject has rights under data protection laws in relation to their personal data.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights please email .
Requesting access to the personal data we hold about you.
Requesting correction to the personal data we hold about you.
Requesting removal of the personal data we hold about you.
Requesting restrictions to processing of your personal data.
Withdrawing your consent.
QiO Technologies.
Solutions.
Foresight Optima.
Foresight Maintenance.
Foresight Service.
Company.
Why QiO.
Careers.
Contact.
Privacy Policy.
Contact.
+44 (0) 203 300 0177.
Copyright © 2022 QiO Technologies LTD				QiO Technologies LTD is a limited company registered in England & Wales | One High Street, Egham, Surrey, TW20 9HJ, United Kingdom | Company Number.
09368431.
DEUTSCHE.
Die vierte industrielle Revolution, oder Industrie 4.
0, ist gekennzeichnet durch das intelligente Vernetzen von Maschinen, Produkten und Mitarbeitern mit cyber-physikalischen Systemen in intelligenten Fabriken.
Die Produktion in intelligenten Fabriken wird hochflexibel.
Die Optimierung der Wertschöpfungskette erfolgt darin basierend auf Echtzeit-Anforderungen, Mitarbeiter werden von intelligenten Kontrollsystemen profitieren.
In der intelligenten Fabrik wird die Kombination aus Material, Lieferanten, Ausrüstung und qualifizierten Mitarbeitern so organisiert, dass sie Einheiten produzieren, die den Kundenanforderungen in Echtzeit genügen.
Die Personalisierung auf Kunden- und Marktsegmente wird durch integrierten Bedarfssignale gewährleistet, um skalierbare Geschäfte zu erzielen.
Die intelligente Fabrik erfordert eine flexible und agile vernetzte Produktion.
Flexibilität bedeutet, dass die Betriebsmittel in der Lage sein müssen, eine Vielzahl unterschiedlicher Produktionsprozesse durchzuführen.
Die Mitarbeiter müssen über ein sehr breites Spektrum an Qualifikationen und Erfahrungen im Umgang mit verschiedenen Systemen und Methoden verfügen.
Darüber hinaus erfordert die Flexibilität eine sehr hohe Verfügbarkeit der Einsatzmittel.
Vernetzt bedeutet, dass alle relevanten Informationen für die Herstellung eines Produkts in Echtzeit zwischen allen Systemen und den am Prozess beteiligten Personen ausgetauscht werden.
Tritt beispielsweise bei kritischen Anlagen ein Fehler auf, müssen neue Wege durch die Produktion gefunden werden, um Aufträge termingerecht zu erfüllen.
Um das zu erzielen müssen alternative Arbeitspläne und die daraus resultierenden Produktionskosten und -zeiten analysiert werden.
Neue Produktionseinheiten entstehen durch die neue Kombination von Ressourcen, Ausrüstung und Personal pro Auftrag.
Dies erfordert eine enge Interaktion zwischen Ausrüstung, Ressourcen und Mitarbeitern mit einem intelligenten Produktionssystem, das sowohl die alternativen Routen als auch die Produktionskapazitäten verwaltet.
Daher ist die Integration von Daten aus verschiedenen Systemen intern und extern unerlässlich.
Ziel dieses Forschungsprojekts ist es, Techniken zur Realisierung schlanker intelligenter Fabriken zu entwickeln, umzusetzen und zu validieren.
Das erste Projektziel ist die Entwicklung von neuen Algorithmen die den aktuellen Zustand der Fabrik bei der Erstellung des Produktionsplans berücksichtigen.
Das zweite Projektziel ist die Entwicklung einer Methodik für das Lösen von Systemen mit multiplen und teilweise probabilistischen Randbedingungen basierend auf reinforcement learning techniques.
Das dritte Projektziel ist es, eine mathematische Darstellung des genauen Zustands und Verhaltens der Produktionsanlagen zu generieren, die QiO den PARCS score nennt.
In diesem Arbeitspaket werden hochdimensionale teilweise diskrete Optimierungsprobleme mit einer Vielzahl von Nebenbedingungen mit modernen mathematischen Verfahren bearbeitet.
ENGLISH.
The fourth industrial revolution, or Industry 4.
0, is marked by the intelligent networking of machines, products and employees with cyber-physical systems in Smart Factories.
Production in Smart Factories will be highly flexible, highly productive and resource efficient.
The optimization of the value chain is based on real-time requirements.
At the Smart Factory, the combination of materials, suppliers, equipment and skilled employees is organized to produce units that meet customer demands in real time.
Personalization to customer and market segments is ensured by integrated demand signals to achieve scalable business.
The Smart Factory requires flexible and agile networked production.
Flexibility means that the operating resources must be able to carry out a variety of different production processes.
Employees are required to have a very broad range of qualifications and experience in using different systems and methods.
Furthermore, flexibility requires a very high availability of operating resources.
Networked means that all the relevant information for the manufacture of a product is shared in real-time between all of the systems and people involved in the process.
This requires information about potential machine breakdown, delays to a supplier order, missing parts, personnel availability or available skills.
If a fault occurs to critical piece of equipment, for instance, new routes through production must be found in order to fulfil orders on time.
In order to do this, alternative work schedules and the resulting production costs and times must be analysed.
New production units arise through the new combination of resources, equipment and personnel per order.
This requires close interaction between equipment, resources and the workforce with a master intelligent production system, which manages the alternative routes as well as production capacity.
As such integration of data from diverse systems internal and external is therefore essential.
The aim of this research project is to develop, implement and validate techniques for the realization of Smart Factories.
The first project objective is the development of new algorithms that take into account the current state of the factory when creating the production plan.
The second project objective is the development of a methodology for solving systems with multiple and partially probabilistic constraints based on reinforcement learning techniques.
The third goal of the project is to generate a mathematical representation of the exact condition and behaviour of the production facilities, which QiO calls the PARCS™ score.
It is designed to enable engineers within software tools such as the QiO Foresight Engine™.
This work package deals with high-dimensional, partially discrete optimization problems with a variety of constraints using modern mathematical methods.
The results of the project proposed here go well beyond the general state of the art, especially in the fields.
Artificial intelligence for the dynamic learning and modeling of production processes.
Artificial intelligence for production planning and supply chain management.
Traditional approaches to modeling and describing production processes assume a well-known problem and seek a solution to a specific problem.
This approach is not suitable for solving such problems in the context of an intelligent factory.
The boundary conditions that describe the processes change regularly here and they are mostly of a probabilistic nature.
We plan to learn the processes dynamically based on the data produced by a production hall.
We call such dat, the voice of the production hall.
Such automated learning is important because constructing a graphical model by a human expert can be cumbersome and time-consuming.
If, as is often the case, there is a database of examples, learning techniques can do at least part of the work.
This approach should lead to an always current and dynamic view on the production processes.
It should also form a mathematical basis for dynamic production planning as it will be described in the next.
