Other Items.
Back to Top.
Print.
Go to "Contact Us" Page.
Qorvo.
Sign In.
How To Buy.
Investors.
Support.
Careers.
中文.
Buy OnlineBuy from an Authorized Channel PartnerBuy Direct from Qorvo SalesContact a Sales RepresentativeRequest a QuoteRequest a SampleSee All Buying Options.
All Around You.
Entire Site.
Products by Part #.
Products by Description.
Documents.
Entire Site.
Products.
Applications.
Foundry.
Design Hub.
Innovation.
Support.
About Us.
Newsroom.
Careers.
Go to Products.
Amplifiers.
Control Products.
Discrete Transistors.
Filters & Duplexers.
Frequency Converters & Sources.
Integrated Products.
Optical.
Passives.
Power Management.
Switches.
Wireless Connectivity.
Go to Applications.
Automotive.
Consumer Goods & Electronics.
Customer Premises Equipment.
Defense and Aerospace.
Industrial.
Information Technology.
Internet of Things.
Mobile Products.
Network Infrastructure.
Power & Lighting.
Go to Foundry.
Go to Design Hub.
Block Diagrams.
Design Tools.
Blog.
Brochures.
Infographics.
E-Books.
Technical Articles.
Videos.
White Papers.
Go to Innovation.
5G The Future of RF.
Biotechnologies.
Customer Stories.
Technology.
Ultra-Wideband.
Wi-Fi.
Go to Support.
How to Buy.
Technical Support.
Samples & Eval Boards.
Product Life Cycle Information.
Supplier Resources.
Subscription Center.
Longevity Product Program.
Go to About Us.
Executive Leadership.
Board of Directors.
Our History.
Our Communities.
Awards.
Quality.
Corporate Social and Environmental Responsibility.
Locations.
Corporate Resources.
Go to Newsroom.
News.
Media Contacts.
Media Resources.
Newsletters.
Events and Trade Shows.
Go to Careers.
Engineering Careers.
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion.
Veterans.
Women in Tech.
Internships & Recent College Graduates.
Life at Qorvo.
Our Locations.
Top Reasons to Work at Qorvo.
Interviewing at Qorvo.
Recruiting Agencies.
Go to Amplifiers.
CATV Amplifiers.
Distributed Amplifiers.
Driver Amplifiers (< 3 W).
Gain Block Amplifiers.
High Frequency Amplifiers (> 6 GHz).
Low Noise Amplifiers (NF < 3 dB).
Low Phase Noise Amplifiers.
Mobile Amplifiers.
Power Amplifiers (> 3 W).
Spatium® SSPA.
Variable Gain Amplifiers.
Wi-Fi Network Equipment Amplifiers.
Go to Control Products.
Attenuators.
Limiters.
Phase Shifters.
Programmable Capacitor Arrays.
Go to Discrete Transistors.
GaAs pHEMTs.
GaN HEMTs.
Go to Filters & Duplexers.
Antennaplexers.
Diplexers.
Duplexers.
LowDrift™ and NoDrift™ Filters.
Multiplexers.
Notch Filters.
RF Filters.
Go to Frequency Converters & Sources.
Integrated Synthesizers with Mixers.
Mixers.
Modulators.
Multipliers.
Upconverters / Downconverters.
Go to Integrated Products.
Automotive.
CATV Hybrid Amplifiers.
Defense & Aerospace.
Internet of Things.
Mobile.
Wi-Fi.
Wireless Infrastructure.
Go to Optical.
Bessel Filters & Through Lines.
Modulator Drivers.
Power Amplifiers / Clock Drivers.
Receivers.
Transimpedance Amplifiers.
Go to Passives.
Bessel Filters & Through Lines.
ESD Protection Circuits.
Fixed Attenuators.
Limiters.
Transformers.
Go to Power Management.
Battery Management Devices.
DC/DC Converters.
Intelligent Motor Controllers.
Modular PMICs.
Power Loss Protection Devices.
Power Management for RF.
Go to Switches.
Antenna Switch Modules.
Discrete Switches.
Diversity Switches.
Go to Wireless Connectivity.
Low Power IoT.
Ultra-Wideband.
Wi-Fi.
Go to Automotive.
Automotive Antennas.
Car Chargers / Power Adapters.
Infotainment.
Light Electric Vehicles.
Telematics.
Go to Consumer Goods & Electronics.
Battery Chargers.
Battery Packs / Power Banks.
Bluetooth Speakers.
Drones / RC Devices.
Garden Tools.
Home Appliances / White Goods.
Home Medical Devices.
Portable Consumer Electronics.
Power Tools.
USB Charging Hubs.
Wearables.
Go to Defense and Aerospace.
Communications.
Electronic Warfare.
Radar.
Space.
Go to Industrial.
AC Powered Fans.
Pumps & Compressors.
Robotics.
Go to Information Technology.
Barcode Scanners & Printers.
Hot Plug Devices.
Point Of Sale Terminals.
Processors.
Server & Telecom Fans.
Solid-State Drives.
Go to Internet of Things.
Distributed Wi-Fi.
Industrial, Scientific & Medical.
Lifestyle Systems.
Remote Controls.
Smart Energy.
Smart Home.
Go to Mobile Products.
5G / UHB FEM.
Carrier Aggregation.
Dual Uplink.
Mobile 5G.
Mobile Filters.
Mobile Wi-Fi.
RF Flex™.
RF Fusion™.
Antenna Control Solutions.
Go to Network Infrastructure.
Broadband Access.
GPS.
Optical.
Point-to-Point Radio.
Satellite Communications.
Wireless Infrastructure.
Go to Power & Lighting.
Backup Power Systems / UPS Units.
Solid-State Lighting.
Go to Design Tools.
Evaluation Tools.
Interactive Tools & Calculators.
Simulation Model Libraries.
Go to E-Books.
5G RF For Dummies® Second Edition.
Antenna Aperture Tuning E-Guide.
A Comprehensive Guide to mmWave Solutions.
Connected Car For Dummies®.
Filters For Dummies®.
GaN For Dummies® 2nd Edition.
Internet of Things For Dummies®.
Ultra-Wideband For Dummies®.
Motor Control For Dummies®.
Power Management For Dummies®.
Go to Customer Stories.
New Wireless LED Driver Platform Advances and Future Proofs Commercial Lighting Applications.
The Next Industrial Revolution Runs on Wireless Connectivity.
Behind the Scenes.
Perseverance Rover’s "Seven Minutes of Terror".
Volkswagen Drives Production with UWB Operations.
Bringing the Bible to Life with Ultra-Wideband.
Qorvo Helps Xiaomi Reap Full Potential of Wi-Fi 6.
A Look Inside the U.
S.
Army's Counterfire Radar System.
People Power and Qorvo Deliver Smart Internet of Things Systems.
Smart Home Energy Management with Levarys and Qorvo.
Go to Technology.
Advanced Packaging.
Bulk Acoustic Wave (BAW).
Gallium Nitride (GaN).
RF Integration.
Go to Ultra-Wideband.
Technology.
Markets & Applications.
Products.
Resources.
Partners.
Community Forum.
Go to Quality.
Certifications.
Product Change Notices.
Go to Corporate Social and Environmental Responsibility.
CS & ER Program.
Supplier Responsibility.
Go to Media Resources.
Management Photos.
Go to Newsletters.
New Product Announcements.
Quarterly Newsletters.
Go to Events and Trade Shows.
Past Trade Shows.
New Products.
Explore the latest additions to our product portfolio.
New Products.
5G Innovation.
Qorvo is paving a path to 5G.
Foundry Technologies.
Learn about our cutting-edge foundry technologies.
Free E-Book.
5G RF For Dummies® 2nd Edition.
Get ready for the future of IoT and mobile communication.
GaN Innovation.
Qorvo's GaN technology helps keep you connected and protected.
Get in Touch.
Contact Qorvo via phone, email or form.
Qorvo's Vision.
Our journey for a better, more connected tomorrow.
Qorvo Blog.
Read the latest RF trends, how-to articles, design tips and more from Qorvo experts.
Why Qorvo.
See the top reasons to work at Qorvo.
Privacy Policy.
Last Updated.
Jan 1, 2021.
Qorvo Inc.
("Qorvo" or "we" or "us") offers access to the website with the URL  ("Website") that links to this Privacy Policy (this "Policy") subject to the terms of this Policy.
This Policy explains how your personal information is collected, used and disclosed by Qorvo.
Data protection is a high priority for Qorvo.
We comply with the data protection laws of the countries in which we do business.
Internal data protection regulations ensure that uniform and high data protection standards apply.
Extensive operational, technical and organizational security measures protect your data against accidental and deliberate manipulation, loss and destruction and against access by unauthorized persons.
We regularly review our security measures and adapt them to address technological developments that impact data protection.
Personal Information Collected.
We collect information about you in various ways when you use our Website.
We only collect personal information when you provide it to us.
For example, we may collect your name, email address, postal address, phone number, fax number, demographics and other information you provide us on our Website.
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect on our Website.
To the extent such information contains your personal information, we will treat it in accordance with this Policy.
Our Website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children.
When you visit our Website, some information is automatically collected.
For example, when you visit our Website, your computer's operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type and language, and the last Website page you visited are logged automatically.
We also collect information about your usage and activity on our Website.
Cookies.
We may automatically collect information using "cookies.
" Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website.
Among other things, cookies help us improve our Website and your online experience.
We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Website.
Except for users of those parts of our Website requiring registration and log-in, we do not associate cookies with any personal information of visitors to our Website.
Web Beacons.
We may collect information using web beacons.
Web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Websites or in our emails.
We use web beacons to count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and to tell if an email has been opened.
Use of Personal Information We Collect.
We use personal information collected through our Website for purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you on our Website or in connection with our products.
For example, we may use your personal information to.
provide you with products requested and communicate with you about them.
operate and improve our Website and products.
respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service.
send you information including confirmations, technical notices, updates, security alerts, support and administrative messages.
communicate with you about new promotions and upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by Qorvo and our selected partners.
help us understand your needs and provide you with better customer service.
We may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries.
By providing us with personal information, you consent to its transfer to the United States.
Sharing of Personal Information.
We may share your personal information with third parties as follows.
in an aggregated form that does not directly identify you.
with your consent, for example, when you agree to our sharing your personal information with other third parties for their own marketing purposes subject to their separate privacy policies.
with third party vendors, consultants and other service providers who are working on our behalf and need access to your information to carry out their work for us.
(i) to comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process, (ii) to protect the rights and property of Qorvo, our agents, customers and others, including to enforce our agreements, policies and terms of use or (iii) in an emergency to protect the interests of Qorvo, its customers or any person.
in connection with any financing or merger with, sale of company assets to or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company.
Security of Your Personal Information.
Qorvo takes reasonable measures to help protect your personal information in an effort to prevent its loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Your Information Choices and Changes.
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from Qorvo by following the instructions in those emails.
You may also send requests about your contact preferences and changes to your information by emailing If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations.
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default.
If you prefer, you can set your browser to reject cookies.
If you choose to do this, it may affect certain features or services of our Website.
Changes to This Policy.
We may change this Policy from time to time.
If we make any changes to this Policy, we will change the "Last Updated" date above.
California Privacy Rights.
Pursuant to Section 1798.
83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California have the right to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, what types of personal information the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information in the immediately preceding calendar year.
Additionally, pursuant to Sections 1798.
100 through 1798.
199 of the California Civil Code (the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA)), a resident of California has the right to request from a business disclosure of the categories and specific pieces of personal information the business has collected about the resident, a right to request correction of the personal information, and a right to request deletion of the personal information.
To exercise your rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either.
Calling us at 1-833-458-0040.
Using our web submission form.
Contacting us by email at .
Also pursuant to the CCPA, the following privacy notices are available for California residents.
Website Users.
Customers and Suppliers.
Candidates.
European Economic Area (EEA).
Pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), residents of countries in the European Economic Area have the right to request information about the personal data that we have stored about you.
In addition, you have the right to request that the data be corrected, deleted, restricted and refused to be processed and that you or a third party named by you be transferred the stored data in a suitable form.
Please note that Qorvo can delete your personal data only if there is no statutory obligation or prevailing right of Qorvo to retain it.
You can exercise your rights by telephone, email or in writing.
The request can be made by contacting Alef Völkner, Pollerhofstraße 33a, 51789 Lindlar, Germany tel.
+49 (0)22 66 – 90 15 920, email.
the Data Protection Officer for Qorvo’s German legal entities and contact person for requests concerning Data Protection for all our European legal entities.
If you believe that Qorvo is not processing your personal data in accordance with the requirements set out in this Policy or in applicable EEA data protection laws, you can at any time lodge a complaint with the data protection authority of the EEA country in which you live or with the data protection authority of the country or state in which Qorvo has its registered seat.
Go to the Privacy Notice to Customers and Suppliers pageEEA Users.
View Website User Data Protection Notice pageVisit our multi-language Privacy Notice to Candidates page to download Privacy Notice to Candidates documents.
Links to Other Websites.
This Website may contain links to external third-party websites that are not hosted, sponsored or maintained by Qorvo or its affiliates.
Qorvo is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Therefore, we recommend that you carefully read the privacy statements of such third-party websites.
Do Not Track Requests.
Qorvo does not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals sent by your web browser because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed.
We continue to review new technologies and may adopt a standard once one is created.
While we, or vendors on our behalf, may track the sites you visited before and after our Website for our internal business purposes, we do not authorize other third parties (e.
g.
, advertisers) to do so, but it is nonetheless possible that third parties may do so for their own purposes with respect to which we may have no knowledge or control.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at .
Products.
Products.
Applications.
New Products.
Product Compliance.
News & Resources.
Newsroom.
Events & Trade Shows.
Subscription Center.
Design Hub.
Blog.
Brochures.
Videos.
Company.
About Us.
Quality.
Locations.
Innovation.
Careers.
Investors.
简体中文.
Support.
How to Buy.
Support.
Portals.
Contact Us.
Stay Connected.
Newsletter Sign Up.
RSS.
Site				Map.
Feedback.
Terms				of Use.
Privacy				Policy.
Customer				Terms.
Supply				Chain Transparency.
Qorvo uses cookies and other technologies to enhance your experience, display customized content, secure our website and help us understand how our website is used.
For details, please see our Privacy Policy.
COVID-19 Update.
