Our offeringQuant Smart MaintenanceDigital toolboxQuant Reliability Services.
Quant Smart Maintenance.
Digital toolbox.
Quant Reliability Services.
ReferencesBetter plant availability with optimized costsIncreasing production and cost efficiencyUse of Quant tools to reach the full potential of maintenanceImmediate reduction in production downtimeIncrease of OEE and plant availability.
Better plant availability with optimized costs.
Increasing production and cost efficiency.
Use of Quant tools to reach the full potential of maintenance.
Immediate reduction in production downtime.
Increase of OEE and plant availability.
Careers.
Investor relations.
News.
About Quant.
Contacts.
Quant privacy policy.
Last updated.
2020-10-28.
This Privacy Policy describes Quant AB, and other entities within the Quant Group (“Quant”, “us” or “our”), processing of your Personal Data.
Personal Data is any and all information that can, directly or indirectly, be used to identify a natural person (“Personal Data”).
This Privacy Policy applies to all our processing of Personal Data related to contact inquires, performance of our services, job applications, cookies, marketing and your use of our website and smartphone apps (“Services”).
Your integrity is of utmost importance to us and Quant only processes Personal Data in accordance with your preferences, any agreement you may have entered into with us, this Privacy Policy and applicable law.
Please note that you may not be able to fully utilise our Services without disclosing Personal Data to us.
If you disclose Personal Data to us about others, you are responsible for ensuring that these persons have given their consent to our processing of their Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and any additional terms applicable to the specific processing in question.
Please click here to read our privacy policy.
Privacy Overview.
Standard Terms and Conditions.
Cookie Policy.
Privacy Policy.
General Terms & Conditions for Purchase of Goods.
General Terms & Conditions for Purchase of Services.
Supplier Code of Conduct.
More about Quant.
About us.
Sustainability.
Smart Maintenance.
Follow us on LinkedIn.
Locations & Contacts.
Americas.
Finland & Baltics.
Europe & Middle East.
