Home.
SolutionsTransportationFleet ManagementStolen VehicleInsurance TelematicsOBDMotorcycleVideo TelematicsAll ProductsAccessoriesSoftware / PlatformAsset & MobilityPersonal SecurityAsset TrackingAsset SecurityScooterAll ProductsAccessoriesSoftware / PlatformNetworksRoutersOBDAll ProductsSoftware / PlatformLivestockCustomization.
TransportationFleet ManagementStolen VehicleInsurance TelematicsOBDMotorcycleVideo TelematicsAll ProductsAccessoriesSoftware / Platform.
Fleet Management.
Stolen Vehicle.
Insurance Telematics.
OBD.
Motorcycle.
Video Telematics.
All Products.
Accessories.
Software / Platform.
Asset & MobilityPersonal SecurityAsset TrackingAsset SecurityScooterAll ProductsAccessoriesSoftware / Platform.
Personal Security.
Asset Tracking.
Asset Security.
Scooter.
All Products.
Accessories.
Software / Platform.
NetworksRoutersOBDAll ProductsSoftware / Platform.
Routers.
OBD.
All Products.
Software / Platform.
Livestock.
Customization.
PrinciplesInnovationQualitySupportCollaborationSuccess Stories.
Innovation.
Quality.
Support.
Collaboration.
Success Stories.
CompanyOur StoryStock InfoCareersContact.
Our Story.
Stock Info.
Careers.
Contact.
MediaNewsVideosEventsSocial.
News.
Videos.
Events.
Social.
English简体中文Español.
简体中文.
Español.
English简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))Español (Spanish).
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified)).
Español (Spanish).
Privacy Policy.
Effective date.
September 1st, 2020.
Queclink is committed to being responsible custodians of the personal information that we collect in the course of operating our business as a global provider of wireless machine-to-machine (M2M) devices and solutions.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how we collect, use, share, or otherwise process personal information as a data controller in the course of operating our business, particularly in association with our marketing and business development practices and the operation of our main website ( (“Site”).
This Policy covers the following topics.
The Types of Information We Collect.
How We Use the Information We Collect.
How We May Share the Information We Collect.
Grounds for Processing Your Information.
Third-Party Services and Content.
Protection and Storage of the Information We Collect.
Your Choices and Rights.
Changes to This Privacy Policy.
The Types of Information We Collect.
The types of personal information we collect about you depend on your interactions with us and are described below.
Information You Provide to Us.
We collect personal information that you provide to us.
For example, we may collect personal information when you contact us, send inquiries, give feedback, request that we send you newsletters, or other materials, fill out a form, respond to a survey, or otherwise communicate with us.
Depending on the context of your interactions with us, the categories of personal information we may collect from you include.
Unique Identifiers that we can use to identify you as a unique individual, such as your name, telephone number, postal or e-mail address.
Professional Information related to your occupation, such as your current or previous employers or your job title.
Any other information you choose to provide.
You generally can use our Site without providing us with personal information, though we may still collect your information automatically as described in the next section.
Information We May Collect Automatically or Generate.
We may automatically collect and generate information from and about you when you interact with us or our Site, which may include the following categories of information.
Device Information.
We might automatically collect information pertaining to the device through which you interact with our Site, such as the type of device used to interact with the Site, that device’s operating system and version, your browser type.
Interaction Information.
We might automatically collect information about your interaction with our Site, such as the content you view and features you access on our Site, whether and how you interact with content available on our Site.
We or third parties engaged on our behalf may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (collectively, “Cookies”) to collect information from and store information on your device when you use, access, or otherwise interact with our Site.
For information about how we use Cookies and the choices you may have, please see our Cookie Policy.
Information We Collect From Other Sources.
We may obtain personal information from other sources, such as our clients, employees, or business partners, or from business contact databases.
We may collect information about you from publicly available sources, such as public social media profiles, publications, and other websites or materials available through search engines.
We may collect the following categories of information from these other sources.
Unique Identifiers, such as name, telephone number, postal or e-mail address and social media identifiers.
Professional Information about your occupation, such as employers and business contact information.
User Content you post or make available online, such as your social media posts or publications.
How We Use The Information We Collect.
We may use the information we collect for the various purposes, including.
Communication with You.
This includes using Personal Information to send you messages, ship products, provide customer care, and respond to your requests.
Business Operations.
This includes operating our Site, facilitating product purchases, protecting legal rights, and performing contractual obligations.
Advertising and Marketing.
This includes providing you with newsletters, marketing communications, and other information or materials that may interest you, and advertising, providing, and assessing the effectiveness of our events, promotional campaigns, publications, and services.
We may use anonymous, de-identified, or aggregate information that does not reasonably identify you for any purpose, as permitted by applicable law.
How We May Share the Information We Collect.
Queclink does not sell your personal information.
We also do not share personal information that reasonably identifies you with unaffiliated entities for their independent use except when we have your permission, are doing so at your direction, as needed to comply with our legal obligations, as permitted by applicable law, or as otherwise described in this Policy.
We may share information with our Queclink offices and business entities located in jurisdictions around the world for any of the purposes listed above.
We may share anonymous, de-identified, or aggregate information that cannot reasonably identify you with others for any purpose, as permitted by applicable law.
Grounds for Processing Your Information.
Certain jurisdictions require businesses such as Queclink to have legal grounds for processing personal information.
Where applicable law requires us to justify our processing activities, we rely on the following legal grounds.
Performance of a contract.
We may need to collect and use your personal information to enter into a contract you or to perform a contract that you have with us.
Consent.
Where required to obtain your consent, we will do so.
For example, certain jurisdictions require us to obtain your consent to process precise location information.
To withdraw your consent to such use, you can contact us by send us an email Where required by applicable laws, we will rely on your consent for direct marketing and to collect information from your device or computer.
Legitimate interests.
We may use your personal information for our legitimate interests to improve our products and services, as well as the content on our Site.
Consistent with our legitimate interests and any choices that we offer or consents that may be required under applicable laws, we may use technical information and personal information for our marketing purposes.
Legal obligation.
We may process personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
Third-Party Services and Content.
Our Site may include links to content provided by third parties (such as video materials).
This Privacy Policy does not address the privacy, security, or other practices of the third parties that provide such content.
Consistent with applicable law, we engage third parties that support the operation of our Site such as analytics providers.
These third parties may track your online activities over time and across different websites and applications.
Please see our Cookie Policy for more information about such third party providers and your choices.
Protection and Storage of the Information We Collect.
We deploy commercially reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed to comply with applicable legal requirements and safeguard the information that we collect.
when required or appropriate and feasible, obtaining written assurances from third parties that may access your personal information that they will protect such information with safeguards designed to provide a level of protection equivalent to those adopted by Queclink.
However, no information system can be 100% secure.
We cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information.
Moreover, we are not responsible for the security of information you transmit to us over networks that we do not control, including the Internet and wireless networks.
We retain the information we collect for no longer than is reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collect the information and to comply with our legal obligations.
Your Choices and Rights.
Marketing Communications.
If you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can let us know by contacting us by send us an email Our digital marketing communications will provide unsubscribe or opt-out mechanisms that allow you to modify your communications preferences according to your request.
Please note that if you opt-out of marketing communications, we may still contact you with non-promotional communications, such as those about ongoing business relations or administrative messages.
Cookies.
For information about the choices you may have in regard to our use of Cookies, please see our Cookie Policy.
Privacy Rights.
As an international company, Queclink operates in jurisdictions that impose varying obligations and that grant individuals differing levels of protection, particularly with respect to personal information.
Depending on applicable law, you may have certain rights with respect to your personal information, including, for example, the rights to.
Request access to certain personal information of yours that we process.
Update or correct your personal information if you believe it is incomplete or inaccurate.
Erase or delete your personal information, subject to certain exceptions under local law.
Object to our processing of your personal information or otherwise restrict our processing activities.
Restrict certain transfers of your personal information to third parties.
Withdraw your consent to processing, where we base our processing of your personal information on consent.
Not be denied goods or services for exercising your rights under applicable law.
Complain to your local supervisory authority.
You can exercise your rights (if applicable) by sending us an email .
Changes to this Privacy Policy.
We may update this Policy periodically, and will revise the date at the top of this Policy to reflect the date when such update occurred.
If we make any material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share the personal information that you have provided, we will endeavor to provide you with Policy before such changes take effect, such as by posting prominent Policy on the Queclink website.
Cookies are disabled in your browser.
This might prevent product related pages from being displayed correctly.
Functions like region/ language change and contact form may not work properly.
You will view our website content in English as default language setting.
To change your region and language preference, please enable cookies in your browser settings.
Solutions.
Transportation.
Asset & Mobility.
Networks.
Livestock.
Customization.
Principles.
Innovation.
Quality.
Support.
Collaboration.
Success Stories.
Company.
Our Story.
Stock Info.
Careers.
Contact.
Media.
News.
Videos.
Events.
Social.
Stay Connected.
Queclink uses cookies to customize the language and region of this website for a more relevant and personalized user experience.
Please read our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy for more information.
