About.
Services.
Industries.
Process.
Insights.
Contact Us.
Privacy Policy.
Processing of personal data and its disclosure to external stakeholders.
Qulix Systems CJSC (TIN190841612) domiciled at Oakwood, Dunstan Lane, Burton, Neston, Cheshire, CH64 8TQ, UK, (hereinafter – the Company, us) handles your personal data by means of onsite servers and external services located in various countries throughout the world.
You give us your permission to process your personal data using a server located outside the place of your living, including non-EU members and countries that have not been granted a European Commission adequacy decision.
Data protection legislation applied by these states may differ from the regulations applicable in your country and can be less protective in some cases.
Nevertheless, the Company has taken appropriate safeguards to keep your personal data protected in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
In particular, your personal data will be stored on secure servers that only our authorized staff has access to.
To prevent access by any unauthorized persons, your personal data will be encrypted.
The Company has a right to share your personal data with the following external stakeholders.
its group companies, professional counselors, external service providers, and partners rendering data processing services to Qulix Systems (e.
g.
, to support the sales operations).
The list of our group companies is available here.
any competent regulatory bodies, law enforcement agencies, courts, government authorities, or other third parties when the Company has reason to believe it is necessary to release your personal data.
as a matter of relevant laws or regulations,to fulfill, establish, or protect its legal rights, orto protect your and other persons’ interests.
as a matter of relevant laws or regulations,.
to fulfill, establish, or protect its legal rights, or.
to protect your and other persons’ interests.
Qulix Systems does not disclose your personal data (including emails) to any third parties for marketing purposes.
What personal data we collect.
We gather the following types of your personal data.
Information you agree to provide to us.
full name, email address, phone number, or other information you want to share with us.
Information we collect automatically.
type of the device you use, IP address, operating system, the browser used, location, your usage data, date/time stamp.
This also includes information stored by cookies or tools that we or our partners use.
Personal data processing and use.
The Company handles personal information pursuant to the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR).
We may process your personal information only if we have obtained your free and express consent to that, with data processing done solely for the purposes related to the use of the content available via the websites.
Your consent to the processing of your personal information is the basis of the lawful handling of your personal data.
Exceptions that don't require your consent may be strictly necessary cookies and information provided by you to enter into a business contract with us at your request.
But in any other cases, you shall be asked for approval to obtain and process your data when completing the relevant form on the websites.
Otherwise, we are forced to delete your data without answering.
We resort to your personal data for the following purposes.
Analytics, research, and improvements.
we use personal data to conduct analysis and research to provide a better user experience and functionality of our website.
We also use analytics to improve the quality of our content.
Marketing activities.
we may use your data for marketing purposes such as newsletters, advertising, surveys, offers, marketing communications or other services that we think may be of interest to you.
Other communication.
we may need to contact you by email, phone, or other forms of communication depending on what data you shared with us to give you related replies or additional service.
We store all collected data electronically, take all the necessary measures, and follow relevant procedures to avert unauthorized access, keep data security at an adequate level, and use the information received online appropriately.
The Company may take all the measures to safeguard you against unauthorized disclosure, but we cannot give you an assurance that some part of the obtained data shall never be disclosed in a way that is unacceptable under this document.
Incidences of such disclosure may be a result of misrepresentation when websites with such data are accessed for the purpose of removing errors.
Our liability shall be limited, as the law permits it, to any harm caused to users or third parties related to accidental data disclosure.
Handling of personal data by other users or third parties.
The websites include interactive content and links to external websites where other users or third parties may obtain access to your personal information.
This document does not cover personal data that you hand over to other users or third parties.
You are advised to get familiarized with the personal data protection guidelines and the protection policy exercised by other users and third parties.
The Company has no control over the information you submit when using the interactive content, links, or external websites, or in other situations when you provide your personal data to other users or third parties.
Hence, we shall not bear the responsibility for any harm born by you, other users, and third parties, which may result from the fact that your personal data was communicated in relation to the use of the websites.
Changes to personal data.
You are entitled by law to apply for any change to your personal information such as its modification or deletion at any time.
Your data shall be modified or deleted provided you sent the corresponding notice to the contact identified on the websites.
Cookie-files policy.
1.
What is a cookie.
Cookies are small files consisting of letters and numbers that are stored on web browsers or the hard drive of your computer, phone, or other devices.
First-party cookies vs.
third-party cookies.
the words ‘first’ or ‘third’ in this case relate the cookie to the domain which creates and places it.
a.
First-party cookies are created and stored by the website the user is visiting in a direct manner (for instance, these are cookies placed by our website domain).
b.
As follows from the name, third-party cookies are created by a third-party domain other than the website the user is visiting.
To put it simply, if you go to the website where another entity sets a cookie via this website, you deal with third-party cookies.
Persistent cookies.
these cookies stay in your hard drive for the duration period specified within the cookie’s file.
This type of cookies is engaged each time the user visits the Internet resources that are responsible for creating this particular cookie.
Session cookies.
these cookies are temporary in nature and enable website operators to link the user’s actions/preferences/themes during a browser session.
Once you quit the session and close the browser, the session cookies will be erased.
Next time you go back to the same website, it will not recognize you and treat you as a totally new visitor.
2.
What cookies do we use and why.
In most cases, cookies are used to separate you from other visitors of the same website.
It enables website operators to offer you a better user experience when browsing and improve it.
The cookies on our website may fall into the following categories.
a.
Strictly necessary.
b.
Performance.
c.
Functionality.
d.
Targeting.
Individual cookies may fall into several of these categories.
Strictly Necessary cookies enable you to move around the website and use its substantial features.
Without these cookies, we cannot provide the requested services, such as maintaining a record of your username, etc.
These cookies are used.
To identify you as a logged-in user of the website and perform your authentication.
To ensure that you use the appropriate service when we alter the way it functions.
For security reasons.
If you decline the use of this type of cookies, no guarantee can be given in relation to the performance or security of the website.
This is the legal interest to the processing of your personal data through the Strictly Necessary cookies.
That is why the use of Strictly Necessary cookies doesn't require your consent.
Performance cookies gather anonymous data on how people use our website, e.
g.
how they arrive at the website, which sections they browse, or which errors they encounter.
These cookie files do not store information that can disclose your identity and are solely used by us to improve the website’s performance, better understand our users’ behavior and interests and estimate the value of our advertising strategy.
These cookies are used.
For web analytics to obtain statistics on the website’s performance.
For affiliate tracking to send feedback to affiliated organizations confirming that some of our visitors also browsed their website.
To gather information on the number of visitors that have shown interest in a certain product or service on the website.
For analyzing improvements that can be introduced on the website based on existing errors.
For testing various design solutions of the website.
Our performance cookies are partially managed by third parties.
Functionality cookies are used to render services or keep settings to enhance your browsing session.
These cookies are used.
Store your personalized settings like themes, fonts, preferences, etc.
Indicate that you’re logged in.
Make sure that you’ve already been asked to participate in a survey.
Check that you’ve already gone through certain components on the website and you don’t have to repeat the procedure again.
Bring forth and display embedded video.
Our functionality cookies are partially managed by third parties.
Targeting cookies are designed to monitor your browsing behavior both on our website, as well other online resources, which provides us with the necessary analytical data to display targeted ads on our own website.
These cookies are used to.
Show targeted ads on our website.
Introduce improvements to the way we display personalized ads and content, and monitor the efficiency of marketing and advertising campaigns on the website.
Our targeting cookies are partially managed by third parties.
3.
When is your consent required.
The use of any cookies by the website requires your consent.
We will always ask for your consent before placing cookies on your device.
To agree with our Cookie Policy, click on the relevant button on the banner.
If you decline or want to cancel your consent to any cookies at any time, you will have to delete and block/disable them using your browser settings.
Below you’ll find detailed information on how to do that.
However, please keep in mind that by disabling certain cookies, you may affect the functionality scope of the entire website and may not be able to use certain features.
4.
How can you delete and block our cookies.
As usual, you can control most cookies in your browser settings.
Still, please bear in mind that if you block all cookies, including strictly necessary ones, some or all components of the website may not be available to you.
If you have not adjusted your browser settings to decline cookies, our website will issue cookies once you visit it.
Cookie Settings.
To change cookie settings, go to the Options or Preferences menu in your browser.
Please study the following links to understand the procedure better.
Also, you may use the Help option in your internet browser.
Cookie settings in Firefox.
Cookie settings in Chrome.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer.
Cookie settings in Safari.
Retention time.
To define the appropriate personal data retention period, the Company takes into account.
the personal data amount, nature, and sensitivity.
the potential risk of harm caused by unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data.
the purposes for which the Company handles your personal data and whether it can reach those purposes via other means, and the existing legislation.
If you withdraw your consent to personal data processing, the retention period is over.
Your rights.
You have the right to.
access to personal data.
It means that you may obtain confirmation from the Company as to whether or not personal data concerning you are being processed.
rectification of your personal data.
It means that you have the right to ask the controller to make changes and corrections or complete inaccurate or incomplete personal data concerning you.
rectification of your personal data.
It means that you have the right to ask the controller to make changes and corrections or complete inaccurate or incomplete personal data concerning you.
erasure of personal data (‘right to be forgotten’).
If you withdraw your consent on which the processing is based or in other cases under the legislation, you have the right to the erasure of your personal data.
erasure of personal data (‘right to be forgotten’).
If you withdraw your consent on which the processing is based or in other cases under the legislation, you have the right to the erasure of your personal data.
restriction of processing concerning your personal data.
It means that ifyou contest the accuracy of your personal data, oryou suggest that the processing is unlawful, oryou have objected to processing pursuant to point 5 of the present paragraphso you have the right to obtain from the Company restriction of processing your personal data.
you contest the accuracy of your personal data, or.
you suggest that the processing is unlawful, or.
you have objected to processing pursuant to point 5 of the present paragraph.
so you have the right to obtain from the Company restriction of processing your personal data.
object to processing.
It means that you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data at any time.
The Company shall no longer process your personal data unless it demonstrates legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights, and freedoms or legitimate grounds for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims.
data portability.
It means that you have the right to receive your personal data provided by you to the Company in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format.
Then you may transmit those data to another controller.
withdraw consent at any time.
As your personal data are processed under your consent, you have a right to recall ( withdraw) your consent.
To exercise these rights, please contact us.
You have the right to unsubscribe from any email messages sent by Qulix Systems.
To do that, click the unsubscribe link that you may find in the footer of an email.
If you want to file a complaint regarding the way we manage your personal data, please contact us.
We will process your complaint and cooperate with you to resolve the issue.
If you still feel that your personal data has not been handled as required by law, you may lodge a complaint with an authority of the EU country of your habitual residence.
Contact details of this authority are available at .
Contact Us.
Oakwood Dunstan Lane,  Burton, Neston, Cheshire,  CH64 8TQ,  United Kingdom.
© 2022 Qulix Systems.
All rights reserved Privacy Policy.
