Products            Aviation, Aerospace & DefenseMaintenance, Repair and OverhaulMaintenance & EngineeringDefense Asset ManagementFlight OperationsFleet Technical ManagementERPEnterprise Asset ManagementProductionFinanceSupply Chain ManagementProject ManagementGlobal Payroll & HRPayroll SoftwareManaged Payroll ServicesCore HRTime & AttendanceHCM IntegrationPandemic Control SystemLogistics SoftwareTransport Management (TMS)Warehouse Management (WMS)Fleet ManagementFinance & AccountingHub ManagementRating & Billing.
Aviation, Aerospace & Defense.
Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul.
Maintenance & Engineering.
Defense Asset Management.
Flight Operations.
Fleet Technical Management.
ERP.
Enterprise Asset Management.
Production.
Finance.
Supply Chain Management.
Project Management.
Global Payroll & HR.
Payroll Software.
Managed Payroll Services.
Core HR.
Time & Attendance.
HCM Integration.
Pandemic Control System.
Logistics Software.
Transport Management (TMS).
Warehouse Management (WMS).
Fleet Management.
Finance & Accounting.
Hub Management.
Rating & Billing.
Industries            Aviation ERPDefenseMROHeli OperatorsUAS/DronesAirlinesLogistics ERPThird Party LogisticsFreight ForwardersCourier Service ProvidersAsset-centric ERPCementManufacturingEnergy & UtilitiesEquipment Rental & ServicesInfrastructure & Real EstateFacility ManagementService-centric ERPStaffingProfessional ServicesFacility ManagementContract Workforce Management.
Aviation ERP.
Defense.
MRO.
Heli Operators.
UAS/Drones.
Airlines.
Logistics ERP.
Third Party Logistics.
Freight Forwarders.
Courier Service Providers.
Asset-centric ERP.
Cement.
Manufacturing.
Energy & Utilities.
Equipment Rental & Services.
Infrastructure & Real Estate.
Facility Management.
Service-centric ERP.
Staffing.
Professional Services.
Facility Management.
Contract Workforce Management.
Partners.
Resources            ResourcesOverviewBlogBrochuresCase Studies Whitepapers VideosWebinarsPodcastsGlobal Payroll RFP Template.
Resources.
Overview.
Blog.
Brochures.
Case Studies.
Whitepapers.
Videos.
Webinars.
Podcasts.
Global Payroll RFP Template.
Technology            TechnologyOverviewRamco VirtualWorks®InnovationsArtificial IntelligenceChatbotFacial Recognition.
Technology.
Overview.
Ramco VirtualWorks®.
Innovations.
Artificial Intelligence.
Chatbot.
Facial Recognition.
Investors.
About            AboutCorporate OverviewAwards & CertificationsCareersOur ProductsNewsroomOur GroupPress ReleasesContact UsLeadershipAnalyst Coverage Global OfficesEvents.
About.
Corporate Overview.
Awards & Certifications.
Careers.
Our Products.
Newsroom.
Our Group.
Press Releases.
Contact Us.
Leadership.
Analyst Coverage.
Global Offices.
Events.
Contact Us.
Privacy Policy.
Home.
Privacy Policy.
Ramco understands that privacy is an important concern of visitors to our website located at  This Privacy Policy is intended to inform you of our policies and practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of any information you submit to us through our website or we collect as a result of your visit to our website so you can obtain the level of privacy you prefer.
User Consent.
By accessing our website, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
You also consent to being contacted by Ramco unless you email Ramco requesting that it not contact you or your organization.
Personal Information.
"Personal Information" means information that allows someone to identify or contact you, for example, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, as well as any information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing information.
Anonymous Information.
"Anonymous Information" means information that does not directly identify you individually.
We collect Personal Information and Anonymous Information, as described in the following sections.
Types of Information We Collect.
Ramco collects Personal Information or Anonymous Information from you when you visit our website or through social media platforms.
Should you choose not to provide any of the requested information, you might not be able to take the advantage of some of our services.
We collect and use the minimum information to respond to your requests.
We may store some of information whenever you interact with us.
For example, we use cookies and web beacons to obtain information whenever you visit ‘ Please refer to below example describing the information collected from visitors to our website.
For visitors who are interested in learning more about our products, support, or services.
Name.
E-Mail address.
Name of employer.
How you heard about Ramco.
Contact information.
Brief about their business need.
For visitors who wish to provide feedback to Ramco.
E-Mail Address.
Comments on software, support or services.
Comments on website.
For visitors who want further information about Ramco.
Contact Information (name, email address, phone number).
Company name.
Subject of e-mail.
Message and any information contained therein.
Type of inquiry.
developer, licensor, distributor, other.
For all other visitors who e-mail us directly via an e-mail hyperlink.
E-mail message, which includes any information contained in the message, including information that can be collected by technological means.
We might receive information about you from other sources (for example.
information received from third parties or website visitors) and add it to our database.
s.
Personal and Anonymous Information Collected Via Technology.
To make our services more useful to you, we use technological means or tools to collect Personal Information, as well as Anonymous Information, from you.
These tools collect certain standard information that your browser sends to our website, including domain names, your browser type and language, and your Internet Protocol (IP) address and access times.
You expressly consent to our collection of such information by using the Ramco website.
An "IP address" is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet.
In some cases your IP address stays the same from browser session to browser session.
but if you use a consumer Internet access provider, your IP address probably varies from session to session.
We track IP addresses to analyze our Web page flow.
Cookies and Web Beacons.
In particular, we use, as do many other websites, "cookies" or small data files stored on your computer's hard drive, as well as "web beacons" which are images invisibly embedded on a web page, to collect information during visits to the Ramco website, including during chat sessions with Ramco personnel.
The information collected includes the visitor's IP address, when the site was visited and what pages were visited.
In some instances, we also use cookies to collect information in connection with future visits from that website, to recognize you as a previous visitor, or to track your activity on our site.
If you follow a link to the site from an affiliate or promotion, we store information about your arrival from that affiliate or promotion in a session cookie.
You do not need to have cookies turned on to visit our site.
You can refuse cookies by turning them off on your browser.
But, if you want to access webpages that require registration, you need to accept a mandatory session cookie, which you can delete after you leave the site.
Web beacons, which record your IP address and the time of your visit and what pages you viewed, and are used by a third party service which tracks site usage for us, cannot be turned off.
For more details please refer to our cookie policy.
Identification of Visitors to Site.
We are able to identify you from the Personal Information that you submitted in the past or that you submit on a current visit.
We are also able to identify you or your organization from other information obtained by technological means, such as browser you are using or the pages on the Ramco site you visit.
This data is now tracked by a third party service and provided to us in aggregate form by that service.
Use of Personal Information.
In general, Personal Information you provide to us or that is obtained by technological means is used to respond to requests that you make, to facilitate communication with you that you initiate or request or to provide you with information about products and services of Ramco in which you indicate an interest.
For example, we may use your Personal Information to process an employment application, should you submit one to us.
We also use your personal information to send you electronic newsletters and promotional e-mails if you have requested to receive such communications from us (as described below).
We use Personal Information to provide you with updates to our services and to respond to your requests.
Disclosure of Personal Information.
We do not generally sell, trade, rent, or share your Personal Information with third parties.
However, we may share your Personal Information with third parties to fulfill your request for products or services or to deliver newsletters or promotional e-mails.
We employ other companies and individuals offer to perform functions on our behalf.
Examples include sourcing of customer lists, analyzing customer data, providing market intelligence, lead generation etc.
They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions defined in contracts but may not use it for other purposes.
These third parties are required not to use your Personal Information other than to provide the services requested by Ramco.
The privacy notice provided to you at the time of collection will include details about the personal data that is shared with third parties and the purposes for which it will be used.
Ramco may use or disclose your Personal Information, User Data and other information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to.
be in compliance with legal obligations.
protect and defend the rights or property of Ramco or its affiliates.
to protect the personal safety of users of the Site or the public in urgency like situations.
for protection against legal liability.
We only provide your personal information to third parties when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law.
enforce or apply our agreements.
or protect the rights, property, or safety of Ramco, our users, or others.
Future Communications and Use of Personal Information.
If you opt-in to receive communications from us (as described below), we will periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our site or our products or services, and use the contact information you provide to us to do so.
If you would like to cease receiving these communications from us, you may unsubscribe by sending an email to us.
Sharing Information with Affiliates.
We may share some or all of your Personal Information with our subsidiaries and other affiliates, without requesting your specific consent to such internal sharing.
If Ramco and/or its assets are acquired by another company, you will receive a notice stating the acquiring company will possess the Personal Information collected by us and it will assume the rights to use and the obligations to protect your Personal Information as in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
You can also choose to not to provide your information with affiliates by notifying us through emails.
Use and Disclosure of Anonymous Information.
Except as required by law or court order, Ramco will not disclose any of your Personal Information linked to Anonymous Information to any third party.
Anonymous Information is usually only used by Ramco in aggregated, rather than in individual form, to determine and analyze such things as site usage, the popularity of pages on the site traffic patterns of site visitors and the like.
Ramco may use Anonymous Information to identify your organization and contact that organization based on public information about the organization.
Such identification and/or contact can be prevented by sending an email to us.
Legally Required Disclosure of Personal and Anonymous Information.
We may disclose your Personal Information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Ramco.
or (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Ramco or users of our website.
To the extent required by applicable law or by subpoenas or warrants served on Ramco court orders, we reserve the right to combine Anonymous Information with Personal Information that you actively submit or other information obtained through technological means to identify you.
Your Choices Regarding Personal Information and Future Communications.
We offer visitors to Ramco's website choices regarding the use and sharing of your Personal Information.
Please send an email to us if you have special requests.
When you send a request for information on our site, we will ask you if you want to receive future communications from us.
You may indicate consent to receipt of these communications by checking the boxes located on the account creation form.
Should you decide to stop receiving further communications from us, you will have the opportunity to "opt-out" by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive, or by sending an email to us.
If at any time you wish to subscribe to any communications from us, you may visit our website and sign up for this service.
Notwithstanding your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you notices of any updates to our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, or products or services.
Information Access Rights.
We give you the access to the information which you have provided and which we have collected through your interactions with us at  or any of our social media platforms for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information by emailing us to For more information on your rights with regard to your personal information, please refer to the Privacy Notice.
If you’ve already shared with us any personal information, then as a Data Subject when you’ve any queries related to data privacy, you may raise your queries by emailing us to .
Personal Information of Minors.
Ramco does not sell products for purchase by minors.
If you are under 18, you may use  only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under the age of 13 without the consent of the parent or guardian.
Feedback.
If you provide any feedback on any of our products or services to us, we may use such feedback for any purpose, provided we will not associate such feedback with your Personal Information.
Links to Other Sites.
Our website may contain links to other websites.
We are not responsible for, the contents or for the privacy practices of these other website s that are linked to the Ramco website.
Please be aware that the terms of our Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites.
You should review the privacy policy of any such site before providing the owner of the site with any information.
Security of Personal Information.
We use reasonable measures to maintain the security of your Personal Information.
Ramco has implemented industry-standard electronic means of protecting your Personal Information.
We store Personal Information behind a computer firewall, a barrier designed to prevent outsiders from accessing our servers.
In addition, Ramco protects your Personal Information from unauthorized physical access by storing your Personal Information in a controlled facility.
Except as provided elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, Ramco limits access to Personal Information in electronic databases to those persons (including employees and contractors) in Ramco' organization who have a business need for such access.
Even though Ramco has taken significant steps to ensure that your Personal Data is not intercepted, accessed, used, or disclosed by unauthorized persons, you should know that Ramco cannot eliminate security risks associated with Personal Data.
We secure your information during transmission by encryption.
Privacy Policy Revisions and Updates.
This Privacy Policy is subject to revision, and if we make any substantial changes in the way we collect, use, or disclose your Personal Information, we will post a notice on this page or send the periodic reminders of our notices and conditions.
If you object to any such changes, you must cease using our website.
Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
Continued use of our website following notice of any such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
How can you contact us.
If you have any questions, comments or complaints about our privacy policies or your personal information, or if you’d like a copy of this Privacy Policy, please contact us at or in writing to.
The Chief Data Protection Officer.
Ramco Systems Ltd.
No.
64, Sardar Patel Road,.
Taramani.
Chennai 600 113, India.
Telephone.
+91-44-6653 5000.
We take complaints seriously and any complaint will be assessed with the aim of resolving any issue in a timely manner.
For Australia Privacy Policy, please click here.
COMPANY.
About Us.
Careers.
Investors.
Leadership.
Global Offices.
PRODUCTS.
Aviation Maintenance.
ERP Software.
Global Payroll & HR.
Logistics Software.
MRO Aviation.
NEWS.
Newsroom.
Press Releases.
Events.
Resources.
Blog.
FOLLOW US.
All Rights Reserved.
© Copyright 2022.
Ramco Systems.
Terms of Use.
Privacy Policy.
Privacy Notice.
