Why Rancher.
Rancher的价值Kubernetes的价值Kubernetes功能增强Rancher与众不同.
Rancher的价值.
Kubernetes的价值.
Kubernetes功能增强.
Rancher与众不同.
产品产品概览RancherRKEk3sLonghorn申请演示.
产品概览.
Rancher.
RKE.
k3s.
Longhorn.
申请演示.
客户案例.
社区与活动线下活动企业级认证培训在线培训 | 网研会社区之星.
线下活动.
企业级认证培训.
在线培训 | 网研会.
社区之星.
资源快速入门指南文档企业版白皮书国内资源下载.
快速入门指南.
文档.
企业版白皮书.
国内资源下载.
项目HarvesterRancher DesktopEpinioAutoK3sLonghorn.
Harvester.
Rancher Desktop.
Epinio.
AutoK3s.
Longhorn.
公司介绍公司故事荣誉资质加入我们联系我们.
公司故事.
荣誉资质.
加入我们.
联系我们.
文档.
获取支持.
申请演示.
申请报价.
立即开始.
联系我们.
中文论坛.
文档.
申请演示.
申请报价.
获取支持.
联系我们.
Why RANCHER.
Rancher的价值Kubernetes的价值Kubernetes功能增强Rancher与众不同.
Rancher的价值Kubernetes的价值Kubernetes功能增强Rancher与众不同.
产品产品概览RancherRKEK3sLonghorn申请演示.
产品概览RancherRKEK3sLonghorn.
客户案例.
资源社区与活动线下活动企业级认证培训在线培训 | 网研会社区之星技术资料快速入门指南文档企业版白皮书国内资源下载中文论坛项目HarvesterRancher DesktopEpinioAutoK3sLonghorn加入社区关注微信公众号第一手干货与资讯加入官方微信群获取免费技术支持加入官方QQ群获取免费技术支持.
社区与活动线下活动企业级认证培训在线培训 | 网研会社区之星.
技术资料快速入门指南文档企业版白皮书国内资源下载中文论坛.
项目HarvesterRancher DesktopEpinioAutoK3sLonghorn.
关注微信公众号.
第一手干货与资讯.
加入官方微信群.
获取免费技术支持.
加入官方QQ群.
获取免费技术支持.
公司介绍公司故事荣誉资质加入我们联系我们.
公司故事荣誉资质加入我们联系我们.
开始使用.
Privacy.
Thank you for visiting Rancher.
com (“Site”), owned and operated by Rancher Labs, Inc.
(“COMPANY”) This Privacy Policy describes how we treat information that we collect.
By using this website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
As our services evolve and we perceive the need or desirability of using information collected in other ways, we may from time to time amend this Privacy Policy.
We post the current effective date of our Privacy Policy below.
If we make material changes to this Policy we will post the revised Policy and the revised effective date on this Site.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy shall be effective immediately upon its posting and you will be bound by the changes if you continue to use the Site after the revised Privacy Policy has been posted.
Information Collection and Use.
In general, you can visit rancher.
com without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself.
However, there may be instances where we collect personal information if you wish additional information or want to participate in various activities on our site.
Some of those activities might include.
requesting support, contacting us, forum participation, on-line meet-ups, requesting demonstrations, free trainings, pricing requests, downloading eBooks, or requesting information about partnering with Rancher.
In general, we will collect the following information.
name, company, job title, email address, phone number, country, state/region.
We will use your information to correspond with you and for our general commercial purposes including to offer our own, our affiliates’ or third-party products and services that we think you may find of interest.
You can elect not to receive emails from us by “unsubscribing” to an email following the instructions in the email you receive.
We may also collect statistical information about Site visitors including their IP address.
We use this aggregated non-personal information for research and commercial purposes.
Children’s Privacy.
This Site is not designed nor intended to be attractive to use by children under the age of 13 (“Minors”).
We do not knowingly collect information from minors.
If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any information to us.
Cookies and Do Not Track Signals.
We use cookies to manage and improve our Site and to collect aggregate information about site usage by all of our users.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by the Company.
This information can include.
your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses.
This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Company website.
A cookie is a text file that our Site transfers to your computer’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes and to enhance the quality of your visit to our Site.
The cookie assigns a random, unique number to your computer.
We may use cookies that expire when you close your browser (session cookies) and cookies that remain on your browser for an extended period of time (persistent cookies).
We do not use technology that recognizes a “do-not-track” signal from your web browser.
We may permit third parties to place cookies through the Site to provide us with better insights into the use of the Site or user demographics or to provide relevant advertising to you.
These third parties may collect information about a consumer’s online activities over time and across different websites when he or she uses our website.
These third parties may be affiliated companies, government entities, opposing parties, or acquiring companies.
You can set your browser to refuse cookies, but doing so will limit system performance and may even cause certain features of the Site to malfunction or not to work at all.
Links.
This website contains links to other sites.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
External Data Storage Sites.
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Class Action Waiver.
By your continued use of this site you agree that you and Rancher Labs may bring claims against the other only in your or its individual capacity and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative action.
Disclosing Information.
We may reveal your personal information to our affiliated companies for their commercial use.
We may also reveal your information to service providers, government entities, opposing parties and acquiring companies.
We may disclose your information to unaffiliated third parties.
(1) if you request or authorize it.
(2) to help complete a transaction for you.
(3) to comply with the law, applicable regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders or subpoenas, to enforce our agreements, or to protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of our users or others.
(4) if the disclosure is done as part of a purchase, transfer or sale of services, assets, or stock.
(5) if the disclosure is to our agents, outside vendors or service providers to perform functions on our behalf.
or (6) as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
Security.
We utilize reasonable administrative, physical and technical safeguards to protect information against unauthorized access, misuse or disclosure.
Communications with our Site or by email to us are not encrypted.
On-line Use.
The description of Personal Information, its collection, use, and possible distribution to third-parties applies ONLY to information collected through the Racher.
com website, used in activities on the Rancher.
com website and does NOT to any physical location owned or operated by Rancher Labs.
Data Breach Notification.
If we are required to contact you about your personal information we reserve the right to contact you via phone, mail, or email.
Contacting Us.
This site is owned and operated by Rancher.
If you have any questions or suggestions with respect to this policy you can write to us at Rancher, 10050 N Wolfe Rd, STE SW1-272, Cupertino, CA 95014, or you can simply send us an email at .
Effective Date.
June 1, 2019.
Rancher.
RKE.
K3s.
Longhorn.
获取支持.
申请报价.
申请演示.
中文论坛.
活动.
培训.
Slack.
GitHub.
Rancher 2.
5 Docs.
Rancher 2.
0 - 2.
4 Docs.
Rancher 1.
6 Docs.
RKE Docs.
k3s Docs.
快速入门指南.
Why Kubernetes.
关于Rancher.
客户案例.
招聘.
联系我们.
英文网站.
隐私政策.
用户协议.
服务条款.
