Introduction.
This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand (i) what information we collect from visitors to our websites or through our marketing channels.
(ii) how we use such information at READY, and (iii) the choices you have associated with that information.
When we refer to “READY”, “we”, “our”, or “us” in this policy, we are referring to Ready Robotics Corporation, and its subsidiaries and affiliates, as the “controller” (and/or a “business” under the CCPA) or the equivalent legal construct under applicable law of the information we process when you visit our websites and/or we interact with you through our marketing channels for business purposes.
When we refer to “Personal Information” in this policy, we are referring to personal data, personally identifiable information, or the equivalent of each under applicable law.
It is important to note that where READY handles Personal Information on behalf of or at the direction of its customers through their use of our Services, READY is the “processor” (and/or “service provider” under the CCPA) or the equivalent legal construct under applicable law of that data and READY’s use, processing, and handling of such data is done pursuant to the written instructions of its customers in the form of the Terms of Service, and/or any similar written agreement between the parties.
In these cases, our use of information collected through our Products and Services shall be limited to the purpose of providing and operating the Services for our customers.
As used herein, the “Product(s)” refer to software and hardware created, sold, and managed by READY.
“Service(s)” refers to the applications, services, and websites (marketing and product) provided by READY.
READY may, from time-to-time, introduce new products and services.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our practices, please contact us.
If you are in the European Union, you may contact our Data Protection Officer through this same email address.
A.
About Us.
READY is a Delaware corporation headquartered in the State of Ohio in the United States that provides software and hardware Products and Services for industrial automation.
B.
Information We Collect.
We collect several different types of information, including.
Customer Account and Registration Data.
This includes information you provide to create your account with us or register for events, webinars, surveys, etc.
and may include, first and last name, billing information, a password and a valid email address.
Service Data (including Session and Usage data).
When you visit our websites and use our Products and Services, we receive information either voluntarily entered by you or others (for example, schedules, attendee info, etc.
), or passively logged by the website, Product, or Service itself, (for example, duration of session, use of webcams, connection information, etc.
).
We may also collect usage and log data about how the Products and Services are accessed and used, including information about the device you are using to access the Products and Services, IP addresses, location information, language settings, what operating system you are using, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data to help us support and improve upon the Products and Services.
Third Party Data.
We may receive information about you from other sources, including publicly available databases or from third parties from whom we have purchased data, and combine this data with information we already have about you.
We may also receive information from other affiliated companies that are a part of our corporate group.
This third-party data is obtained for our legitimate business interests and helps us to update, expand and analyze our records, identify new prospects for marketing, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you.
Location Information.
We collect your location-based information for the purpose of providing and supporting the Products and Services and for fraud prevention and security monitoring.
If you wish to opt-out of the collection and use of your collection information, you may do so by disabling location services on your mobile device.
Device Information.
When you use our online and mobile Products, Services, and websites, we may automatically collect information about the type of device you use, for example, the operating system version or the device identifier (or “UDID”).
C.
Use of Personal Information.
The Personal Information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with READY, the products and features you use, your location, and applicable law.
However, the Personal Information we collect broadly falls into the following categories.
Business contact information (such as your name, job title, organization, location, phone number, email address, and country).
Marketing information (such as your contact preferences).
Account log-in credentials (such as your email address or username and password when you sign up for an account with us).
Troubleshooting and support data (which is data you provide or we otherwise collect in connection with support queries we receive from you.
This may include contact or authentication data, the content of your chats and other communications with us, and the product or service you are using related to your help inquiry).
Payment information (including your credit card numbers and associated identifiers and billing address).
D.
Third-Party Integrations.
We may receive information about you from other sources, including publicly available databases or from third parties from whom we have purchased data, and combine this data with information we already have about you.
We may also receive information from other affiliated companies that are a part of our corporate group.
This third-party data is obtained for our legitimate business interests and helps us to update, expand and analyze our records, identify new prospects for marketing, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you.
E.
Analytics, Cookies, and Tracking Technologies.
READY continuously improves its websites, Products, and Services through the use of various third-party web analytics tools, which help READY understand how its visitors use its websites, Products, and Services, including but not limited to what they like and dislike, and where they may have run into problems which need to be addressed.
F.
Information Sharing.
Ensuring your privacy is important to us.
We do not share your Personal Information with third parties except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We may share your Personal Information with.
(a) third party service providers.
(b) business partners.
(c) affiliated companies within our corporate structure.
and (d) as needed for legal purposes.
Third-party service providers have access to Personal Information only as needed to perform their functions and they must process the Iersonal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
These transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by appropriate transfer agreements such as the EU Model Clauses.
Examples of how we may share information with service providers include.
Fulfilling orders and providing the Services.
Payment processing and fraud prevention.
Providing customer support.
Sending marketing communications.
Conducting research and analysis.
Providing cloud computing infrastructure.
Examples of how we may disclose data for legal reasons include.
As part of a merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company where customer information will be one of the transferred assets.
As required by law, for example, to comply with a valid subpoena or other legal process.
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, or to protect your safety (or the safety of others).
to investigate fraud.
or to respond to a government request.
G.
Data Location and Retention.
We only retain a limited amount of Personal Informatoin, under an appropriate and lawful basis, for as long as needed for the business purposes for which they were collected or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
After that time frame, we delete or anonymize the data according to our data retention policies and/or procedures.
H.
Your Data Protection Rights.
To access.
correct.
update.
port.
delete.
restrict.
or object to our processing of your Personal Information.
The right to complain to a data protection authority about the collection and use of Personal Information.
For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA and UK are available here and Switzerland are available here.
Similarly, if Personal Information is collected or processed on the basis of consent, the data subject can withdraw their consent at any time.
Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your Personal Information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Additionally, the California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, which takes effect on January 1, 2020, is intended to provide California residents with expanded rights to access, delete and control their Personal Information.
Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Privacy Policy.
For Personal Information collected by us during the preceding twelve (12) months that is not otherwise subject to an exception, California residents have the right to access and delete their Personal Information.
We will not discriminate against those who exercise their rights.
Specifically, if you exercise your rights, we will not deny you access to our Products or Services, charge you different prices for Products or Services or provide you a different level or quality of Products or Services.
The CCPA additionally requires businesses to provide or make available certain disclosures in the event a party sells your Personal Information to third parties, however because READY does not receive any Personal Information as consideration for any Products or Services or other items provided or performed by READY, these disclosures do not apply.
READY does not collect, retain, share or use any Personal Information except as necessary for a business purpose pursuant to a written contract (i.
e.
, to provide and operate the Services) and subject to the restrictions specified in Section 1798.
140 (v) of the CCPA.
Additionally, READY refrains from taking any action that would cause any transfers of Personal Information that qualify as “selling personal information” under the CCPA or other similar applicable privacy laws.
California residents may exercise the rights specified in this Privacy Policy or request information from us regarding whether we share certain categories of your Personal Information with third parties by contacting .
Residents of the State of California, under California Civil Code § 1798.
83, have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed Personal Information during the preceding year for direct marketing purposes.
Alternatively, the law provides that if the company has a privacy policy that gives either an opt-out or opt-in choice for use of your Personal Information by third parties (such as advertisers) for marketing purposes, the company may instead provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options.
READY qualifies for the alternative option.
We have a comprehensive privacy statement and provide you with details on how you may either opt-out or opt-in to the use of your Personal Information by third parties for direct marketing purposes.
Therefore, we are not required to maintain or disclose a list of the third parties that received your Personal Information for marketing purposes during the preceding year.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection law.
We may ask you to verify your identity in order to help us respond efficiently to your request.
Ready to get started.
Click on the button below to contact our experts and schedule a demo.
Subscribe to our Newsletter.
Stay informed on the cutting edge of automation, robotics, manufacturing, and READY.
Copyright © 2022 READY ROBOTICS.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
