Data Privacy.
Product highlights.
Industry sectorsMachine & factory automationRobotics & autonomous systemsMedical technologyEmbedded real-time serversTest & measurement systemsBroadcasting & streaming.
Machine & factory automation.
Robotics & autonomous systems.
Medical technology.
Embedded real-time servers.
Test & measurement systems.
Broadcasting & streaming.
Use CasesRTS Hypervisor - System communicationRTS Hypervisor - Hardware partitioningRTS Hypervisor - System configurationRTS Hypervisor - Security by design.
RTS Hypervisor - System communication.
RTS Hypervisor - Hardware partitioning.
RTS Hypervisor - System configuration.
RTS Hypervisor - Security by design.
WhitepaperSoftware SRAM whitepaper.
Software SRAM whitepaper.
Partners.
References.
News.
Videos.
FAQ.
About us.
Newsletter.
CareersOpen positionsOpen positions RTS CZEBenefits.
Open positions.
Open positions RTS CZE.
Benefits.
Contact.
OS Compatibility.
License terms.
Sitemap.
Real-Time Systems GmbHGartenstr.
33 D-88212 Ravensburg Germany.
Real Time Systems North America 6262 Ferris Square 92121 San Diego CA United States.
Data protection declaration.
protection of privacy.
According to § 13 paragraph 1 Telemediengesetz (TMG), the provider of a teleservice has to inform its users at the beginning of the usage process about the type, scope and purpose of the collection and use of personal data in a generally understandable form.
The content of the information must be accessible to the user at all times.
Every company is obliged to inform the user which personal data it collects or uses.
Real-Time Systems GmbH attaches great importance to the security of user data and compliance with data protection regulations.
The collection, processing and use of personal data is subject to the provisions of current legislation and the EU Data Protection Directive.
In accordance with § 3 paragraph 1 of the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG), personal data are defined as individual details of the personal and factual circumstances of a certain or definable person.
Personal circumstances.
For example - name, address, e-mail address, birthday, nationality, occupation, health data, religion, etc.
Objective relationships.
For example - income, financial situation, property, etc.
Data protection declaration.
Real-Time Systems GmbH guarantees that it collects, processes, stores and uses the user data only in connection with the processing of user enquiries and only for internal purposes.
Data transmission to third parties.
No data will be transmitted to third parties without the consent of the party concerned or without a legal basis.
Information about the responsible party (referred to as the “controller” in the GDPR).
The data processing controller on this website is.
Real-Time Systems GmbH Gartenstrasse 33 88212 Ravensburg Germany.
Telephone.
0751 359 558-0 E-Mail.
.
The controller is the natural person or legal entity that single-handedly or jointly with others makes decisions as to the purposes of and resources for the processing of personal data (e.
g.
names, e-mail addresses, etc.
).
Designation of a data protection officer as mandated by law.
We have appointed a data protection officer for our company.
Our data protection officer can be reached via the following e-mail address.
E-Mail.
.
Newsletter.
The user has the option of subscribing to the newsletter distribution list of Real-Time Systems GmbH is to be registered.
The user has the right and the possibility to unsubscribe from the newsletter distribution list at any time.
Just send an e-mail to You can also unsubscribe from the newsletter by clicking on the unsubscribe link.
Newsletter Tracking.
If the user has expressly agreed to this, newsletter tracking (also called web beacons or tracking pixels) is used.
When the newsletter is delivered, the external server can then collect certain data from the recipient, such as the time of retrieval, the IP address or information about the e-mail program used (client).
The name of the image file is individualized for each mail recipient by appending a unique ID.
The mail sender remembers which ID belongs to which e-mail address and can thus determine which newsletter recipient has just opened the e-mail when the image is retrieved.
cookies.
Real-Time Systems GmbH uses cookies.
Cookies are small text files that are stored locally in the cache of the user's Internet browser.
Cookies enable the recognition of the Internet browser.
The files are used to help the browser navigate through the website and to be able to use all functions to their full extent.
This website uses.
browser cookies.
Control of cookies by the user.
Browser cookies.
The user can set all browsers to accept cookies only on request.
Also, cookies can only be set to accept cookies if you are currently visiting the site.
All browsers offer functions that allow the selective deletion of cookies.
The acceptance of cookies can also be switched off in general, however, if restrictions on the usability of this website have to be accepted.
You can check/adjust your cookie settings for our website at any time by clicking the following link.
Use of first-party cookies (Google Analytics Cookie).
Log Google Analytics cookies.
Unique Users - Google Analytics Cookies collects and groups user data.
All activities during a visit are summarized.
By setting Google Analytics cookies, a distinction is made between users and unique users.
User activities - Google Analytics cookies also store information about the start and end time of a visit to the website and how many pages the user has viewed.
If the browser is closed or if the user is inactive for a longer period of time (default is 30 minutes), the user session is terminated and the cookie records the visit as finished.
The date and time of the first visit are also recorded.
The total number of visits per unique user is also logged.
.
The user can prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to the use of the website (including the user's IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading and installing the following link in the browser plugin.
Further information can be found under "Web analysis service Google Analytics / Universal Analytics".
Lifetime of the cookies used.
Cookies are administered by the web server of this website.
This website uses.
Session cookies (one-time usage).
Lifetime.
Until this website is closed.
Disable or remove cookies (opt-out).
Each web browser provides ways to restrict and delete cookies.
Further information can be found on the following websites.
Internet Explorer.
windows.
microsoft.
com/en-GB/windows7/How-to-manage-cookies-in-Internet-Explorer-9Firefox.
support.
mozilla.
org/en-US/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computer Chrome.
support.
google.
com/chrome/answer/95647.
support.
apple.
com/de-de/HT201265.
Use of YouTube.
Functions of the YouTube service are integrated on this website.
These features are offered by YouTube, LLC 901 Cherry Ave.
San Bruno, CA 94066 USA.
For more information, see YouTube's Privacy Policy.
YouTube uses cookies to collect reliable video statistics, prevent fraud and improve user-friendliness.
Further details about the use of cookies on YouTube can be found in the YouTube Privacy Policy at.
.
email security.
The user agrees to electronic communication as soon as he himself has established electronic contact with Real-Time Systems GmbH was opened.
The user is informed that e-mails can be read or changed by unauthorized and unnoticed means of transmission.
Real-Time Systems GmbH uses a software for filtering unwanted e-mails (spam filter).
The spam filter can be used to reject e-mails that have been incorrectly identified as spam by certain features.
Data transmission - SSL encryption.
This website uses 128-bit SSL (SHA-128 RSA) encryption technology.
Data of users is only transmitted in encrypted form.
right to information.
In accordance with the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG), the user has a right to free information about his or her stored data and, if necessary, a right to correction, blocking or deletion of these data.
Upon request, Real-Time Systems GmbH informs the user in writing in accordance with applicable law which personal data of the user is stored by Real-Time Systems GmbH are stored.
This information is free of charge.
Right of objection of the user.
Insofar as the user makes active use of data for internal purposes Real-Time Systems GmbH, the user is entitled to object to this use and processing at any time in accordance with § 28 paragraph 4 of the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG).
To do so, it is sufficient to send an appropriate e-mail to The special case of a legally prescribed data blockage instead of data deletion according to § 35 paragraph 3 Bundesdatenschutzgesetz (BDSG) remains unaffected.
Data transmission and logging for internal system and statistical purposes.
The user's Internet browser automatically transmits data to the web server when accessing this website for technical reasons.
Each data record consists of the date and time of access, URL of the referring website, file retrieved, amount of data sent, browser type and version, operating system and IP address of the user.
It is not possible to assign this data to a specific person.
The stored data will only be evaluated internally and exclusively for statistical purposes.
Safety through technical and organisational measures.
Real-Time Systems GmbH uses technical and organizational measures in accordance with § 9 of the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) to protect personal data by accidental or intentional manipulation, loss, destruction or access by unauthorized persons.
The security measures in use are continuously improved in line with technological developments.
Protection of minors.
Persons under the age of 12 may not send personal data to Real-Time Systems GmbH will be transmitted.
Personal information may not be disclosed to minors of Real-Time Systems GmbH only if the parents and guardians have given their express consent or if the minors are 12 years of age or older.
This data is processed in accordance with this privacy polic.
For technical questions make sure you read our FAQ section.
The RTS hypervisor is suitable for all common RTOS and GPOS configurations.
Try it out.
Contact Us.
Real-Time Systems GmbHGartenstr.
33 D-88212 Ravensburg Germany.
Real Time Systems North America 6262 Ferris Square 92121 San Diego CA United States.
Contact.
Careers.
Data Privacy.
Legal Notice.
User login.
Create a new user-profile.
