Reed College.
Search ReedSearch.
Reed Navigation.
About.
Academics.
Admission.
Offices.
Events.
Give.
Magazine.
MoreStudent HubParent HubFaculty & Staff HubAlumni HubAcademic calendarBookstoreCampus announcementsCatalogCooley Art GalleryGPS loginJob opportunitiesLibraryMoodle loginReed email.
Student Hub.
Parent Hub.
Faculty & Staff Hub.
Alumni Hub.
Academic calendar.
Bookstore.
Campus announcements.
Catalog.
Cooley Art Gallery.
GPS login.
Job opportunities.
Library.
Moodle login.
Reed email.
Directory.
IRIS Login.
Privacy, Web & Copyright Policies.
Site Navigation.
Web Policies Home.
Data Privacy Policy.
Purpose of this Policy.
The purpose of this policy is to let you know the types of personal information we collect, how we use and protect this information, your rights to ensure proper management of this information, and how to contact us.
Applicability of this Policy.
This policy applies to anyone who provides personal information to Reed, who authorizes Reed to obtain data from third parties (e.
g.
, Common App), or who accesses Reed College websites.
Information We Collect and How We Use It.
We collect personal information that you send to Reed College, or permit us to obtain from third parties, for purposes relevant to College operations in pursuit of its academic mission.
Examples include information needed for student admission (including financial aid information), employment, bookstore ordering, gifts, and topical surveys.
We may use your user information in order to process student, financial aid, or job applications, student or employee registrations, and other services and benefits that we provide to our students, employees and other persons.
Any email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
We also collect information from you when you access Reed’s website and when you subscribe to our email services.
We may collect non-personal information about the computer, mobile device or other device you use to access the website such as IP address, geolocation information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language or other information of this nature in order to improve our services.
On Reed College websites, we may use web analytics tools, including primarily Google Analytics.
Google Analytics collects information anonymously and reports website trends without identifying individual visitors.
We use the information collected to understand how our visitors are using the website and make improvements for a better online experience.
Google Analytics uses third-party cookies to track visitor interactions and collects an anonymized version of the Internet protocol (IP) address of website visitors in order to provide us a sense of where our visitors come from.
Google Analytics does not store or report to us visitors’ actual IP address information.
Cookies.
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer (unless you block them).
The Reed website may use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Reed College uses Google Custom Search for website searching.
Reed search results do not contain ads and do not generate ad-related cookies.
Google does use cookies to identify what website the user is on when performing a search and to track user preferences and search history.
Data Logging.
Reed’s servers automatically collect and log information when you use Reed’s website or computer systems.
Log data may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, date and time the website or systems were used, and technical information about your devices and preferences.
Log data may be used to facilitate your access to Reed websites and services, monitor system performance, troubleshoot problems, and facilitate Reed’s response in the event of prohibited uses of computing resources, or unauthorized access to sensitive data.
Log files are stored for at least five days and no longer than they are needed for performance monitoring, troubleshooting, and forensic purposes.
Data Retention and Deletion.
We comply with all applicable regulations regarding retention and deletion of personal data and retain information only as long as it is needed for college operations and strategic planning.
How We Share and Disclose Data.
We may share user information with third parties for purposes related to the pursuit of our academic mission.
For example, we share applicant information with third parties who help us process that information and communicate with applicants.
We may also share information with third parties who conduct research on ways to improve the admissions process or who research other topics related to improving higher education.
We may also provide your information to third parties in circumstances in which we believe that doing so is necessary or appropriate to.
satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
or protect rights, property or safety.
How We Protect Your Data.
We employ a variety of technical and procedural measures to protect your information from misuse and unauthorized access.
These measures include policies that limit access to your information to the fewest number of individuals who need that information for operational and strategic purposes.
Firewalls, intrusion detection and prevention, log monitoring, data encryption, and other technical measures are used to safeguard your data from unauthorized access.
Your Rights.
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we store about you and to alert us if that information needs to be updated or corrected in any way.
You have the right to request that such information be deleted when it is no longer needed by the college.
Changes to this Privacy Policy.
Updates to this policy may be made from time to time to comply with changing regulations or internal data privacy procedures.
In the event of an update, the revised policy statement will be posted at.
.
Data Privacy Contact.
If you have a question or concern about the privacy and protection of your personal information, please contact the Office of the Chief Information Officer at.
.
Updated September 5, 2019.
Contact Reed College.
3203 Southeast Woodstock Boulevard            Portland, Oregon 97202-8199            Phone.
503-771-1112            Fax.
503-777-7769.
Getting to ReedCampus map.
Important Links.
About Reed.
Job opportunities.
Contact public affairs.
Report a bias incident or discriminatory conduct.
Report a website problem.
Privacy, web & copyright policies.
Follow Reed.
Facebook.
Twitter.
YouTube.
Instagram.
