Request A Demo.
We are excited to connect with you.
Submit the form below, and one of our team members will be in touch with you soon.
Home.
SolutionsAlly – Remote AssistanceAccrue – Remote Asset Monitoring ManagementArete – Industrial IoTConnected AssetsConnected WorkmenMedical IoTSmart Building IoT SolutionData Analytics.
Ally – Remote Assistance.
Accrue – Remote Asset Monitoring Management.
Arete – Industrial IoT.
Connected Assets.
Connected Workmen.
Medical IoT.
Smart Building IoT Solution.
Data Analytics.
IndustryAutomotive IndustryBanking and FinanceChemical IndustryFMCG SectorHealthcare SectorManufacturingPharma IndustryPower and Energy IndustryTransportation and Logistics.
Automotive Industry.
Banking and Finance.
Chemical Industry.
FMCG Sector.
Healthcare Sector.
Manufacturing.
Pharma Industry.
Power and Energy Industry.
Transportation and Logistics.
About Us.
ResourcesBlogUse Cases.
Blog.
Use Cases.
Contact Us.
Home.
SolutionsAlly – Remote AssistanceAccrue – Remote Asset Monitoring ManagementArete – Industrial IoTConnected AssetsConnected WorkmenMedical IoTSmart Building IoT SolutionData Analytics.
Ally – Remote Assistance.
Accrue – Remote Asset Monitoring Management.
Arete – Industrial IoT.
Connected Assets.
Connected Workmen.
Medical IoT.
Smart Building IoT Solution.
Data Analytics.
IndustryAutomotive IndustryBanking and FinanceChemical IndustryFMCG SectorHealthcare SectorManufacturingPharma IndustryPower and Energy IndustryTransportation and Logistics.
Automotive Industry.
Banking and Finance.
Chemical Industry.
FMCG Sector.
Healthcare Sector.
Manufacturing.
Pharma Industry.
Power and Energy Industry.
Transportation and Logistics.
About Us.
ResourcesBlogUse Cases.
Blog.
Use Cases.
Contact Us.
Privacy Policy.
Home.
Privacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy.
Version Date.
October 30, 2020.
We, Rejig Digital Private Limited, are the owners of  (“Website”) which showcases our product and services (“Offerings”).
We respect data privacy rights and are committed to protecting personal information collected on this Website.
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) sets forth how we collect, use, and protect the personal information on this Website.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
For residents of the EU, please note that this Privacy Policy has been updated in accordance with the requirements of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
For Non-EU residents, by continuing to use or access the Website, you agree to this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree with the provisions of this Privacy Policy, you may not avail of the services or access the Website.
1.
WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT.
If you sign up for our Offerings or to get in touch with us through the ‘contact us’ page, or if you use our online form to subscribe to our newsletter or download various resources made available by us on the Website, you are required to provide us with your name, telephone number, e-mail address, the name of your business, and reason for contacting us.
We also collect certain information on the way you use the Website, through third-party tools/applications (such as Google Analytics) that use cookies.
This is done primarily to enhance the user experience.
Our cookies collect certain information from your device (such as your device’s IP address and browsing history) to determine how you use and interact with our Website.
Cookies are small encrypted files, that the Website transfers to the device through which you access our Website.
Google Analytics.
This Website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc.
(“Google”).
Google Analytics uses cookies, text files that are stored on your computer and enable an analysis of your use of the Website.
The information generated by the cookies about your use of this Website is usually transferred to a server of Google in the US and stored there.
In case of activation of IP anonymization on this Website, your IP address from Google will be truncated within Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address is transmitted to a Google server in the US and shortened there.
You can refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser software.
You can also prevent the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the Website to Google and the processing of these data by Google, by clicking the following link ( choosing the available browser plug-in and installing it.
For the sake of brevity, your aforementioned information (i.
e.
information collected through cookies, third-party tools, information submitted for downloading various resources made available by us on the Website and the “Contact Us” page) shall be referred to as “Personal Information”.
As per the provisions of the GDPR, we shall be considered the Controllers of the aforementioned Personal Information collected through our Website.
Accuracy of information.
Please make sure that any Personal Information you share with us is accurate and up to date information.
If you are sharing any Personal Information on behalf of a third person, you should ensure that you are authorized to do so.
2.
WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
●	to provide you the information about our Offerings, to provide you such Offerings if we engage in a business relationship, and to assist you in the event you need any additional support.
●	for creation or development of business intelligence or data analytics in relation to the Offerings provided by us (for this purpose we may share the Personal Information with third party tools/applications listed above).
●	to improve our Offerings.
●	to maintain and manage your data in our database.
●	to manage our relationship with you.
●	to provide you information that we may believe may be of your interest.
●	for internal record keeping.
and●	to comply with our legal or statutory obligations.
Legal Basis (for people from the EU).
We will not process your Personal Information without a lawful basis to do so.
We will process your Personal Information only on the legal bases of consent [as provided in Art.
6 (1) (a) of the GDPR], contract [as provided in Art.
6 (1) (b) of the GDPR], or on the basis of our legitimate interests [as provided in Art.
6 (1) (f) of the GDPR], provided that such interests are not overridden by your privacy rights and interests.
3.
WHO DO WE DISCLOSE YOUR DATA TO.
Affiliates.
We may provide your Personal Information to our affiliates to enable them to provide you with products or services on our behalf.
Service Providers.
We may share your Personal Information with the service providers who work with us in connection with operating the Website and/ or providing the Offerings.
We also use a third-party tool and service provider called MailChimp for email marketing and transactional emails.
All such service providers are subject to stringent confidentiality restrictions consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Merger or Acquisition.
We may transfer your Personal Information if we are acquired by another entity, or if we merge with another company or transfer a part of our business, including the Website, to a third party.
Any such third party or resultant entity that receives your Personal Information shall have the right to continue to use your Personal Information in line with the purposes set out herein.
In the event of such a sale or transfer, we may notify you.
Legal and Regulatory Authorities.
We may disclose your Personal Information in order to comply with our legal obligations/ court orders/ requests by Govt.
authorities.
4.
TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION ACROSS BORDERS (FOR EU RESIDENTS).
We have a worldwide presence through our regional sales or delivery centers/channels.
The Personal Information we collect (of Indian residents) might be processed outside the India at secure centers located in the India.
We collect and transfer Personal Information outside the India in accordance with India data protection laws.
We will ensure that any such transfers of Personal Information (outside the India) will be in accordance with the GDPR.
If you have questions, please contact us as indicated in the “CONTACT US” section that you will find at the end of the present Privacy Policy.
5.
HOW LONG DO WE RETAIN YOUR DATA.
We will retain your Personal Information as long as it is required to be retained for the purposes listed in the section titled “What do we Do with Your Information” and to comply with our legal obligations.
Subject to this section, we will try to delete your Personal Information upon reasonable written request for the same.
If you unsubscribe from our mailers we shall restrict our communications to you.
Please note, however, that there might be latency in deleting Personal Information from our servers.
For more information on where and how long your personal data is stored, and for more information on your rights to erasure and portability, please contact .
6.
OUR SECURITY MEASURES.
Your Personal Information is stored at secure servers located in the US and India.
Although we provide appropriate firewalls and protections, we cannot warrant the security of any Personal Information transmitted as these systems are not hack proof.
Data pilferage due to unauthorized hacking, virus attacks, technical issues is possible, and we assume no liability or responsibility for it.
You are required to be careful to avoid “phishing” scams, where someone may send you an e-mail that looks like it is from us asking for your Personal Information.
7.
YOUR RIGHTS.
For the EU residents, you have the right to request to view your Personal Information in our possession, right to have us rectify or modify any such Personal Information, right to have us erase/delete your Personal Information, right to restrict us from processing such Personal Information, right to object to our use of your Personal Information.
If you would like to exercise ANY of these rights, please contact In the event we fail to assist you in exercising any of your aforementioned rights in relation to your Personal Information in our possession, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the concerned EU data protection authority.
8.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES.
Our Website may contain links to other websites/applications of your interest.
The Offerings may also include aspects or features which can be accessed through third-party platforms.
Please note that we do not have any control over such other websites/applications and you will be accessing these websites/applications at your own risk.
Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such websites/applications and those are not governed by this Privacy Policy.
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy policy applicable to such websites/applications.
9.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
To the extent permissible under the law, we shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, data, information, or other intangible losses (even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages), arising out of this Privacy Policy.
10.
GOVERNING LAWS AND DISPUTES.
This Privacy Policy shall be construed and governed by the laws of India without regard to principles of conflict of laws.
Any dispute arising, between you and us, shall be submitted to the arbitration to be conducted in Ahmedabad, India in English language, in accordance with the rules of Arbitration and Conciliation Act of 1996, by a sole arbitrator, who shall be appointed by us and the award made in pursuance thereof shall be binding on you and us.
Subject to the arbitration provisions, you agree that the courts in Ahmedabad, India shall have an exclusive jurisdiction over such disputes.
For any EU residents, this Privacy Policy shall be governed by the provisions of the GDPR.
11.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time.
We shall provide you with an email notification indicating any material changes in the Privacy Policy.
Additionally, you are encouraged to check this Privacy Policy on a regular basis to be aware of the changes made to it.
This Privacy Policy was last modified in Oct 2020.
12.
CONTACT US.
If you have any questions or concerns or grievances regarding this Privacy Policy, you can email us at our grievance email-address .
“I AGREE”.
Version Update- October 30, 2020.
Address A-201, The Capital, Science City Rd,Opp.
Hetarth Party Plot, Sola,Ahmedabad, Gujarat 380060Phone.
+91-7433973355Email.
.
A-201, The Capital, Science City Rd,Opp.
Hetarth Party Plot, Sola,Ahmedabad, Gujarat 380060.
Phone.
+91-7433973355.
Email.
.
Contact Us.
FAQ.
PRIVACY POLICY.
CAREER.
CONTACT US.
© 2022 Rejig Digital Pvt.
Ltd.
All rights reserved.
