HOME.
Relia at a GlanceRelia at a GlanceRelia at a Glance TOPPoint1 The Relia Group’s  AimsPoint2 The Relia Group’s  BusinessPoint3 The Relia Group’s HistoryPoint4 The Relia Group in Figures.
Relia at a Glance.
Relia at a Glance TOP.
Point1 The Relia Group’s  Aims.
Point2 The Relia Group’s  Business.
Point3 The Relia Group’s History.
Point4 The Relia Group in Figures.
Corporate InformationCorporate InformationCorporate Information TOPMessage from the PresidentCorporate PhilosophyCorporate Profile and HistoryRelia Group Compliance Standardsfor Full-time Permanent Employees and Contract Employeesfor OperatorsGroup CompaniesOrganization and OfficersOffice LocationsCorporate Governance.
Corporate Information.
Corporate Information TOP.
Message from the President.
Corporate Philosophy.
Corporate Profile and History.
Relia Group Compliance Standardsfor Full-time Permanent Employees and Contract Employeesfor Operators.
for Full-time Permanent Employees and Contract Employees.
for Operators.
Group Companies.
Organization and Officers.
Office Locations.
Corporate Governance.
Service.
IRIRIR TOPIR NewsManagement Policy and StrategyMessage from ManagementMid-term Management PlanDisclosure PolicyFinancial CalendarFinancial StatementManagement IndicatorsProfit and loss statementBalance sheetIR LibrarySummary of Financial ResultsPresentation MaterialBusiness ReportSponsored Research ReportStock informationBasic Share InformationShare Price InformationDividend PolicyAnalyst CoverageDisclaimer.
IR.
IR TOP.
IR News.
Management Policy and StrategyMessage from ManagementMid-term Management PlanDisclosure Policy.
Message from Management.
Mid-term Management Plan.
Disclosure Policy.
Financial Calendar.
Financial StatementManagement IndicatorsProfit and loss statementBalance sheet.
Management Indicators.
Profit and loss statement.
Balance sheet.
IR LibrarySummary of Financial ResultsPresentation MaterialBusiness ReportSponsored Research Report.
Summary of Financial Results.
Presentation Material.
Business Report.
Sponsored Research Report.
Stock informationBasic Share InformationShare Price InformationDividend PolicyAnalyst Coverage.
Basic Share Information.
Share Price Information.
Dividend Policy.
Analyst Coverage.
Disclaimer.
SustainabilitySustainabilitySustainabilitySustainability policy.
Sustainability.
Sustainability.
Sustainability policy.
Font size.
A.
A.
JAPANESE.
HOME.
Privacy policy.
PRINT.
Privacy policy.
Personal Information Protection Policy.
Inquiries Concerning Personal Information.
Purpose of Use.
Provision of Personal Information to Third Parties.
Outsourcing the Handling of Personal Information.
Procedures for Requesting Disclosure, etc.
of Personal Information.
Personal Information Management Officer.
Notices Concerning Personal Information.
Personal Information Protection Policy.
Relia provides a variety of outsourcing services focused on call center operations.
We are fully aware of the importance of our clients' and their customers' personal information, as well as our employees' personal information, and we make every effort to ensure that such information is managed securely.
We comply with laws, regulations and internal rules and work to continuously strengthen our information management system in order to protect such personal information.
Acquisition and Use of Personal Information        Personal information we acquire on our clients' users and our employees, etc.
is limited to that necessary for business purposes.
Use of such personal information shall not deviate from the purpose for which it was acquired.
Management and Protection of Personal Information        We strictly manage personal information and do not disclose or provide data to third parties without the consent of the individual concerned.
We take appropriate measures to prevent unintentional information leaks.
Governing Law        We comply with applicable laws, regulations, and standards concerning personal information we retain or that is entrusted to us.
Ongoing Improvements to Our Personal Information Protection Management Systems and Mechanisms        We make ongoing improvements to our systems and mechanisms for managing the protection of personal information.
Inquiries        We have established a personal information inquiries desk to respond appropriately to inquiries relating to personal information we acquire and use.
Enacted.
May 23, 2003      Revised.
June 26, 2018      Relia, Inc.
Representative Director, President & CEO.
Takashi Amino.
Regarding the Handling of Personal Information.
Takashi Amino President and CEORelia, Inc.
Odakyu Southern Tower 16F 2-2-1, Yoyogi Shibuya-ku, Tokyo.
Purpose of Use.
Personal information acquired and used by Relia Inc.
(“Relia”, “we”) or used only as a contractor, is used for the      purposes listed below.
Note that we shall continue to use personal information, etc.
acquired prior to the Personal Information Protection Act taking effect (prior to Match 31, 2005) that is retained in our database, in accordance with the following purposes of use.
NB.
Telephone conversations may be recorded.
NB.
The personal information acquired in accordance with Type (1) in the table above is not included in our retained personal data.
NB.
The personal information acquired in accordance with Type (2) to Type (8) in the table above is limited to personal information, such as the individual's name, affiliation, address, telephone number, fax number, email address, etc.
, necessary for achieving the purpose of use.
Furthermore, the personal information is provided on a voluntary basis by the individual.
however, should such necessary personal information not be provided, some difficulties may arise, such that it may not be possible to do business with us, we may not be able to get in contact or send information, offer employment opportunities, or respond to any inquiries.
Provision of Personal Information to Third Parties.
Relia only provides personal information to third parties in the following cases.
When we have obtained prior consent from the individual concerned.
When acquiring personal information for the purpose of provision to a third party and the individual concerned has been notified of the purpose of provision, the items of personal information to be provided, the way in which personal information will be provided and the recipient, and consent has been obtained from the individual concerned.
When corresponding to Article 23.
1 of the Personal Information Protection Act.
When the personal information is provided to third parties within the scope necessary for achieving the purpose of use.
NB.
Includes the provision of personal information of employees to financial institutions, such as banks, to carry out the direct deposit of salaries, etc.
Outsourcing the Handling of Personal Information.
With regard to personal information acquired by Relia, we may outsource the handling of personal information that is within the scope necessary for achieving the purpose of use to a partner company that provides a sufficient level of protection for personal information.
Provision of Personal Information to Third Parties in Foreign Countries.
With regard to service outsourcing agreements between Relia and a client company, or the processing of internal office work, we may outsource (re-consign) work that includes the handling of personal information, to group companies of Relia that are located in foreign countries (hereinafter, "Overseas Group Company").
Below are the name of the Overseas Group Company and the system related to the protection of personal information in the country in which it is located.
Inspiro Relia, Inc.
The Philippines： VIETNAM JOINT STOCK COMPANYVietnam： Moshi Hotline Dalian, Inc.
China： LimitedThailand：.
Actions necessary for protecting personal informationAs prescribed by rules of the Personal Information Protection Committee, Relia shall undertake actions that concern the handling of personal information and are necessary for ensuring continuous implementation of equivalent actions by its Overseas Group Companies, and provide information related to the necessary actions to the relevant individual, in response to the request by the individual.
Actions Taken for Security Management.
With regard to retained personal data, Relia shall take the following actions for security management.
Formulation of basic policiesFormulate basic policies regarding "compliance with related laws, regulations, codes, etc.
," "items related to safety management actions," and "contact points for handling inquiries and complaints," etc.
, in order to ensure the proper handling of personal information.
Establishment of rules regarding handling of personal informationFormulate rules for handling personal information that prescribe a handling method, a responsible person, assigned persons for the handling and the related duties, etc.
, for each stage of handling, such as acquisition, use, preservation, provision, deletion, and disposal of personal information.
Organizational security management actionsEstablish a responsible person for handling personal information, clarify who the employees are that will handle personal information as well as their roles, and the scope of the personal information to be handled, and establish a system for contacting and reporting to the responsible person in the event a violation of laws or rules for handling personal information, a leak of personal information, or any other problematic circumstances has occurred or there are signs that they may occur.
Personal security management actionsInclude items for maintaining confidentiality concerning personal information in the work regulations, and conduct regular training, etc.
, for employees to make them aware of the necessity of protecting personal information.
Physical security management actionsIn each area where personal information is handled, carry out actions that call for physical access control of employees, as well as limiting devices that can be brought into the area, and also actions that call for locked storage and limitation on the removal from the premises of electronic media and documents on which personal information is recorded, in order to prevent theft, misplacement, etc.
, of personal information.
Technical security management actionsCarry out access control of the information system that handles personal information so that only authorized personnel are able to access to the personal information, and implement a structure to protect from unauthorized access and unauthorized software from the outside.
and.
Fully grasping the external environmentIn cases where the handling of personal information is outsourced to our group company located in a foreign country, fully grasp the system in the relevant foreign country for protecting the personal information, then carry out actions necessary to ensure that the Overseas Group Company is able to continuously conduct security management actions to protect personal information.
Procedures for Requesting Disclosure, etc.
of Personal Information.
An individual may request from Relia, with regard to personal data retained by Relia, (1) notification of the purpose of use, (2) disclosure, (3) correction, addition or deletion, (4) suspension of use or erasure, or (5) suspension of provision to third parties (“Disclosure, etc.
Requests”, “Request Disclosure, etc.
”).
To Request Disclosure, etc.
the individual concerned or their representative should fill out necessary details on a prescribed application form and send it, together with documentation to verify their identity or the identity of their representative, to the following address (requester to bear postage costs).
Upon receipt, we will confirm the request and verification documents, etc.
and thereafter, promptly respond, in principle, by a method specified by the individual, such as in writing or by providing electromagnetic record.
Please note that documents submitted will not be returned.
Application Form“Personal Information Disclosure, etc.
Request Form (PDF.
50KB)”.
Identification Verification Documents           Copy of an official document such as the requester's (or their representative's) driver's license or health insurance cardIf the request is being made by a representative.
a letter of authorization from the requester (PDF.
24KB)and a seal registration certification for the requester's seal in addition to the document provided for in 1)            (Copy of an official document such as the requester's driver's license or health insurance card if the requester has not registered their seal)If the representative is a statutory agent such as a person with parental authority.
a certified copy (extract) of the family register or a copy of their residence certificate to indicate their relationship to the requester, in place of a letter of authorization.
Copy of an official document such as the requester's (or their representative's) driver's license or health insurance card.
If the request is being made by a representative.
a letter of authorization from the requester (PDF.
24KB)and a seal registration certification for the requester's seal in addition to the document provided for in 1)            (Copy of an official document such as the requester's driver's license or health insurance card if the requester has not registered their seal).
If the representative is a statutory agent such as a person with parental authority.
a certified copy (extract) of the family register or a copy of their residence certificate to indicate their relationship to the requester, in place of a letter of authorization.
Fees          Fees are charged for Disclosure, etc.
Requests that request notification of the purpose of use or disclosure          Please enclose postage stamps equivalent to 1,000 yen with each request.
Contact Address        Relia, Inc.
Personal Information Inquiries Desk        16F Odakyu Southern Tower, 2-2-1 Yoyogi, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 151-8583.
Personal Information Management Officer.
CPO (Chief Privacy Officer).
Inquiries Concerning Personal Information.
Please contact us if you have any complaints or questions related to personal information.
Personal Information Inquiries Desk.
Telephone.
03-5351-6152 (weekdays.
9.
30-12.
00, 13.
00-17.
00)      .
IS80158/ISO27001    Applied to the "Telemarketing activities in the Shinjuku Telecommunication Center, Okinawa Tida Center and Yokohama Business Park Center.
".
* We are certified to ISO9001 for our internal training (general training.
).
HOME.
Relia at a Glance.
Corporate Information.
Service.
IR.
Sustainability.
Contact.
Privacy policy.
Cookie policy.
© Relia, Inc.
All Right Reserved.
