account.
contact.
Solution.
Recommendations.
Partners.
Prices.
Blog.
Customer Access.
Contact.
Revers.
ioPrivacy Policy.
Introduction.
In this Privacy Policy, the terms "us, our" refer to REVERS.
IO, whilst the terms "you, your" refer to the USER (of the website revers.
io).
Whilst using our website, you trust us to handle your data responsibly.
We take the task of protecting your data very seriously.
this is why treat it with the utmost care and discretion.
This Privacy Policy outlines what data we collect from you, as well as why and how we use it whilst you use our website, and/or provide us with your data via our website.
The terms outlined in the Policy only affect information that we collect from you via our website.
Likewise, please be aware that your personal data is protected by French Law, in particular by the amended law nº78-17, known as the "Loi Informatique et Libertés", which governs the use of information relative to natural persons in France.
It is also protected by European law, specifically by European regulation 2016/679, which relates to the protection of personal data.
These laws impose strict rules for businesses as regards the collection and use of an individual's personal data.
They also give certain rights to the individual whose data is being collected and processed.
Summary.
Definitions.
Definitions.
Collection of usage data and personal data.
Collection of usage data and personal data.
Use of personal data and usage data.
Use of personal data and usage data.
Release of Data.
Release of Data.
Data Protection.
Data Protection.
Use of cookies.
Use of cookies.
Declining cookies.
Declining cookies.
Google Analytics.
Google Analytics.
User rights.
User rights.
Contact Us.
Definitions.
Note.
"Personal Data", "special categories of data", "process/processing", "controller", "processor", "data subject" all have the same meaning as in EU Regulation 2016/679 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data.
"Personal Data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
"Usage data" refers to any data concerning usage of the website's services as collected by the website revers.
io.
This refers to totally anonymous raw data, which is used to produce statistics regarding usage of the website's services, the analysis of which allows for improvement of said website's services and features.
A "filing system" means any structured set of personal data which is accessible according to specific criteria, whether centralised, decentralised or dispersed on a functional or geographical basis.
"Processing" means any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
"Recipients" are any people who are authorised to receive data communications, whether or not they are third parties other than the client, the processor or public authority in the context of a particular inquiry.
"Third parties" are those people that are placed under the direct authority of the controller or processor who are given permission to process personal data.
Collection of usage data and personal data.
REVERS.
IO collects information when the USER registers on the website for a demonstration, when they fill in a contact form, when they post a comment on the website's blog, or when they request to subscribe to the newsletter.
The information collected may include your surname, first name, e-mail address, telephone number, business, and products sold by the USER's company.
Furthermore, REVERS.
IO automatically receives and saves information from the USER's computer and web browser, including IP address, programs, hardware and the page that they are accessing.
Use of usage data and personal data.
Owner of product.
REVERS.
IO is a Third-Party Data processor, placed under the authority of Data Processor (REVERS.
IO Customer).
REVERS.
IO can receive Personal Data relative to the treatment of an After-Sales file.
The data-handling processes on our Return platform aim to.
Enable the Owner of a product to create a claim on a product.
Solve the Owner issue automatically, for example by providing a Shiping Label for the return.
Follow-up the resolution of the created claim.
Customers and prospects.
The data-handling processes on our website aim to.
Enable contact of REVERS.
IO via a form.
Produce statistics relating to website traffic and visits (cookies).
Manage subscriptions to our newsletter.
Implement operations that carry out commercial prospecting.
Give access to the front-office (buyers) returns portal and the back-office space (clients-merchants).
Data processed within the context of commercial prospecting with the USER's consent cannot be held for longer than 3 years after their last contact or in the case of their opposition thereto.
With the information collected, REVERS.
IO may send emails for various reasons, which are the following.
The USER is subscribed to the newsletter to receive other kinds of marketing and commercial communications from us.
The USER has submitted a request for information and REVERS.
IO contacts them in order to respond to this request.
Release of Data.
Owner data.
Data collected by REVERS.
IO for the uses stated above is intended for the company only.
Within REVERS.
IO, data may be used by the operations department, the customer service department and the technical support department, for the sole purpose of providing the service to the Owner, or to maintain the platform.
In no instance will the data collected be provided to third partie in return of payment.
The collected data can be sent to Third-Parties for the sole purpose of providing the Service to the Owner, and with the Owner knowledge.
This includes in particular the Shipping Companies which are used to provide the Return service.
Customer and Prospects data.
Data collected by REVERS.
IO for the uses stated above is intended for the company only.
Within REVERS.
IO, data may be sent to management, the sales department, the marketing department, the operations department, the customer service department and the technical support department.
In no instance will the data collected be provided to third parties, whether in return of payment or free of charge.
REVERS.
IO reserves the right to send personal data of the individuals concerned in order to satisfy legal obligations, notably in the case of judicial requisition.
Furthermore, where REVERS.
IO cooperates with service providers that contribute to the running of the site or the management of business matters, the latter are selected for the guarantees of security that they have given.
Data Protection.
Aware of the importance of data security, REVERS.
IO wishes that the USER's browsing experience be as secure as possible.
REVERS.
IO therefore implements processes that safeguard their personal data.
Only employees who carry out specific tasks have access to identifiable personal data.
The computers and servers used to store personal information are kept in a secure environment.
However, in spite of the best efforts of REVERS.
IO to protect the personal data of the USER against potential risks and leaks, there is no such thing as total security online.
As a result, REVERS.
IO invites the USER to support their efforts in maintaining this security by not revealing any particularly sensitive or extraneous data within the website's commentary sections.
Use of "Cookies".
REVERS.
IO uses cookies to improve access to the website (revers.
io) and to identify regular users.
These cookies improve the experience of USERS by recording and targeting their interests.
Use of these cookies is in no way linked to any identifiable personal data on the website.
May the USER be aware of the fact that, when connected to the website, cookies or other technologies are used, subject to the choice of the USER, which can be changed at any time.
A cookie allows the sender, whilst valid, to recognise the terminal being used (computer, tablet, smartphone, etc.
) each time that this terminal accesses a piece of digital content that includes cookies from the sender.
A cookie saves information relating to your computer's navigation of our website (the pages you have opened, the date and time that they were opened, etc.
) that we can read during further visits to the website.
The USER can refuse that cookies be saved by configuring their browser settings as detailed below.
In such a case, access to certain services and sections of the website may be altered, or even rendered impossible.
Several kinds of cookies are used by the website.
"Session or navigation" cookies, which are strictly necessary for navigation of the website, and which ensure that the website functions at all.
Cookies that allow website visit statistics to be generated.
The amount of time that cookies remain active is variable according to the cookies in question.
For the most part, REVERS.
IO uses session cookies, which self-destruct after the connection to the website has ended.
A logging file allows us to compile an access history for all of our web pages or for downloads of any files available on our websites.
This lasts for six months.
Finally, information concerning the USER's consent regarding use of cookies is kept for three months.
Cookies are used for internal purposes and are not accessible to third parties.
Declining cookies.
The USER can configure their browser program in order to decline cookies according to the sender, or to decline their use in general.
The USER can also configure their browser program in such a way that they receive messages to accept or refuse cookies regularly, before a cookie has the potential to be saved into their terminal.
Configuration of cookies and user preferences about the management of cookies varies from browser to browser.
The procedures for configuration of preferences regarding cookies are outlined in the help menu of the browser.
For Internet Explorer™.
For Safari™.
For Chrome™.
For Firefox™.
For Opera™.
The user can, at any moment, choose to express or change their preferences as regards the usage of cookies.
Google Analytics Cookies.
Our website uses the web analytics service "Google Analytics", provided by Google Inc.
Google Analytics uses cookies that allow for the analysis of how the website is used.
Furthermore, the "Conversion tracking" feature of "Google Ads" also uses cookies.
Information generated by cookies regarding your usage of this website is sent to a Google Server located in the United States of America, where it is stored.
Google uses this information to monitor your usage of the website in order to write and compile reports on the website's activity for operators and managers of the website, as well as to provide other services relating to the use of the website and the Internet.
Google may transmit this information to third parties, but only in cases where the law requires it or if this data is processed by third parties on Google's behalf.
Your IP address will never be linked to other Google data.
You can deactivate cookies by modifying your browser settings.
however, we must inform you that in so doing you will not be able to use all the features of the website.
User rights.
In accordance with articles 38 to 40-1 of the amended law nº78-17 of January 6th 1978 concerning Information Technology, files and civil liberties (referred to as the "Loi Informatique et Libertés") and European Regulation 2016/679 concerning personal data, the individuals concerned are entitled to have access to data, have corrections made to data, have data deleted, make instructions about how your data is used post-mortem (your data will be deleted unless you indicate otherwise) or refuse on legitimate grounds that your data be used, rights which you may exercise by contacting the GDPR Department of REVERS.
IO — Access rights request — 12BIS rue de la Victoire 75009 PARIS.
Unsubscribing from newsletters and emails.
if at any point the USER wishes to unsubscribe and no longer receive emails, detailed instructions on how to do so are given at the bottom of each email.
Contact Us.
For any questions regarding the current Privacy Policy or any issue concerning personal data, the USER can contact REVERS.
IO by sending an email to the following address.
.
By using the website revers.
io, the USER accepts the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Solutions.
Merchant Offer.
Enterprise Offer.
Our prices.
Questions/answers.
Contact.
Contact for sellers.
Contact for individuals.
LinkedIn.
Twitter.
About us.
Who are we.
Recruitment.
Recommendations.
Blog.
© Revers.
io 2018.
