GPS TrackersVehicle GPS TrackersReal-time location tracking systems for cars, vans, motorcycles, and lorries, wired or plug & play options.
Magnetic Asset TrackersBattery powered GPS tracking systems with magnets for attaching to flat metal surfaces such as containers.
Spytrack SeriesSpytrack series are small portable tracking devices for all purpose use and provides long battery life.
See AlsoLatest news and updates from GPSLiveInstallation Guide .
DB2 GPS TrackerKeyless Car Theft Protection TipsBuyers’ Guide .
Vehicle GPS TrackersHow to Reduce Idling CostsGPS tracking systems for Luxury Cars Portable GPS TrackersBattery-powered, small tracking systems for tracking bikes, assets, people or vehicles in real-time.
Personal GPS TrackersSmall tracking devices for tracking the movements of Alzheimers’ and Dementia patients or kids.
Satellite TrackersSatellite-Communications based tracking systems for tracking assets outside GSM coverage zones.
Vehicle GPS TrackersReal-time location tracking systems for cars, vans, motorcycles, and lorries, wired or plug & play options.
Real-time location tracking systems for cars, vans, motorcycles, and lorries, wired or plug & play options.
Magnetic Asset TrackersBattery powered GPS tracking systems with magnets for attaching to flat metal surfaces such as containers.
Battery powered GPS tracking systems with magnets for attaching to flat metal surfaces such as containers.
Spytrack SeriesSpytrack series are small portable tracking devices for all purpose use and provides long battery life.
Spytrack series are small portable tracking devices for all purpose use and provides long battery life.
See AlsoLatest news and updates from GPSLiveInstallation Guide .
DB2 GPS TrackerKeyless Car Theft Protection TipsBuyers’ Guide .
Vehicle GPS TrackersHow to Reduce Idling CostsGPS tracking systems for Luxury Cars.
Latest news and updates from GPSLive.
Installation Guide .
DB2 GPS Tracker.
Keyless Car Theft Protection Tips.
Buyers’ Guide .
Vehicle GPS Trackers.
How to Reduce Idling Costs.
GPS tracking systems for Luxury Cars.
Portable GPS TrackersBattery-powered, small tracking systems for tracking bikes, assets, people or vehicles in real-time.
Battery-powered, small tracking systems for tracking bikes, assets, people or vehicles in real-time.
Personal GPS TrackersSmall tracking devices for tracking the movements of Alzheimers’ and Dementia patients or kids.
Small tracking devices for tracking the movements of Alzheimers’ and Dementia patients or kids.
Satellite TrackersSatellite-Communications based tracking systems for tracking assets outside GSM coverage zones.
Satellite-Communications based tracking systems for tracking assets outside GSM coverage zones.
Insurance GPS TrackersThatcham Approved TrackersThatcham Approved Trackers for Vehicles, Monitoring alarm centre and lvl1 Police response.
What are Thatcham CategoriesThe benefits and differences of Thatcham approved tracking systems for vehicle security.
Book a Device FittingBook a local fitting service for your tracking device.
Pick a location of your choice for the installation.
See AlsoAnti-theft Vehicle Tracking systems  for individuals.
Insurance Approve Tracking Systems for Electric Vehicles.
What does it mean to have Thatcham  approval for GPS.
Rewire S5Thatcam Category s5 GPS Tracking system.
Rewire S5+Thatcam Category s5+ GPS Tracking system.
Rewire S7Thatcam Category s7 GPS Tracking system.
Thatcham Approved TrackersThatcham Approved Trackers for Vehicles, Monitoring alarm centre and lvl1 Police response.
Thatcham Approved Trackers for Vehicles, Monitoring alarm centre and lvl1 Police response.
What are Thatcham CategoriesThe benefits and differences of Thatcham approved tracking systems for vehicle security.
The benefits and differences of Thatcham approved tracking systems for vehicle security.
Book a Device FittingBook a local fitting service for your tracking device.
Pick a location of your choice for the installation.
Book a local fitting service for your tracking device.
Pick a location of your choice for the installation.
See AlsoAnti-theft Vehicle Tracking systems  for individuals.
Insurance Approve Tracking Systems for Electric Vehicles.
What does it mean to have Thatcham  approval for GPS.
Anti-theft Vehicle Tracking systems  for individuals.
Insurance Approve Tracking Systems for Electric Vehicles.
What does it mean to have Thatcham  approval for GPS.
Rewire S5Thatcam Category s5 GPS Tracking system.
Thatcam Category s5 GPS Tracking system.
Rewire S5+Thatcam Category s5+ GPS Tracking system.
Thatcam Category s5+ GPS Tracking system.
Rewire S7Thatcam Category s7 GPS Tracking system.
Thatcam Category s7 GPS Tracking system.
Fleet Tracking SystemsFleet Tracking SystemsTracking systems for fleet management featuring.
fuel, Location history, reports, driver id and maintenance.
Remote Video SurveillanceRewire Dual Cam system provides real-time video footage and photos from in and outside the vehicles.
Trip & Mileage LoggingLower business costs by keeping a track of mileage to separate business and personal use of vehicles.
See AlsoHow to lower fuel consumption and idling fuel costs for FleetsHow to improve customer service using fleet tracking systemsHow to organize drivers for Fleet vehicle maintenanceTemperature MonitoringRemotely monitor the temperature and humidity levels, Setup alerts to get notified of sudden changes.
Driver Behaviour & IDMonitor which employee is driving which vehicle at all times, Analyse and improve driver behaviour.
Maintenance RemindersSet up reminders to get notified about MOT and vehicle services, improve maintenance routine.
Fleet Tracking SystemsTracking systems for fleet management featuring.
fuel, Location history, reports, driver id and maintenance.
Tracking systems for fleet management featuring.
fuel, Location history, reports, driver id and maintenance.
Remote Video SurveillanceRewire Dual Cam system provides real-time video footage and photos from in and outside the vehicles.
Rewire Dual Cam system provides real-time video footage and photos from in and outside the vehicles.
Trip & Mileage LoggingLower business costs by keeping a track of mileage to separate business and personal use of vehicles.
Lower business costs by keeping a track of mileage to separate business and personal use of vehicles.
See AlsoHow to lower fuel consumption and idling fuel costs for FleetsHow to improve customer service using fleet tracking systemsHow to organize drivers for Fleet vehicle maintenance.
How to lower fuel consumption and idling fuel costs for Fleets.
How to improve customer service using fleet tracking systems.
How to organize drivers for Fleet vehicle maintenance.
Temperature MonitoringRemotely monitor the temperature and humidity levels, Setup alerts to get notified of sudden changes.
Remotely monitor the temperature and humidity levels, Setup alerts to get notified of sudden changes.
Driver Behaviour & IDMonitor which employee is driving which vehicle at all times, Analyse and improve driver behaviour.
Monitor which employee is driving which vehicle at all times, Analyse and improve driver behaviour.
Maintenance RemindersSet up reminders to get notified about MOT and vehicle services, improve maintenance routine.
Set up reminders to get notified about MOT and vehicle services, improve maintenance routine.
Solutions & ServicesLogistics & TransportationGPS tracking systems for the logistics industry monitor the location vehicles at all times.
GPSLive SoftwareGPSLive Features live map, past route history and timeline, reports and dashboards.
GPSLive Mobile APPGPSLive app works on IOS and Android phones.
Access real-time information 24/7.
See AlsoNew trends in GPS tracking and telematics in 2021Trip mileage calculation for business tax deductionImproving security of assets with GPS tracking systemsCargo & Asset TrackingImprove the security of valuable assets by keeping an eye on them at all times using portable asset trackers.
Construction EquipmentBattery powered tracking systems for improving the security of construction vehicle and equipment.
Mobile Tracker APPThe Mobile tracker app transforms a smartphone into a tracking device that transmits its location.
Logistics & TransportationGPS tracking systems for the logistics industry monitor the location vehicles at all times.
GPS tracking systems for the logistics industry monitor the location vehicles at all times.
GPSLive SoftwareGPSLive Features live map, past route history and timeline, reports and dashboards.
GPSLive Features live map, past route history and timeline, reports and dashboards.
GPSLive Mobile APPGPSLive app works on IOS and Android phones.
Access real-time information 24/7.
GPSLive app works on IOS and Android phones.
Access real-time information 24/7.
See AlsoNew trends in GPS tracking and telematics in 2021Trip mileage calculation for business tax deductionImproving security of assets with GPS tracking systems.
New trends in GPS tracking and telematics in 2021.
Trip mileage calculation for business tax deduction.
Improving security of assets with GPS tracking systems.
Cargo & Asset TrackingImprove the security of valuable assets by keeping an eye on them at all times using portable asset trackers.
Improve the security of valuable assets by keeping an eye on them at all times using portable asset trackers.
Construction EquipmentBattery powered tracking systems for improving the security of construction vehicle and equipment.
Battery powered tracking systems for improving the security of construction vehicle and equipment.
Mobile Tracker APPThe Mobile tracker app transforms a smartphone into a tracking device that transmits its location.
The Mobile tracker app transforms a smartphone into a tracking device that transmits its location.
ExtrasTracker AccessoriesAccessories for tracking devices, chargers, car mounts, extra batteries, USB cables and more.
M2M SIM CardsMachine-2-Machine SIM cards for GPS tracking systems and IoT devices - UK, EU or Global coverage.
Downloads & GuidesTracking device and GPSLive software guides, user manuals, videos and other downloads.
See AlsoDelivery TermsInstallation TermsShop TermsGPSLive WebGPSLive Fleet WebSoftware SubscriptionGPSLive, GPSLive fleet and Spytrack service Prepaid top-up or monthly recurring payment options.
GPSLive LoginLogin to your GPSLive account.
GPSLive GuideLearn more about GPSLive.
Tracker AccessoriesAccessories for tracking devices, chargers, car mounts, extra batteries, USB cables and more.
Accessories for tracking devices, chargers, car mounts, extra batteries, USB cables and more.
M2M SIM CardsMachine-2-Machine SIM cards for GPS tracking systems and IoT devices - UK, EU or Global coverage.
Machine-2-Machine SIM cards for GPS tracking systems and IoT devices - UK, EU or Global coverage.
Downloads & GuidesTracking device and GPSLive software guides, user manuals, videos and other downloads.
Tracking device and GPSLive software guides, user manuals, videos and other downloads.
See AlsoDelivery TermsInstallation TermsShop TermsGPSLive WebGPSLive Fleet Web.
Delivery Terms.
Installation Terms.
Shop Terms.
GPSLive Web.
GPSLive Fleet Web.
Software SubscriptionGPSLive, GPSLive fleet and Spytrack service Prepaid top-up or monthly recurring payment options.
GPSLive, GPSLive fleet and Spytrack service Prepaid top-up or monthly recurring payment options.
GPSLive LoginLogin to your GPSLive account.
Login to your GPSLive account.
GPSLive GuideLearn more about GPSLive.
Learn more about GPSLive.
No products in the cart.
No products in the cart.
Privacy Policy.
Rewire Security offers free delivery with Royal Mail on all orders within the UK.
Our Website Address.
.
Company Information.
REM Trading LTD.
– GB219306813.
Rewire Security is committed to protecting the privacy of its customers.
We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with The EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
We collect information about you to process your order and to provide you with the best possible service.
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it.
The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here.
After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included.
Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies.
These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment.
These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies.
This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices.
Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year.
If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks.
If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser.
This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited.
It expires after 1 day.
We only send promotional email or mail to you with your prior consent and do not pass any of your information to third parties without first gaining your explicit consent.
We need to collect the following information from you in order to process your order and notify you of the status of your order.
Your Name Company Name Address Email address Credit or Debit card or Paypal details.
We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent, however additional information you may provide us with may be used to personalize your visits to our website.
We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties.
We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our website.
This can include using a “cookie” which would be stored on your browser.
You can usually modify your browser to prevent this from happening.
The information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings.
Please visit Cookie Policy to get more information on how we utilize cookies on this website.
The EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) requires us to be open about our holding and use of personal data.
It also entitles individuals to find out from us what personal data is held about them on a computer, to have that information corrected or erased if it is inaccurate, and to claim compensation if they can prove they have suffered damage from inaccuracy or breach of security.
In addition to your rights under the GDPR, set out in section 4, when you submit personal data via Our Sites, you may be given options to restrict Our use of your data.
In particular, We aim to give you strong controls on Our use of your data for direct marketing purposes.
Geo-location Data.
In serving you, we may use GPS technology provided by your smartphont to determine your precise geographic location, in order to give this information to the users you have authorised for that and provide relevant services to them.
We may use and store information about your real-time location to provide features of our Platform and to improve and customize it.
Also, we may use it for statistics analysis and share that non-personal aggregated data with other parties.
We will not use or share this data for any other purpose.
Many mobile phones will show you an icon when location services are operating.
We only share this location information with others as approved by you.
If you do not want us to use your location for the purposes set forth above, you should switch off the GPS or turn off the location services for the mobile application located in your account settings or in your mobile phone settings and/or within the mobile application.
E-mail marketing practices.
You may opt-out from any email marketing by using the unsubscribe links at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Payment Card details.
We process your payment card details in order to complete the purchases that you made through the Website and mobile applications and may in certain instances disclose your personal data to third party credit reference agencies to perform credit checks against you.
We do not save or store your credit card information on our website at any time.
Transferring data internationally.
By using and/or shopping on the Rewire Security Websites you consent to the transfer of your personal data to our servers located in the European Economic Area (EEA), We do not transfer your personal data to third party data processors located in countries outside of the European Economic Area (‘EEA’).
We may disclose personal data we collect to third parties in the following manner.
To provide you with behavioural advertising through the use of cookies on the Website.
This means that we have your agreement to store information about the products you have viewed or purchased so that we are able to make the advertisements you see more relevant to you.
In the event that you do not want to receive tailored advertising, or do not wish for any of your information to be processed through the use of cookies, please refer to the section on Cookies.
From time to time, to inform you by post, email, SMS or other available means, of products, services, promotions and special offers from our retail channel and REM Trading LTD.
Group of Companies.
We may use your personal data in the following manner.
To provide an e-Receipt for purchase from the website.
User-submitted images may be transmitted to image compression servers in the UK & EU and stored there for up to 30 days.
For research, analysis, risk management, legal, accounting, administrative, testing, monitoring and for our business operations.
To assist with any of your customer queries.
In the detection and prevention of fraud or other crimes.
To enable us to comply with any legal or regulatory requirements.
In certain circumstances in order to process your order and to verify your identity, we may call your provided telephone number you have provided to perform security checks and to request that you verify certain information.
In the event that you purchase goods on the Rewire Security website, you may be sent an email requesting whether you would like to review your product.
To contact you if there is a query regarding your order.
To monitor and improve our services and the Website.
Depending on your preferences on the use of our website and services, we, or third party data processors who act on our behalf, may use the personal data you provide us in the following manner.
Your customer queries.
Browsing and shopping activities.
Usernames.
Email addresses.
Phone and fax numbers.
Billing and delivery postal addresses.
Your name, age, date of birth and gender.
Rewire Security is committed to upholding EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
We may update our policies from time-time by posting a new version on our website, please check regularly to be aware of any updates.
Cookie Policy.
Rewire Security is committed to protecting the privacy of its customers.
We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with The EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)).
We collect information about you to process your order and to provide you with the best possible service.
Cookies are small encrypted text files that are stored on your computer (smartphone – tablet) by this Website.
The Website uses cookies to collect information about you to improve user experience and for advertisement purposes.
We use cookies for the following reasons.
For marketing purposes, for example, to display personalized banners to our customers.
To identify you as you travel around our site and to monitor your journey and record sales.
This enables us to identify issues and improve our customer journey.
To provide site usage information, which together with purchase information, will further help us improve and develop the products and services we offer.
To ensure that items are placed into your Shopping Basket and your order is processed correctly.
You may change your website browser settings to reject cookies.
At no point do our cookies or those of our third parties store your personal payment information on our website.
First party cookies are the cookies that Rewire Security set to offer you a fully functional experience when shopping our site.
Third party cookies are set by our business partners such as Social Media and Google.
Our cookies don’t store personal information such as name, address or any payment details.
How to remove Cookies.
If you would like to restrict the use of cookies you can control this in your Internet browser.
Links to advice on how to do this for the most popular Internet browsers are provided below for convenience and will be available for the Internet browser of your choice either online or via the software help (normally available via key F1).
Internet Explorer.
Google Chrome.
Mozilla Firefox.
Apple Safari.
We try to ensure that our customers have full visibility of the cookies used on our website.
Our website requires certain cookies to be enabled for you to be able to shop on RewireSecurity.
co.
uk however if you would like to restrict or block cookies from this website you can use your browser to do so.
Rewire Security first-party cookies include.
Language, Currency, PHPSESSID, _gat, _ga, _gid, __atssc, __atuvc.
What types of cookies do we use.
Essential.
Some cookies are essential for you to be able to experience the full functionality of our site.
They allow us to maintain user sessions and prevent any security threats.
They do not collect or store any personal information.
For example, these cookies allow you to log-in to your account and add products to your basket and checkout securely.
Statistics.
These cookies store information like the number of visitors to the website, the number of unique visitors, which pages of the website have been visited, the source of the visit etc.
These data help us understand and analyze how well the website performs and where it needs improvement.
Marketing.
Our website displays advertisements.
These cookies are used to personalize the advertisements that we show to you so that they are meaningful to you.
These cookies also help us keep track of the efficiency of these ad campaigns.
The information stored in these cookies may also be used by the third-party ad providers to show you ads on other websites on the browser as well.
Functional.
These are the cookies that help certain non-essential functionalities on our website.
These functionalities include embedding content like videos or sharing contents on the website on social media platforms.
Preferences.
These cookies help us store your settings and browsing preferences like language preferences so that you have a better and efficient experience on future visits to the website.
How can I control the cookie preferences.
Should you decide to change your preferences later through your browsing session, you can click on the “Privacy & Cookie Policy” tab on your screen.
This will display the consent notice again enabling you to change your preferences or withdraw your consent entirely.
In addition to this, different browsers provide different methods to block and delete cookies used by websites.
You can change the settings of your browser to block/delete the cookies.
To find out more out more on how to manage and delete cookies, visit wikipedia.
org, .
List of Third Party Cookies on this website.
__utma__utmb.
__utmc.
__utmv.
__utmz.
APISID.
HSID.
NID.
AID.
SAPISID.
SID.
SIDCC.
SSID.
These cookies are used to store information, such as what time your current visit occurred, whether you have been to the site before, and what site referred you to the web page.
These cookies contain no personally identifiable information but they will use your computer’s IP address to know from where in the world you are accessing the Internet.
Google stores the information collected by these cookies on servers in the United States.
Google may transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google ’s behalf.
We’ve put together a list of some of the most common questions about cookies.
But if you’re in any doubt, you can contact us at and we’ll do our very best to help.
Our office hours are from 09.
00 to 17.
00 Monday to Friday, excluding Bank Holidays.
We aim to reply to all queries within two working days.
Our Data Protection Officer / GDPR data protection representatives can be contacted directly here.
(0117 942 3650).
Information.
Account.
About us.
Contact Us.
Delivery Conditions.
Installation Terms.
GPS Tracker Transfer.
Link & Resources.
FAQ & Downloads.
FAQs & Answers.
Downloads & Manuals.
GPSLive Guide.
GPSLive Mobile App.
Privacy Policy.
Terms & Conditions.
Blog & Latest News.
Contact.
Address.
Unit 3, Avon Valley Business Park, BS4 4EU, Bristol, the UK.
Phone.
0117 403 1760.
Email.
.
© Copyright REM Trading LTD.
GB219306813 2014-2022.
All Rights Reserved.
GPS TrackersVehicle GPS TrackersMagnetic Asset TrackersSpytrack SeriesSee AlsoPortable GPS TrackersPersonal GPS TrackersSatellite Trackers.
Vehicle GPS Trackers.
Magnetic Asset Trackers.
Spytrack Series.
See Also.
Portable GPS Trackers.
Personal GPS Trackers.
Satellite Trackers.
Insurance GPS TrackersThatcham Approved TrackersWhat are Thatcham CategoriesBook a Device FittingSee AlsoRewire S5Rewire S5+Rewire S7.
Thatcham Approved Trackers.
What are Thatcham Categories.
Book a Device Fitting.
See Also.
Rewire S5.
Rewire S5+.
Rewire S7.
Fleet Tracking SystemsFleet Tracking SystemsRemote Video SurveillanceTrip & Mileage LoggingSee AlsoTemperature MonitoringDriver Behaviour & IDMaintenance Reminders.
Fleet Tracking Systems.
Remote Video Surveillance.
Trip & Mileage Logging.
See Also.
Temperature Monitoring.
Driver Behaviour & ID.
Maintenance Reminders.
Solutions & ServicesLogistics & TransportationGPSLive SoftwareGPSLive Mobile APPSee AlsoCargo & Asset TrackingConstruction EquipmentMobile Tracker APP.
Logistics & Transportation.
GPSLive Software.
GPSLive Mobile APP.
See Also.
Cargo & Asset Tracking.
Construction Equipment.
Mobile Tracker APP.
ExtrasTracker AccessoriesM2M SIM CardsDownloads & GuidesSee AlsoSoftware SubscriptionGPSLive LoginGPSLive Guide.
Tracker Accessories.
M2M SIM Cards.
Downloads & Guides.
See Also.
Software Subscription.
GPSLive Login.
GPSLive Guide.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.
Privacy Policy.
Login.
Sign Up.
Email Address.
Password.
Remember Me Forgot Password.
Log In.
Username.
Email.
Subscribe to our mailing list.
By clicking on 'Register' button, you agree to our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy.
Registration confirmation will be emailed to you.
Register.
Username or Email Address.
Get New Password.
