Data Privacy Statement.
We handle your personal data with care.
We, Rittal North America LLC (hereinafter “Rittal”), are pleased about your visiting our website.
We attach great importance to the protection of your personal data in connection with their processing.
We want you to feel safe when visiting our websites.
Please find below our explanations as to what information we collect during your visits on our website and how that information is used.
Personal data.
Generally, the use of our website does not require that you provide any personal data.
We might, however, require your personal data in order to take advantage of certain offers.
“Personal data” means individual details of personal or factual circumstances of a specified or specifiable individual.
These include, on the one hand, direct information about you such as your real name, your address, phone number and date of birth.
On the other hand, they also include information which does not directly disclose your real identity but can be associated with you such as favorite websites or the number of users of a site, or your IP address.
Therefore, personal data will only be collected, used and transmitted by us if this is permitted by law, if this is necessary to use any of our offers, or if you grant your prior consent to the collection of data.
Collection and processing of personal data.
If you visit our websites, our web servers will, for purposes of system security, temporarily store the connection data of the requesting computer (IP address), our websites visited by you, the date and duration of the visit, the identifier of the type of the browser and operating system used (“User Agent”), as well as the website from which you visit us (“Referrer”).
These data will be analyzed by us for statistical purposes.
This will be done in summarized form, and individual users will not be traced back.
Any additional personal data such as your name, address, phone number or email address will not be collected unless you provide such details voluntarily, for example, in connection with an online application, an information request through the contact form, or the registration for a newsletter or the Online Shop.
Use and disclosure of personal data.
Your personal data will be used by us only to satisfy your wishes and requirements, i.
e.
normally for the settlement of the contract concluded with you, to answer your request, in connection with your online application or to send the newsletter for which you have registered.
We will only use those data for product-related surveys and marketing purposes if you have granted your prior consent or if you, to the extent legally admissible, have not filed an objection.
Your personal data will only be transmitted to third parties if this is necessary to settle the contract, or if you have granted your express prior consent, or if statutory provisions permit a transmission.
If the transmission of personal data to an external service provider is necessary to provide a service or answer a request, we will ensure by appropriate technical and organizational measures that the statutory provisions regarding data protection will be complied with.
In addition, we will oblige our external service providers to comply with the applicable statutory provisions regarding data protection, to treat the personal data confidentially and to delete them without undue delay, once they are no longer needed.
Newsletter.
If you wish to receive one of our newsletters, we will need from you a valid email address and information which enables us to verify that you are the owner of the email address stated and that you agree to receive the newsletter.
No other data will be collected.
This data will only be used to send the newsletter and will not be disclosed to third parties.
Upon the registration for the newsletter, we will store your IP address in addition to your email address, as well as the time/date of the registration.
That storage only serves as proof in the event that a third party misuses your email address and registers for the newsletter without your knowledge.
You may at any time revoke your prior consent to the storage of the data and email address and their use to send the newsletter.
The revocation may be declared through a link in the newsletters or a notification to the contacts stated in the newsletter or below.
HubSpot.
This website uses HubSpot, a service of HubSpot Inc.
, a US software supplier for specific aspects of our online marketing, including.
Content Management (e.
g.
, the contents of the website).
Email Marketing (newsletters and automated mailings, for example, to provide information about updates).
Social Media Publishing & Reporting (e.
g.
, LinkedIn).
Reporting (e.
g.
, traffic sources, accesses etc.
).
Contact Management (e.
g.
, user segmentation & CRM).
Provision of landing pages and contact forms.
HubSpot uses “Web Beacons” and cookies, which are stored on your computer and enable us to analyze your use of the website.
The collected information (e.
g.
, the IP address, the geographic location, the browser type, the duration of the visit and the pages viewed) is analyzed by HubSpot on our behalf in order to generate reports regarding the visit and the pages viewed by you.
If you do not wish a collection through cookies generally, you may at any time prevent the storage of cookies through your browser settings.
The data collected by us through HubSpot will be used by us exclusively to provide, and optimize, our marketing.
Your data can then be used by us to contact you, as a visitor of our website, and to ascertain which of our services might be interesting for you.
If you subscribe to our email newsletters, we will also be able through HubSpot to analyze your visits through your additional details (in particular, name/email address) and to inform you about your preferred topics in a targeted manner.
We also provide our registration service through HubSpot.
The registration service enables you, as a visitor of our website, to learn more about our enterprise, to download content, and to provide us with your contact details and additional information about yourself and your enterprise.
If this is required by law, we will ask you in advance and separately to grant your prior consent to the collection, storage and processing of your data.
The data collected by us through HubSpot are stored on the servers of our contractor, HubSpot, in the USA.
You can inspect the complete privacy policy of HubSpot here .
HubSpot provides information regarding the cookies used by it here and here.
Data protection - Google Analytics.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
("Google").
Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer to help the website analyze how you use the site.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will normally be transmitted to, and stored by, Google on servers in the United States.
We have, however, expanded Google Analytics on this website by the code, "anonymizeIP".
Google will use that information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activities for website operators and providing other services to the website operator relating to website activities and Internet usage.
You can refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser.
however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
You can also prevent the collection of the data generated by cookies which relate to your use of the website (including your IP address) and the processing of such data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in which is available here.
As an alternative to the browser add-on, in particular, in the case of browsers on mobile end devices, you can also prevent the collection of data by Google Analytics by clicking the following link.
An opt-out cookie will be placed which will prevent the future collection of your data when visiting this website.
The opt-out cookie is only valid in that browser and only for our website and will be set on your device.
If you delete the cookies in that browser, you must set the opt-out cookie again.
We also use Google Analytics to analyze data from DoubleClick cookies and AdWords for statistical purposes.
Should you not wish that we do this, you can deactivate it through the Ads Preferences Manager.
Further information on our terms of use and data privacy can be found at  and at  .
Social bookmarks.
There are so-called social bookmarks (such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn, Youtube) built into our website.
"Social Bookmarks" are Internet bookmarks with which users of such service can collect links and news items.
These are incorporated in our website merely as a link to the respective services.
Only after clicking the embedded graphics will you be redirected to the website of the respective service provider, i.
e.
, only then will user information be transmitted to the respective service provider.
Information regarding the treatment of your personal data when using those websites with Social Bookmarks can be found in the following data privacy statements.
The use of the services as such outside the scope of our offer is exclusively governed by the data privacy statements of the respective service provider.
Facebook Social plug-ins.
This offer uses social plug-ins (“Plug-Ins”) of the social network, facebook.
com.
The Plug-Ins can be recognized by one of the Facebook logos (a white “f” on a blue tile, the term “Like”, or a “thumb-up” sign) or have the addition, “Facebook Social Plug-In”.
The list and look of the Facebook Social Plug-Ins can be inspected at developers.
facebook.
com/docs/plugins/.
If you call up a website of this offer which contains such a button, your browser will establish a direct connection to Facebook’s servers.
The content of the plug-in will be transmitted by Facebook directly to your browser and will be embedded in the website by it.
Therefore, we have no influence on the scope of the data collected by Facebook by means of that plug-in and, therefore, inform you in accordance with our state of knowledge.
.
By the inclusion of the plug-in, Facebook will receive the information that you have called up the respective page of our offer.
If you have logged in at Facebook, Facebook can associate the visit with your Facebook account.
If you interact with the Plug-Ins, for example, if you click the “Like” button or send a comment, the relevant information will be transmitted by your browser directly to Facebook and will be stored there.
If you are no Facebook member, it will still be possible that Facebook finds out, and stores, your IP address.
According to Facebook, only an anonymized IP address will be stored.
The purpose and scope of the data collection, the further processing and use of the data by Facebook, as well as your related rights and setting options to protect your privacy, are specified in the data privacy statement of Facebook at.
If you are a Facebook member and do not wish that Facebook collects data about you through this offer and links such data to your member data stored by Facebook, you must log out at Facebook before visiting the Internet presence.
Additional settings and objections to the use of data for advertising purposes are possible in the Facebook profile settings.
.
Twitter.
This offer uses the buttons of the service, Twitter.
Those buttons are offered by Twitter Inc.
, 795 Folsom St.
, Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA ("Twitter").
They can be recognised by terms like "Twitter" or "Follow", together with a stylized blue bird.
By using those buttons, you can share a contribution or site of this offer at Twitter or follow us at Twitter.
If you call up a website of that Internet presence which contains such button, your server will establish a direct connection to Twitter’s servers.
The content of the Twitter buttons will be transmitted by Twitter directly to your browser.
Therefore, we have no influence on the scope of the data collected by Twitter by means of that plug-in and will inform you in accordance with our state of knowledge, according to which only your IP address and the URL of the respective website will be transmitted when using the button and will not be used for any purpose other than the presentation of the button.
Additional information can be found in the data privacy statement of Twitter at .
Google reCAPTCHA.
Our website uses Google reCAPTCHA to check and prevent automated servers ("bots") from accessing and interacting with our website.
This is a service provided by Google Inc.
, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 (hereinafter.
Google).
This service allows Google to determine from which website your request has been sent and from which IP address the reCAPTCHA input box has been used.
In addition to your IP address, Google may collect other information necessary to provide and guarantee this service.
Google offers detailed information at  concerning the general handling of your user data.
LinkedIn.
This website uses plug-ins of the social network, "linkedin.
com", which is operated by LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("LinkedIn").
Those plug-ins are marked by a LinkedIn logo.
When you call up any of our websites which contains such a plug-in, your browser will establish a direct connection with the servers of LinkedIn.
We have no influence on the scope of the data collected by LinkedIn by means of the plug-in and will inform you in accordance with our state of knowledge.
By calling up the website which contains the plug-in, it will be transmitted to LinkedIn which of our web pages you have visited.
If you are logged in as a YouTube member when doing so, YouTube will associate that information with your personal user accounts with those platforms.
If you are logged in with LinkedIn at the same time, LinkedIn may associate that information with your LinkedIn account.
Please note that an exchange of that information will be made as early as upon calling up the website which contains the plug-in, regardless of whether or not you interact with the plug-in.
If you interact with the plug-in, for example, by clicking the "share" button, the related information will be transmitted directly to LinkedIn and will be stored there.
The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by LinkedIn, as well as your related rights and setting options regarding the protection of your privacy, can be found in the privacy notices of LinkedIn at .
To prevent the transmission and storage of data regarding yourself and your surfing behaviour by LinkedIn, you must log out at LinkedIn before visiting our websites and delete cookies (if any) from your browser.
YouTube Plugins (Videos).
If you call up a page of our Internet presence which contains a YouTube plug-in, a connection to the YouTube servers will be established, and the plug-in will be shown on the website by a notification to your browser.
Therefore, we have no influence on the scope of the data collected by YouTube by means of that button and will inform you in accordance with our state of knowledge.
By calling up the website which contains the plug-in, it will be transmitted to the YouTube server which of our web pages you have visited.
If you are logged in as a YouTube member when doing so, YouTube will associate that information with your personal user accounts with those platforms.
When using functions of the plug-in, for example, when clicking the start button of a video or sending a comment, that information will be associated, for example, with your YouTube user account.
this can only be prevented by you by logging out at YouTube before using the plug-in.
Information regarding the collection and use of the platforms or plug-ins can be found in the data privacy statement of YouTube at .
Use of cookies.
We use cookies and similar technologies (collectively, "Cookies") to identify preferences of users of our websites and to optimize the websites.
"Cookies" are small files placed on your terminal device.
They can be used to establish whether communications from your terminal device with our websites have already existed.
Thereby, we can match the contents of our websites with your needs in a targeted manner and so improve our offer to you.
Only the Cookie on your terminal device will be identified by us.
Personal data can be stored by Cookies if this is mandatory for technical reasons, for example, to enable a secure log-in.
Cookies are mandatory for the proper functioning of our websites.
Therefore, when you visit our website, we will ask you first whether you consent to the use and storage of Cookies on your terminal device.
In so doing, we will also inform you how you can disable Cookies or accept them again later.
If you opt against the use of Cookies, we will set a "do-not-track" Cookie, by which our web server will recognize that no additional Cookies may be set.
In that case, or if you set your browser such that it does not accept Cookies generally, this may result in functional limitations to our offer.
for example, services such as log-in areas or content filters cannot be provided.
Cookies can also be set by third parties such as the aforementioned social networks, which are integrated on our website as "social plug-ins".
We have no access to such third-party Cookies and are unable to influence their use.
Most browsers accept Cookies automatically.
You can delete any Cookies set on your terminal device at any time, or set your browser such that it does not accept Cookies generally.
this may result in the functional limitations to our offer.
Please consult the instructions in your browser, or by your terminal device manufacturer, for details as to how to do this.
Safety.
We have taken the necessary technical and organizational safety measures to protect your personal data from a loss and misuse.
For example, the data are stored in a safe operating environment which cannot be publicly accessed.
Should you wish to contact us by email, please note that the confidentiality of the transmitted information will not be warranted.
The contents of emails can be inspected by third parties.
Therefore, we recommend that you send any confidential information such as application documents to us exclusively by post or by using our careers portal.
Modifications of this Data Privacy Statement.
Statutory and/or organizational reasons may from time to time require modifications or adjustments of this Data Privacy Statement.
Please refer to the most current version of this Data Privacy Statement from time to time, to which you will automatically be directed by clicking the link displayed to you when Cookies are requested.
Any modifications will always apply to personal data collected in future.
The protection of the data collected and stored by us before the modification will not be affected thereby.
Your rights to information, correction and deletion.
Right of revocation.
Upon your request, we will be happy to inform you what data about you (e.
g.
, name or address) are stored by us.
We may only provide you with information about your own data.
Please understand that we may, in the other users’ interests, ask you for suitable proof of your identity.
While your request does not require a specific form, we advise you to use at least text form.
To do this, please use the email address .
Regardless of the option to disable or enable Cookies, you may at any time object to a future collection or use of your data, revoke any prior consents granted to us, cause your data to be deleted, or communicate corrections to us.
Your query, request for a deletion or correction, or your revocation, does not require a specific form.
To do this, please use the email address .
Share this article.
Products.
Software.
Solutions.
Services.
Company.
News.
Rittal Blog.
Enclosures.
Power distribution.
Climate control.
Rittal Automation Systems.
IT infrastructure.
System accessories.
Configurators and software.
Spare parts.
Industries.
Case studies.
Technologies and trends.
Legals.
Data privacy.
Cookies.
Contact.
2022 © Rittal North America LLC.
