Privacy policy.
Roam Robotics, Inc.
Effective Date.
June 1, 2021.
Roam Robotics, Inc.
(“Company,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of our users.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”), describes how we collect, use, and disclose information that we obtain about visitors to our websites,  and  (the “Sites”), our mobile applications (“Applications”) and the services available through our Sites and Applications (collectively, the “Services”).
Your use of our Services, and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this Policy and our Terms of Service, including its applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes.
The Information We Collect About You.
We collect information about you directly from you, from third parties, and automatically through your use of our Services.
Information We Collect Directly from You.
The information we collect from you depends on how you use our Services.
Information we collect may include.
When you establish an account with us, we may collect your name, e-mail address, and phone number.
When you establish an account with us, we may collect your name, e-mail address, and phone number.
When you submit an inquiry or otherwise contact us, we collect information such as your name, e-mail, phone number, company or organization, how you heard about us, and any other information you choose to provide to us.
When you submit an inquiry or otherwise contact us, we collect information such as your name, e-mail, phone number, company or organization, how you heard about us, and any other information you choose to provide to us.
If you choose to provide it to us while using the Services, we may also collect information such as your date of birth, gender, height and weight, types and locations of activities that you complete, sleep information, and information about your health and wellness, such as medications you have taken and occasions on which you have experienced pain.
If you choose to provide it to us while using the Services, we may also collect information such as your date of birth, gender, height and weight, types and locations of activities that you complete, sleep information, and information about your health and wellness, such as medications you have taken and occasions on which you have experienced pain.
When you allow us to do so, we may collect health related information from other applications on your devices.
When you allow us to do so, we may collect health related information from other applications on your devices.
We collect the information you provide us when you fill out a survey, questionnaire, or other type of form through the Services.
We collect the information you provide us when you fill out a survey, questionnaire, or other type of form through the Services.
When you subscribe to receive updates from us about new features available though the Services, we collect contact information from you, such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, or telephone number.
When you subscribe to receive updates from us about new features available though the Services, we collect contact information from you, such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, or telephone number.
While you are navigating or using the Services, we may also collect your search queries or information about your viewing history.
While you are navigating or using the Services, we may also collect your search queries or information about your viewing history.
We collect any information you choose to e-mail or communicate to us while using the Services.
We collect any information you choose to e-mail or communicate to us while using the Services.
Information We Collect Automatically.
We automatically collect information about your use of our Services through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we combine this information with other information we collect about you, including your personal information.
Please see the section Our Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms below for more information.
When you use our Services, we may collect your browser type and operating system, web pages you view, links you click, your IP address, device identifier, and geolocation information.
We may also collect information about the length of time you spent visiting our Sites and/or using our Services, and the referring URL, or the web pages that led you to our Sites.
Information We Collect from Third Parties.
When you use the Services, we may collect information, including personal information, about you from third-party sources, such as service providers, clinicians and health care providers, marketing partners, or other third parties.
Information we collect may be combined with other information we have collected about you in order to complete requests you have made or facilitate transactions you have initiated via the Services, or for other purposes, such as marketing or promotional purposes.
How We Use Your Information.
We use your information, including your personal information, for the following purposes.
To present our Sites, Applications, and their contents to you, or to provide you with access to the Services.
To present our Sites, Applications, and their contents to you, or to provide you with access to the Services.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, such as for billing and collection.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, such as for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Services, or any products or services we offer or provide though the Services.
To notify you about changes to our Services, or any products or services we offer or provide though the Services.
To communicate with you about your use of our Services, to respond to inquiries and complaints, and for other customer service purposes.
To communicate with you about your use of our Services, to respond to inquiries and complaints, and for other customer service purposes.
To tailor the content, information, and recommendations that we may send or display to you, to offer location customization, personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using the Services.
To tailor the content, information, and recommendations that we may send or display to you, to offer location customization, personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using the Services.
To contact you via e-mail or text messages regarding services you have requested from us.
To contact you via e-mail or text messages regarding services you have requested from us.
For marketing purposes, including.
to provide you with special offers, promotions, news, and newsletters.
to contact you about products we think may interest you, including products offered by our customers and affiliated entities.
to administer contests, promotions, and other offers.
and for other marketing, advertising, and promotional purposes.
For marketing purposes, including.
to provide you with special offers, promotions, news, and newsletters.
to contact you about products we think may interest you, including products offered by our customers and affiliated entities.
to administer contests, promotions, and other offers.
and for other marketing, advertising, and promotional purposes.
To better understand how users access and use our Services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, and for research and analytics purposes.
To better understand how users access and use our Services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, and for research and analytics purposes.
To administer surveys and questionnaires, such as for market research or user satisfaction purposes.
To administer surveys and questionnaires, such as for market research or user satisfaction purposes.
To comply with legal obligations, as part of our general business operations, and for other business administration purposes, such as maintaining customer records, monitoring your compliance with any of your agreements with us, collecting debts owed to us, and safeguarding our business interests.
To comply with legal obligations, as part of our general business operations, and for other business administration purposes, such as maintaining customer records, monitoring your compliance with any of your agreements with us, collecting debts owed to us, and safeguarding our business interests.
Where we believe necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, and in situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or violations of our Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy.
Where we believe necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, and in situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or violations of our Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide the information.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
For any other purpose with your consent.
How We Share Your Information.
We may share your information, including personal information, as follows.
Service Providers.
We may disclose the information we collect from you to service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf.
For example, we share your information with service providers who host our Sites and Applications, analyze aggregate information about our customers, assist us in detecting and deterring fraud, security incidents, or other unlawful activity, and for other business purposes as described in the How We Use Your Information section.
Subsidiaries and Affiliates.
We may disclose the information we collect from you to any current or future parent company, affiliate, subsidiary, or division.
Analytics Providers/Advertisers.
We share information with analytics providers and advertisers to assist us in implementing and evaluating relevant advertising.
Often, the information that we share is collected from you through cookies and other tracking technologies on our Sites and Applications.
See the section Our Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms for more information.
We also disclose information in the following circumstances.
Business Transfers.
If (i) we or our affiliates are or may be acquired by, merged with, or invested in by another company, or (ii) if any of our assets are or may be transferred to another company, whether as part of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or otherwise, we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the other company.
As part of the business transfer process, we may share certain of your personal information with lenders, auditors, and third-party advisors, including attorneys and consultants.
In Response to Legal Process.
We disclose your information to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena.
To Protect Us and Others.
We disclose your information when we believe it is appropriate to do so to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service or this Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Aggregate and De-Identified Information.
We may also use and share aggregate or de-identified information about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research, product development, product improvement, or other purposes.
Our Role as a Business Associate Under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”).
We occasionally act as a Business Associate to a Covered Entity (such as a health care provider) under HIPAA.
In such cases, we may use or disclose personal information on behalf of, or to provide services to, Covered Entities for purposes of fulfilling our service obligations to them, if such use or disclosure of personal information is permitted or required by the Business Associate agreement and is in compliance with HIPAA.
For example, we may use or disclose personal information for the following purposes.
to provide you with the Services.
for proper business, management, and administration purposes.
to de-identify data.
for data aggregation.
and to meet our legal obligations.
Our Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms.
We and our third-party service providers use cookies and other tracking mechanisms to track information about your use of our Services.
We may combine this information with other personal information we collect from you (and our third-party service providers may do so on our behalf).
Cookies.
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your device’s hard drive through your web browser for record-keeping purposes.
Some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to navigate our Services, while others are used to enable a faster log-in process or to allow us to track your activities on our Services.
There are two types of cookies.
session and persistent cookies.
Session Cookies.
Session cookies exist only during an online session.
They disappear from your device when you close your browser or turn off your device.
We use session cookies to allow our systems to uniquely identify you during a session or while you are logged into the Services.
This allows us to process your online transactions and requests and verify your identity, after you have logged in, as you move through our Sites.
Session Cookies.
Session cookies exist only during an online session.
They disappear from your device when you close your browser or turn off your device.
We use session cookies to allow our systems to uniquely identify you during a session or while you are logged into the Services.
This allows us to process your online transactions and requests and verify your identity, after you have logged in, as you move through our Sites.
Persistent Cookies.
Persistent cookies remain on your device after you have closed your browser or turned off your device.
We use persistent cookies to track aggregate and statistical information about user activity.
Persistent Cookies.
Persistent cookies remain on your device after you have closed your browser or turned off your device.
We use persistent cookies to track aggregate and statistical information about user activity.
Disabling Cookies.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future.
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Visitors to our Sites and Services who disable cookies will be able to browse certain areas of the Sites, but some features may not function.
Clear GIFs, Pixel Tags and Other Technologies.
Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies.
In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer’s hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web and app pages.
We may use clear GIFs (a.
k.
a.
web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags), in connection with our Services to, among other things, track the activities of visitors, help us manage content, and compile statistics about usage of our Services.
We and our third-party service providers may also use clear GIFs in HTML e-mails to our customers, to help us track e-mail response rates, identify when our e-mails are viewed, and track whether our e-mails are forwarded.
Third Party Analytics.
We use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate usage of our Sites.
We also may use other analytic means to evaluate our Sites.
We use these tools to help us improve the performance of our Sites and user experiences.
These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as web beacons or local storage objects (LSOs), to perform their services.
To learn more about Google’s privacy practices, please review the Google Privacy Policy at  You can also download the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on to prevent their data from being used by Google Analytics at .
Cross-Device Use.
We and our third party service providers, including Google, may use the information that we collect about you (whether directly from our Sites or Applications, through your device(s), or from a third party) to help us and our third party service providers identify other devices that you use (e.
g.
, a mobile phone, tablet, other computer, etc.
).
We and our third-party service providers also may use the cross-device use and other information we learn about you to serve targeted advertising on your devices and to send you e-mails.
To opt-out of cross-device advertising, you may follow the instructions set forth in the Third-Party Ad Networks section below.
Please note.
if you opt-out of these targeted advertising cookies, your opt-out may be specific to the web browser, app, or device from which you accessed the opt-out.
If you use multiple devices or web browsers, you may need to opt-out from each browser or device that you use.
Do-Not-Track Signals.
Please note that our Sites do not recognize or respond to any signal which your browser might transmit through the so-called “Do Not Track” feature your browser might have.
If you wish to disable cookies on our Sites, you should not rely on any “Do Not Track” feature your browser might have.
For more information about do-not-track signals, please click here.
Ad Networks.
We use network advertisers to serve advertisements on non-affiliated websites or other media (e.
g.
, social networking platforms).
This enables us and these network advertisers to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested.
Ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, pixels, LSOs and other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you.
These cookies and other technologies are governed by each entity’s specific privacy policy, not this one.
We may provide these advertisers with information, including personal information, about you.
Users may opt out of many ad networks.
For example, you may go to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Consumer Choice Page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising.
Please be advised that opting out of ad networks will opt you out from certain companies’ delivery of interest-based content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any advertising through our Sites or on other websites.
You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.
e.
, contextually based ads).
Additional information is available on the DAA’s websites at  and .
Third-Party Links.
Our Services may contain links to third-party websites.
Any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this Policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party websites.
We are not responsible for the information practices of such third-party websites.
Security of Your Personal Information.
We have implemented reasonable precautions to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
Please be aware that despite our efforts, no data security measures can guarantee security.
You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust, unique password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private.
We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
Access Your Personal Information.
You may modify or delete personal information that you have submitted through use of the Services by contacting us via the information provided in the Contact Us section below.
Your Choices Regarding Our Use of Your Personal Information.
We may send periodic promotional e-mails to you.
You may opt-out of promotional e-mails by following the opt-out instructions contained in the e-mail.
If you opt-out of receiving promotional e-mails, we may still send you e-mails about your account or any services you have requested or received from us.
Notice Regarding Children.
Our Services are not designed for children under thirteen (13).
If we discover that a child under thirteen (13) has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our systems.
Changes to this Policy.
This Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above.
We may change this Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically.
We will post any changes to this Policy on our Sites.
Contact Us.
If you have questions about the privacy aspects of our Services or would like to make a complaint, please contact us at.
Roam Robotics, Inc.
650 Alabama Street.
San Francisco, CA 94110.
Phone.
(415) 949-ROAM.
E-mail.
.
More to Explore.
BlogAscend CommunityAscend OA App Press.
Customer Service.
Contact 481-6400.
Resource Center.
Ascend Test DriveFAQsWhite PapersPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service.
611 Florida Street San Francisco, CA94110.
ASCEND SMART KNEE ORTHOSIS © 2021.
Sign up for updates.
