Gary.
Gary.
Developers.
Developers.
About.
About.
UR App.
UR App.
Specs.
Specs.
FAQ.
FAQ.
Business.
Business.
Careers.
Careers.
More.
More.
Privacy Policy.
Welcome to Unlimited Robotics.
We are so happy to have you as a potential customer, developer, partner, reseller, distributor or just a curious member in the robotic industry.
If you are here – that means that you are interested in the little details and that is great.
After all, most of our team is comprised from engineers who like to dive into details.
Please know that Unlimited Robotics is committed to respecting the privacy rights of all users, and the foregoing is the information about our privacy practices, including how we collect, use, share and store the information that we collect from you in connection with our services.
This Privacy Policy applies on any visitor, user, whether online or offline, of our website, products, and services, and to make it easier – we will refer to it as “you” or the “user”.
The Privacy Policy governs the use, accessibility or any other usage of Gary, Ra-Ya, the mobile UR App (all of these terms as defined in Capitalized letters in their relevant parts) or this website.
which we will refer to as the “Website”, and any or all the properties of Unlimited Robotics Ltd, an Israeli company number 51-628383-5 (and together with its affiliates, “Company” or “we“ or “Unlimited Robotics”).
You can contact us anytime.
with any concern or question.
As you probably noted – our robot’s name is Gary and our developers’ platform name is Ra-Ya.
Our mobile application (the “UR App”), and our proprietary hardware product and the related software, firmware, and documentation of Gary and Ra-Ya and the content, features, and services that we provide in connection with any and all of the foregoing, and all revisions, improvements, new releases, and updates provided by the Company to the foregoing shall be referred herein as the “Services“ or “Products”.
Now to some legal stuff.
This Privacy Policy, together with our Terms of Service available here (the “Terms of Service”), and Data Protection Policy (available here), constitute a binding agreement between you and the Company.
PLEASE READ THEM.
By accessing or using our Website, Products or Services (in whole or in part) in any way or manner, you agree to abide by, and be bound, by this Privacy Policy.
if you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you may not access or use the website, Products or Services, and we will not be able to stand behind our undertakings as followed thereafter.
Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning set forth elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
If any provision of this Privacy Policy conflicts with any other provision in the website (or other policies), the provision in this Privacy Policy shall govern.
Personal Information Defined"Personal Information" means information that identifies any individual or user (including without limitation, name, date of birth, address, telephone/mobile number, e-mail address, public online identifiers, or payment/billing information), and any other information that is required by applicable law to be treated as Personal Information (from here onwards – we will refer to this as “Personal Information”).
Personal Information does not include "aggregate” or “anonymized” information, which is data we collect (including without limitation, demographic or preference information) from which Personal Information has been removed.
If Unlimited Robotics combines this information with Personal Information, Unlimited Robotics will treat this information as Personal Information pursuant to this Policy.
Collection of Personal InformationWe may collect Personal Information about our users in several ways.
I - Active Collection.
We collect certain information from you when you provide it, such as if you.
Create a customer account.
Apply or register for a pre-order / waiting list, sale or service.
Subscribe to one of our newsletters or other promotional content.
Participate in any community forums or chat roomsMake a purchase through us.
Receive customer or technical support.
Participate in contests, events, or promotions.
andParticipate in polls, surveys, or questionnaires.
Typically, the Personal Information we may collect includes.
name.
email address.
telephone number.
company name.
work email address.
work telephone number.
shipping and billing address.
date of birth, and payment information for those applying or registering for a pre-order or purchasing products through the Services.
Additionally, we may also collect demographic information such as your age, gender, country and zip code of residence, other geo-locational information, and preferences.
This demographic information may be associated with your Personal Information.
If this demographic information is connected with Personal Information, we will treat the demographic information as Personal Information.
II - Passive Collection.
Furthermore, Unlimited Robotics may collect information regarding your behavior while using the Services to better adapt our products and Services to your interests and to provide a better quality of Services.
Unlimited Robotics may on its own, or with the help of third party analytics tools, collect information concerning your and other Users’ purchasing habits and use of our Services.
The information collected may contain the following, without limitation.
device unique identity, including mobile and robot.
tablet unique identifier or other device identifiers and settings.
internet provider, carrier, operating system.
hardware information.
localization information.
date and time spent on the Services.
metrics and statistics.
feature usage.
advertising conversion rates.
purchase history.
and other similar information.
Some of this information may not be Personal Information.
however, if Unlimited Robotics combines information that is not Personal Information with Personal Information, Unlimited Robotics will treat that information as Personal Information pursuant to this Policy.
See Section 3 below for more information.
Cookies and Other Similar TechnologiesUnlimited Robotics may use cookies on the Services.
A "cookie" is a small bit of record-keeping information that websites often store on a User's computer.
Cookies are typically used to quickly identify a User's computer and to "remember" things about the User's visit.
Unlimited Robotics may set cookies for your web browser as you visit our websites, use our Services or visit a website where Unlimited Robotics provides ads, content or analytics.
In addition to using our own cookies on the Services and our network of websites, Unlimited Robotics may allow certain partners to set and access their cookies on your computer.
For instance, we use Hubspot to track visitors to our website.
For more information, please visit  These companies’ use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not the Unlimited Robotics Policy.
Please review them carefully.
Interest-Based Advertising.
We may use third party ad serving technologies that collect information as a result of ad serving on the Services, and then temporarily display advertisements on the Services and/or third party sites.
For instance, we use Google Ads to serve ads based on your prior visits to our website or other websites.
You can read Google’s Privacy Policy at  You may opt-out of personalized advertising by Google by visiting  If you use Apple, we recommend that you will read Apple’s Privacy Policy (in this link.
apple.
com/legal/privacy) which describes how Apple collects, uses, and shares your personal data.
In addition to Apple’s Privacy Policy, they sometimes provide data and privacy information embedded in their products and certain features that ask to use your Personal Information.
As an Apple user, you may be given an opportunity to review this product-specific information before using these features.
You also can view this information at any time, either in your Apple’s device settings related to those features and/or online at apple.
com/legal/privacy.
The information collected and used for interest-based advertising may contain the following, without limitation.
age and gender, number of views of an advertisement, device (including mobile and robot) unique identity or other device identifiers and settings, information about your use of the products and Services and other Internet sites (including third party web pages and mobile Internet sites) viewed by you (as well as date and time viewed), advertisement(s) served, the advertisement’s location and length, and your response to the advertisement(s) (if any).
The analytics tools and ad serving technologies may use server log files, web beacons, cookies (as further described above), tracking pixels and other technologies to collect said information, and may combine the information collected through other Unlimited Robotics products and Services with information collected from other third party sites and mobile products and services and with demographic, advertisement, market and other analytics surveys.
Taken alone, some pieces of this information may not be Personal Information.
however, if we combine information that is not Personal Information with Personal Information to serve you such interest-based advertising, we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of such combination and treat this information as Personal Information pursuant to this Policy.
You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer, although this may affect your ability to shop online or to access certain features of our Services.
Each browser is different, so check the "help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
The Network Advertising Initiative also offers a means to opt-out of a number of advertising cookies.
Please visit  to learn more.
Note that opting-out does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising.
It does mean that the company or companies from which you opted-out will no longer deliver ads tailored to your preferences and usage patterns.
Use of Personal InformationWe do not require that website visitors reveal any Personal Information in order to gain general access to the majority of our Services.
However, if you prefer not to, or if you are not allowed by law to, disclose Personal Information, you will not be able to enjoy certain features of our Services.
We use Personal Information we collect through the Services for the following purposes.
To provide the Services, products or information you request and to process and complete any transactions in connection therewith.
To communicate with you and respond to your emails, submissions, questions, inquiries, comments, requests, and complaints and to provide customer service.
For instance, we may use your email address to send you service announcements or to inform you of changes in pricing, changes to the Services or our online service or customer support policies.
We may also use your mobile telephone number to send you via text message information or customer support you request.
To monitor and analyze the Services usage and trends and otherwise measure the effectiveness of the Services or request feedback from you about the Services.
To send you confirmations, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages, to detect and prevent fraud, and to otherwise facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of, the Services.
To conduct surveys, contests and sweepstakes.
Your participation in online events and promotions may be conditional upon UNLIMITED ROBOTICS’s collection, use, storage, transmission and public display of statistical data generated through your participation.
This statistical data may include your Personal Information.
To operate the Services, including, without limitation, payment processing and products delivery.
To personalize and improve the Services and Users' experiences, to increase the functionality and User friendliness of the Services, to deliver advertisements, newsletters, coupons, promotions, rewards, awards or other content, or features that match User profiles or interests on the Services, and to provide recommendations as to third party advertisements, content or features that may be of interest to Users on the Services.
To provide you with news and information about our third party events, activities, offers, promotions, products, and services we think will be of interest to you.
To contact you about your interest in our products or Services.
and/orFor any other purpose as described in this Policy or for which we notified you the information will be collected, used and shared and received your consent.
Sharing of Personal Information with Third PartiesWe may share Personal Information as follows.
With vendors, consultants, and/or other service providers ("Service Providers") who are engaged by or working with us in connection with the operation and/or promotion of the Services and who need access to such information to carry out their work.
With other Users of the Services on our forums or chat rooms.
With promotional partners to send you coupons, promotions, rewards, awards and advertisements that may be of interest to you.
We may share the Personal Information collected by us pursuant to this Policy with promotional partners to display customized content on our Services or third party sites that we think will be of interest to you.
In the event of purchase or sale of businesses.
From time to time, we may purchase a business or sell or transfer one or more of our businesses and your Personal Information may be transferred as a part of the purchase or sale/transfer.
If we purchase a business, the Personal Information received with that business would be treated in accordance with this Policy, if it is practicable and permissible to do so.
If we sell a business, whenever possible, we will include provisions in the sale agreement requiring the purchaser to treat your Personal Information in the same manner as required by this Policy.
The provisions of this paragraph will also apply if we are sold as part of bankruptcy proceedings.
andAs required by law and to protect the security and safety of Users.
We will disclose Personal Information when we believe in good faith that such disclosures (a) are required by law, including, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena, (b) will help to.
enforce this Policy or our Terms of Service.
or enforce contest, sweepstakes, or promotions rules, (c) will protect your safety or security, including the safety and security of property that belongs to you.
and/or, protect the safety and security Unlimited Robotics, or any third parties.
Unless required by law, Unlimited Robotics will not be required to notify you of any such disclosure.
To the extent that third parties have access to your Personal Information, whenever possible, we will request that they follow practices that are at least as restrictive as the practices described in this Policy.
Social Networks/Third Party AccountsBy accessing the Services through a social network or other third party platform or service, or by connecting to a third party account, network, platform or service via one of our products and/or Services, you are authorizing Unlimited Robotics to (1) collect, store, and use, in accordance with this Policy, any and all information that you agreed that the social network or other third party service could provide to Unlimited Robotics based on your settings on your relevant account, the third party social network or service and (2) share any and all of your Personal Information with the social network or other third party service, through the third party service’s Application Programming Interface (API).
Your agreement to this takes place when you connect with the third party network, platform or service via our products and/or services, and/or when you connect with, "accept" or "allow" (or similar terms) one of our applications through the third party platform or service.
Notice Regarding Public Posting AreasYou understand that when you use the Services, any information you share with individuals through our forums or chat rooms or our other Services or through social network sites or other social feeds, will be available to other Users and in some cases may be publicly available.
We recommend you be cautious about giving out Personal Information to others or sharing Personal Information in public or private online forums.
Except to the extent required by applicable law, we are not responsible for the actions of third party service providers or other third parties, nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to any third parties.
Therefore, we encourage you to become familiar with their privacy practices before disclosing information directly to any such third parties.
Third Party Links and Plug-InsThe Services may include links to websites of our promotional partners and third party payment processors or service providers, our affiliates or other entities that we own or control.
This Policy does not apply to those third-party websites and services and treatment of any Personal Information you provide to those is subject to the applicable third party’s individual privacy policy.
We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of these third party websites and services or of any other websites that are linked to or from the Services.
The Services may also contain third party plug-ins, such as social sharing tools.
The providers of these plug-ins may use automated means to collect information regarding your use of the Services and your interactions with the plug-ins.
The information that is collected via these plug-ins is subject to the privacy policies of the plug-in providers and is not subject to the Unlimited Robotics Privacy Policy.
We are not responsible for the privacy and security practices and policies of these third party plug-in providers.
User ChoicesYou have choices as to how we use the Personal Information you submit to us.
Promotional E-mails.
If you engage with us, Unlimited Robotics may send you promotional communications about its Services that you may be interested in.
If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails from Unlimited Robotics, please follow one of these two options.
(a) when you receive a promotional e-mail from us, it will contain a link or other instruction that allows you to stop the delivery of similar messages from us and/or (b) contact us at with your request.
If you decide to opt-out of receiving promotional e-mails, you will no longer receive special offers, valuable coupons, new product introductions or e-newsletters from Unlimited Robotics.
However, you will continue to receive non-promotional communications from us, such as order confirmations and/or important notifications about the Services and / or your account(s).
Your opt-out request will be processed within ten (10) days of the date of which we receive it.
Opt-Out of Custom Content.
We may work with trusted marketing partners to bring you more useful and interesting content on our Services and on third party sites and services.
We may do this by sharing or matching the Personal Information you have provided on the Services with the information (which may include Personal Information) you have provided to third party marketing partners.
If you do not want Unlimited Robotics to match your Personal Information with trusted partners to tailor ads or other custom content for you on our Services and/or third party sites, you can contact If you opt-out, Unlimited Robotics will no longer share your Personal Information with partners to tailor ads or other custom content.
Your opt-out request will be processed within thirty (30) days of the date of which we receive it.
Opting-out from the custom content will not change the behavior of third parties collecting information on the Services.
For more information as to how to opt-out of third party collection please contact Privacy NoticeThis California Privacy Notice applies solely to users of our Services who reside in the State of California.
We may collect or have collected the following categories of Personal Information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months.
Category of Personal InformationSource(s)How we use itHow we share itIdentifiers, such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiersDirectly from youIndirectly from youThrough third party sources, such as our customers who utilize our productsTo provide, monitor and improve our Services and for advertising purposesWe disclose this Personal Information for business purposes to our company affiliates and service providersPersonal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal.
Civ.
Code § 1798.
80(e)), such as name, signature, address, telephone number, education or employment informationDirectly from youThrough third party sources, such as our customers who utilize our productsTo provide, monitor and improve our ServicesWe disclose this Personal Information for business purposes to our company affiliates and service providersCommercial information, such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendenciesDirectly from youThrough third party sources, such as our customers who utilize our productsTo provide, monitor and improve our Services and for advertising purposesWe disclose this Personal Information for business purposes to our company affiliates and service providersBiometric information, such as biological characteristics or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as faceprintsDirectly from youThrough third party sources, such as our customers who utilize our productsTo provide, monitor and improve our ServicesWe disclose this Personal Information for business purposes to our company affiliates and service providersInternet or other similar network activity, such as browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application or advertisementIndirectly from youTo provide, monitor and improve our Services and for advertising purposesWe disclose this Personal Information for business purposes to our company affiliates and service providersGeolocation data, such as physical locationDirectly from youIndirectly from youThrough third party sources, such as our customers who utilize our productsTo provide, monitor and improve our Services and for advertising purposesWe disclose this Personal Information for business purposes to our company affiliates and service providersSensory data, such as audio, electronic, visual, or similar informationDirectly from youTo provide, monitor and improve our ServicesWe disclose this Personal Information for business purposes to our company affiliates and service providersNon-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.
S.
C.
§ 1232g, 34 C.
F.
R.
Part 99)), such as education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as class lists, student schedules, or student identification codes.
Directly from youTo provide, monitor and improve our ServicesWe disclose this Personal Information for business purposes to our company affiliates and service providersInferences drawn from other personal information, such as a profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, and behaviorIndirectly from youTo provide, monitor and improve our Services and for advertising purposesWe disclose this Personal Information for business purposes to our company affiliates and service providersFrom what we learned, California residents have the following rights.
Right to Know – You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past 12 months.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you the categories and specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you, as well as the categories of sources from which such information is collected, the purpose for collecting such information, the categories of third parties with whom we share such information, and information about our sale or disclosure for business purposes of your Personal Information to third parties.
Right to Delete – You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale – You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information to third parties.
Please note we do not “sell” your Personal Information, as that term is defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018.
Right to Non-Discrimination – You have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising any of these rights.
If you would like to exercise one or more of the above rights, please contact us by postal mail or by e-mail using the contact information below.
We may need you to provide additional information to verify your request, such as providing certain data elements so that we can confirm they match the Personal Information already maintained by us.
We will not use this additional information for anything other than handling your request.
You may designate an authorized agent to make a request in certain circumstances on your behalf.
Such authorized agent must be registered with the California Secretary of State.
We will endeavor to respond to all such requests within forty-five (45) days, although there may be a brief delay in processing a request while we verify that the request is valid and originates from you as opposed to an unauthorized third party.
If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
Additionally, California's “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.
83) permits users of our website that are California residents and who have an established business relationship with us to request, once a year, certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please send an email to and please put “Shine the Light” in the subject line.
Please note, at this time, we do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) settings in your browser.
If you have any questions or comments about this notice or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us by e-mail at.
Unlimited Robotics Ltd.
Attn.
Privacy Rights Administrator c/o Legal for ChildrenUnlimited Robotics does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13 years of age.
In the event we learn that we have collected Personal Information from children under 13 years of age, we will immediately delete such information.
SecurityThe security and confidentiality of your Personal Information is extremely important to us.
We use robust security measures to protect Personal Information from loss, misuse and alteration.
We use industry-standard practices such as encrypted communications, physically secured rooms, firewalls and password protection systems to safeguard the confidentiality of your Personal Information.
From time to time, we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods.
However, please understand that, despite our best efforts, no security measure is perfect or impenetrable.
We will notify Users of a data breach as required by applicable law.
To protect the confidentiality of Personal Information maintained in your account, you must keep your log-in information and password confidential and not disclose it to any other person.
You are responsible for all uses of the Services by any person using your log-in information and/or password.
Please advise us immediately if you believe your log-in and/or password has been misused.
DESPITE OUR EFFORTS TO KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE, NO COMPANY CAN GUARANTY THE SECURITY AND PRIVACY OF ITS SERVICES, INFORMATION AND OTHER DATA.
ACCORDINGLY, UNLIMITED ROBOTICS DISCLAIMS AND DOES NOT REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT IT WILL BE ABLE TO MAINTAIN YOUR PRIVACY OR THE SECURITY OF ITS DATA IN REGARD TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
OUR PRIVACY POLICIES AND PROCEDURES ARE "AS IS" AND UNLIMITED ROBOTICS MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS AS TO THE FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR MERCHANTABILITY OF ITS SERVICES.
Storage and Use PeriodUnless a different storage or use period is required by applicable laws and regulations, Unlimited Robotics will use and store your Personal Information for the length of time we think is necessary for the uses outlined in this Policy.
Accessing and Updating Your Personal InformationYou can access and update the contact information you have provided to us by logging in to your customer account through our customer management system, or contacting us at You may be required to provide additional information in order for us to verify your request.
Your request will be processed within thirty (30) days of the date on which we receive it.
International Data TransfersIf you choose to provide us with information, we may transfer that information to our affiliates and subsidiaries or to other third parties, across borders, and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
If you are visiting the Services from outside the United States, please note that your Personal Information is transferred to the United States and may be transferred to other jurisdictions.
The United States and these other jurisdictions may not have the same data protection laws as your country of residence.
If we are made aware that a consumer’s country of residence is outside of the United States, that consumer will be directed to the appropriate affiliated company.
You acknowledge you understand that by providing your personal information.
(i) your Personal Information will be used for the uses identified above in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
and (ii) your Personal Information will be transferred to the United States and other jurisdictions as indicated above.
Governing Law.
Dispute ResolutionThe governing law of this Policy is the laws of the states of Israel and the applicable court in Tel Aviv, Israel shall have exclusive rights of jurisdiction on any subject arise from this Policy.
Changes to this PolicyWe reserve the right to change the provisions of this Policy at any time.
We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the Policy the date it was last revised.
We encourage you to review this Policy from time to time to make sure that you understand how any Personal Information you provide will be used.
Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to this Policy will mean you accept those changes.
Contacting UsIf you have questions about our privacy practices or wish to send us comments about this Policy, please send an e-mail to be assured that any Personal Information that you provide in communications to the above email and postal mail addresses will not be used to send you promotional materials, unless you request such materials.
Last updated.
September 2021Copyright 2021 Unlimited Robotics Ltd.
All rights reserved.
(c) All Rights Reserved to Unlimited Robotics Ltd.
2021 | Terms | Privacy | Data Protection.
Product.
Explore.
Businesses.
Businesses.
Contact Us.
Gary.
Developers.
About.
UR App.
Specs.
FAQ.
Business.
Careers.
