Download.
Pricing.
Products RoboDKRoboDK for WebCalibrationTwinToolTwinTrack.
RoboDK.
RoboDK for Web.
Calibration.
TwinTool.
TwinTrack.
Company Success StoriesCustomersPartnersAbout.
Success Stories.
Customers.
Partners.
About.
Resources LibrarySupported RobotsTips and TricksDocumentationOffline ProgrammingRoboDK ForumRoboDK Blog  Search.
Library.
Supported Robots.
Tips and Tricks.
Documentation.
Offline Programming.
RoboDK Forum.
RoboDK Blog.
Search.
Contact Us.
EnglishFrançaisDeutsch中文한국어日本ItalianoEspañol.
PRIVACY POLICY.
RoboDK is committed to protecting your privacy anddeveloping technology that gives you the most powerful and safe onlineexperience.
This Statement of Privacy applies to the RoboDK Software Web siteand governs data collection and usage.
By using the RoboDK Software website,you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Purpose and Scope of the Policy.
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use anddisclose your personal information and how your personal information can beaccessed, rectified, and deleted when necessary.
This policy also explains howcookies are used on robodk.
com (the "Website").
This policy does not extend to websites operated by thirdparties.
Our Website and Service may contain content from third parties orlinks to other websites that are not controlled by us.
Furthermore, we do notcontrol privacy policies of such websites or third parties.
RoboDK is thereforenot liable for their privacy policies, procedures and practices.
Personal Information Collected.
RoboDK collects personally identifiable information, such asyour e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number.
RoboDKalso collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you,such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware andsoftware that is automatically collected by RoboDK.
This information caninclude.
your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times andreferring Web site addresses.
This information is used by RoboDK for theoperation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to providegeneral statistics regarding use of the RoboDK Website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personallyidentifiable information or personally sensitive data through RoboDK publicmessage boards, this information may be collected and used by others.
Note.
RoboDKdoes not read any of your private online communications.
RoboDK encourages you to review the privacy statements ofWeb sites you choose to link to from RoboDK so that you can understand howthose Websites collect, use and share your information.
RoboDK is notresponsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside ofthe RoboDK Software and RoboDK Website.
Use of your Personal Information.
RoboDK collects and uses your personal information tooperate the RoboDK Website and deliver the services you have requested.
RoboDKalso uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of otherproducts or services available from RoboDK and its affiliates.
RoboDK may alsocontact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of currentservices or of potential new services that may be offered.
RoboDK does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists tothird parties.
RoboDK may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of externalbusiness partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you.
In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name,address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
In addition,RoboDK may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statisticalanalysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrangefor deliveries.
All such third parties are prohibited from using your personalinformation except to provide these services to RoboDK, and they are requiredto maintain the confidentiality of your information.
RoboDK does not use or disclose sensitive personalinformation without your explicit consent.
RoboDK keeps track of the Websites and pages our customersvisit within RoboDK, in order to determine what RoboDK services are the mostpopular.
This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising withinRoboDK to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in asubject area.
RoboDK Websites will disclose your personal information,without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith beliefthat such action is necessary to.
(a) conform to the edicts of the law orcomply with legal process served on RoboDK or the site.
(b) protect and defendthe rights or property of RoboDK.
and, (c) act under exigent circumstances toprotect the personal safety of users of RoboDK, or the public.
Use of Cookies.
The RoboDK Website use "cookies" to help youpersonalize your online experience.
A cookie is a text file that is placed onyour hard disk by a Webpage server.
Cookies cannot be used to run programs ordeliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and canonly be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide aconvenience feature to save you time.
The purpose of a cookie is to tell theWeb server that you have returned to a specific page.
For example, if youpersonalize RoboDK pages, or register with RoboDK site or services, a cookiehelps RoboDK to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
Thissimplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billingaddresses, shipping addresses, and so on.
When you return to the same RoboDKWebsite, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you caneasily use the RoboDK features that you customized.
We sometimes embed content from some third parties such as social media plugin (e.
g.
"share" or "like" buttons), all of which may use cookies on their website.
However, the use of these cookies is not covered by this Privacy Policy and we have no access to or control over these cookies.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies.
Most Webbrowsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browsersetting to decline cookies if you prefer.
Even if you have accepted part or all of the cookies we use, you may withdraw your consent at any time.
If you choose to decline cookies, youmay not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the RoboDK servicesor Websites you visit.
Security.
We take reasonable precautions to protect the privacy, accuracy, and reliability of any information you provide to us and we use adequate technical and organizational safety measures in order to protect your information from loss, misuse, destruction, unauthorized access, copy or alteration.
RoboDK secures your personal information from unauthorizedaccess, use or disclosure.
RoboDK secures the personally identifiableinformation you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secureenvironment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Whenpersonal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to otherWebsites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the SecureSocket Layer (SSL) protocol.
However, while we endeavor to use security measures consistent with industry standards and reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your information, we cannot guarantee that information provided to us will not be intercepted and remain secure.
Therefore, you transmit any information to or from the Website and Service at your own risk.
Changes to this Statement.
RoboDK will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy toreflect company and customer feedback.
RoboDK encourages you to periodicallyreview this Statement to be informed of how RoboDK is protecting yourinformation.
Contact.
If you have any concern, question or complaint regardingthis Agreement, please contact RoboDK at .
About RoboDK.
Simulate any industrial robot with RoboDK.
Generate robot programs for any robot controller directly from your PC.
RoboDK is a powerful and cost-effective simulator for industrial robots and robot programming.
Copyright © 2022, RoboDK Inc.
All Rights Reserved.
Resources.
Quick Help.
Tips and Tricks.
Documentation.
Examples.
Subscribe.
Offline Programming.
Community.
RoboDK Blog.
RoboDK Forum.
Follow Us.
Company.
Contact Us.
Supported Robots.
Partners.
Customers.
Privacy | Terms of Use.
