Additional  Help Telephone Service Vacancies.
Help.
Telephone Service.
Vacancies.
Special Offers  All200 Mb/s x4 Faster InternetHappy WeekendRostelecom - Vega                                                                                            Up to 200 Mb/s and 185 channels                                                                                            Feel the difference.
Learn more.
All.
200 Mb/s x4 Faster Internet.
Happy Weekend.
Rostelecom - Vega.
Up to 200 Mb/s and 185 channels                                                                                            Feel the difference.
Learn more.
Up to 200 Mb/s and 185 channels.
Feel the difference.
For home  AllTrioDuoInternetSmart IP TVPhone                                                                                            Up to 200 Mb/s and 185 channels                                                                                            Feel the difference.
Learn more.
All.
Trio.
Duo.
Internet.
Smart IP TV.
Phone.
Up to 200 Mb/s and 185 channels                                                                                            Feel the difference.
Learn more.
Up to 200 Mb/s and 185 channels.
Feel the difference.
For business  Small businessLarge EnterprisesOperators.
Small business.
Large Enterprises.
Operators.
About us.
Payment.
Additional   Help Telephone Service Vacancies.
Help.
Telephone Service.
Vacancies.
1.
Principal conditions.
2.
Privacy policy.
3.
Terms of use.
4.
Conditions.
5.
Archive.
1.
Principal conditions.
2.
Privacy policy.
3.
Terms of use.
4.
Conditions.
5.
Archive.
PRIVACY POLICY.
Overview.
Welcome to Rostelecom ("Rostelecom," "we," "us" or "our").
Rostelecom offers Broadband internet, IP TV, Fixed telephone communication services (“Service/Services”), which are developed using innovative telecommunication technologies.
Our Privacy Policy applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service (each, a "User", “you”, “your”).
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which a collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from Users of the    website ("Site").
This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products, Services and any applications made available by Rostelecom.
This Privacy Policy affect your legal rights and obligations.
If you do not agree to be bound by all of the terms of this Privacy Policy, do not access or use the Service.
There may be times when we offer a special feature that has its own terms and conditions that apply in addition to this Privacy Policy.
In those cases, the terms specific to the special feature control to the extent there is a conflict with this Privacy Policy.
Personal identification information.
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our Site, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.
Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address.
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us.
Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information.
Rostelecom may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site.
Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies.
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience.
User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them.
User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information.
We may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes.
- To improve customer ServiceInformation you provide helps us respond to your customer Service requests and support needs more efficiently.
- To personalize User experienceWe may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the Services and resources provided on our Site.
How we protect Users’ information.
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing Users’ personal information.
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others.
We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and Users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Interaction with social networks.
For members located in certain countries, if you connect your Rostelecom IPTV account or TVRT.
AM account to Facebook or Odnoklassniki we will access information about you and your Facebook or Odnoklassniki friends on an on-going basis, unless you disconnect.
We will import, use, disclose and retain this information to, among other things, customize and improve the Rostelecom Service for you, your friends and others.
In addition, by connecting your Rostelecom IPTV account or TVRT.
AM account to Facebook or Odnoklassniki, we will automatically post your activity to Facebook or Odnoklassniki including what you published from devices.
At present, we offer you options of sharing information about the films, programs or channels you published by using the “like/don’t like” feature which is available on most devices.
Your friends and others who have access to view information about you on Facebook or Odnoklassniki will also be able to see (on Facebook or Odnoklassniki) that you're a Rostelecom member as well as what titles of films and programs you've published, and other information about your use of the Rostelecom Service.
You’ll also be able to see similar information about your Facebook or Odnoklassniki friends who are connected with Rostelecom.
Please note that Facebook and Odnoklassniki will import, use and retain this information.
See Facebook's and Odnoklassniki’s privacy policies for details, including how they treat information.
You can disconnect from sharing future information by visiting "Settings" menu of your IPTV app.
You may also control how certain information is shared in your Privacy Settings on Facebook or Odnoklassniki.
Please note that your privacy settings on Facebook or Odnoklassniki do not control information disclosure on Rostelecom.
As a result, if you choose to connect your Facebook or Odnoklassniki and Rostelecom accounts and enable sharing, then all of your Facebook or Odnoklassniki friends who are also connected will be able to see your Rostelecom activity when they use Rostelecom, unless you choose to hide a specific title.
We, Facebook and Odnoklassniki are continually making changes and improvements to this feature, and therefore the available features and information that are shared may change from time to time.
These changes may take place without notice to you and may not be described here or in the Terms of Use.
The protection of Intellectual property and Copy Rights.
We respect other people's rights, and expect you to do the same.
We provide you with tools to help you protect your intellectual property rights and Copy Rights.
If you repeatedly infringe other people's intellectual property rights or/and Copy Rights, we will disable your account when appropriate.
Children’s Privacy.
Rostelecom does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 18 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Service.
The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 18.
In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 18 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us.
Governing law & Jurisdiction.
By visiting Site you agree that all issues related to its use and visit this page are regulated by the laws of Republic of Armenia.
The emerged disputes are resolved by the commission consisting of two representatives from each Party.
In case of failure to come to an agreement the disputes are resolved in accordance with the procedure stipulated by the RA legislation.
Your acceptance of these terms.
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy.
If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site or application.
Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of Site, or your dealings with Site, please contact us at.
or +374 60 464646.
Changes to this Privacy policy.
Rostelecom has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time.
When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page.
We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.
You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your continued use of Rostelecom or the Service after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification.
Contacts.
Thank you.
Your application has been sent, our specialists will contact you shortly.
Thank you.
Հաղորդագրությունը հաջողությամբ ուղարկվեց.
Հաղորդագրությունը չի ուղարկվել.
Խնդրում ենք փորձել մի փոքր ուշ.
Site sections.
For home.
Special Offers.
Internet.
Duo.
Trio.
Phone.
Telephone Service.
Offices and Coverage.
For business.
Small business.
Large Enterprises.
Operators.
Help.
News.
Conditions.
Vacancies.
Other.
+ 374 60 46 46 46.
Service map.
Use ctrl + scroll to zoom the map.
Quality control.
© 2021.
All rights reserved.
