Home.
About Us.
Response to the Ukraine Conflict.
COVID-19 Statement.
Our Purpose, Vision & Values.
Our Communities.
Our Markets.
Our Brands.
Our History.
Rotork plc Board.
Rotork Management Board.
Company Certificates.
Terms and Conditions.
Privacy.
Products.
Media.
Investors.
ESG.
Careers.
Contact Us.
About Us                            Response to the Ukraine ConflictCOVID-19 StatementOur Purpose, Vision & ValuesOur CommunitiesOur MarketsOur BrandsOur HistoryRotork plc BoardRotork Management BoardCompany CertificatesTerms and ConditionsPrivacy.
Media                            Latest NewsPublished ArticlesCase StudiesWhite PapersRotalk MagazineVideo LibraryEvents.
Investors                            Our StrategyInvestment PropositionFinancial InformationModern Slavery StatementCorporate GovernanceShareholder Information.
ESG                            Our Sustainability StrategyOperating ResponsiblySustainable FutureSocial ImpactESG Reports and Policies.
Careers                            Why RotorkEmployee StoriesEarly CareersOpportunitiesDiversity and InclusionDisclaimer.
Contact Us                            Request a QuoteProduct / Technical EnquirySales & Service Locator.
Search.
中文                                 Dutch                                 Français                                 Deutsch                                 Italiano                                 日本語                                 한국어                                 Polski                                 Русский                                 Español.
Oil & Gas                                                                Oil & Gas                                                                                                    Upstream                                                                                                            Midstream                                                                                                            Downstream                                                                                                                Upstream                                                                                                                                    Applications - Upstream                                                                                                                                    Midstream                                                                                                                                    Applications - Midstream                                                                                                                                    Downstream                                                                                                                                    Applications - Downstream.
Oil & Gas.
Upstream.
Midstream.
Downstream.
Upstream.
Applications - Upstream.
Midstream.
Applications - Midstream.
Downstream.
Applications - Downstream.
Water & Power                                                                Water & Power                                                                                                    Water                                                                                                            Wastewater                                                                                                            Conventional Thermal Power                                                                                                            Nuclear Power                                                                                                            Renewable Power                                                                                                                Water                                                                                                                                    Applications - Water                                                                                                                                    Wastewater                                                                                                                                    Applications - Wastewater                                                                                                                                    Conventional Thermal Power                                                                                                                                    Applications - Thermal                                                                                                                                    Nuclear Power                                                                                                                                    Applications - Nuclear                                                                                                                                    Renewable Power                                                                                                                                    Applications - Renewable.
Water & Power.
Water.
Wastewater.
Conventional Thermal Power.
Nuclear Power.
Renewable Power.
Water.
Applications - Water.
Wastewater.
Applications - Wastewater.
Conventional Thermal Power.
Applications - Thermal.
Nuclear Power.
Applications - Nuclear.
Renewable Power.
Applications - Renewable.
Chemical, Process & Industrial                                                                Chemical, Process & Industrial                                                                                                    Chemical                                                                                                            Process                                                                                                            Industrial                                                                                                                Chemical                                                                                                                                    Industrial Gases - Hydrogen                                                                                                                                                    Applications - Chemical                                                                                                                                    Process                                                                                                                                    Applications - Process                                                                                                                                    Industrial                                                                                                                                    Applications - Industrial.
Chemical, Process & Industrial.
Chemical.
Process.
Industrial.
Chemical.
Industrial Gases - Hydrogen.
Applications - Chemical.
Process.
Applications - Process.
Industrial.
Applications - Industrial.
Products                                                                Products                                                                                                    Electric Actuators                                                                                                            Fluid Power Actuators                                                                                                            Process Control Actuators                                                                                                            Gearboxes & Valve Accessories                                                                                                            Instrumentation & Control                                                                                                            Pneumatic Valves & Manifolds                                                                                                            Control Networks                                                                                                            Discontinued Products                                                                                                                Electric Actuators                                                                                                                                    Product Selector                                                                                                                                                    Sizing Guide                                                                                                                                                    Wiring Diagram Selector                                                                                                                                                    Software Downloads                                                                                                                                                    IQ3 Range                                                                                                                                                    CK Range                                                                                                                                                    Q Range                                                                                                                                                    ROM Range                                                                                                                                                    ROMpak Range                                                                                                                                                    RCEL                                                                                                                                                    PAX Range                                                                                                                                                    Schischek HVAC Solutions                                                                                                                                                    Fire Protection                                                                                                                                                    Certification                                                                                                                                    Fluid Power Actuators                                                                                                                                    Product Selector                                                                                                                                                    GT Range                                                                                                                                                    GTS Range                                                                                                                                                    Remote Control Range                                                                                                                                                    K-TORK Range                                                                                                                                                    Type K Damper Drives                                                                                                                                                    CP Range                                                                                                                                                    GP/GH Range                                                                                                                                                    LP/LH Range                                                                                                                                                    RH Range                                                                                                                                                    GO Range                                                                                                                                                    ELB Line Break Detection System                                                                                                                                                    HPG Range                                                                                                                                                    Skilmatic Range                                                                                                                                                    ACS Range                                                                                                                                                    Subsea                                                                                                                                                    Masso Marine VRC Systems                                                                                                                                                    CQ Range                                                                                                                                                    manPOWER Range                                                                                                                                                    HPU Power Unit                                                                                                                                    Process Control Actuators                                                                                                                                    Product Selector                                                                                                                                                    CMA Range                                                                                                                                                    CVA Range                                                                                                                                                    LA Series                                                                                                                                                    SM-1700/SM-5000 Series                                                                                                                                                    SM-6000                                                                                                                                    Gearboxes & Valve Accessories                                                                                                                                    Product Selector                                                                                                                                                    Sizing Guide                                                                                                                                                    Multi-turn Gearboxes                                                                                                                                                    Quarter-turn Gearboxes                                                                                                                                                    SPI Smart Position Indicator                                                                                                                                                    Direct Mount Chainwheel                                                                                                                                                    Valve Accessories                                                                                                                                                    Roto Hammer Industries                                                                                                                                                    Mastergear Products                                                                                                                                    Instrumentation & Control                                                                                                                                    Instrument Valves                                                                                                                                                    Controllers                                                                                                                                                    Local Hand Station                                                                                                                                                    Measurement                                                                                                                                    Pneumatic Valves & Manifolds                                                                                                                                    Air Preparation                                                                                                                                                    Poppet Valves                                                                                                                                                    Spool Valves                                                                                                                                                    Ancillaries                                                                                                                                                    Direct Acting Solenoid Valves                                                                                                                                                    Slide Valve                                                                                                                                                    Impact Pneumatic Manifolds                                                                                                                                    Control Networks                                                                                                                                    Master Station                                                                                                                                                    Foundation Fieldbus                                                                                                                                                    Modbus                                                                                                                                                    Profibus                                                                                                                                                    DeviceNet                                                                                                                                                    HART                                                                                                                                                    Ethernet                                                                                                                                    Discontinued Products.
Products.
Electric Actuators.
Fluid Power Actuators.
Process Control Actuators.
Gearboxes & Valve Accessories.
Instrumentation & Control.
Pneumatic Valves & Manifolds.
Control Networks.
Discontinued Products.
Electric Actuators.
Product Selector.
Sizing Guide.
Wiring Diagram Selector.
Software Downloads.
IQ3 Range.
CK Range.
Q Range.
ROM Range.
ROMpak Range.
RCEL.
PAX Range.
Schischek HVAC Solutions.
Fire Protection.
Certification.
Fluid Power Actuators.
Product Selector.
GT Range.
GTS Range.
Remote Control Range.
K-TORK Range.
Type K Damper Drives.
CP Range.
GP/GH Range.
LP/LH Range.
RH Range.
GO Range.
ELB Line Break Detection System.
HPG Range.
Skilmatic Range.
ACS Range.
Subsea.
Masso Marine VRC Systems.
CQ Range.
manPOWER Range.
HPU Power Unit.
Process Control Actuators.
Product Selector.
CMA Range.
CVA Range.
LA Series.
SM-1700/SM-5000 Series.
SM-6000.
Gearboxes & Valve Accessories.
Product Selector.
Sizing Guide.
Multi-turn Gearboxes.
Quarter-turn Gearboxes.
SPI Smart Position Indicator.
Direct Mount Chainwheel.
Valve Accessories.
Roto Hammer Industries.
Mastergear Products.
Instrumentation & Control.
Instrument Valves.
Controllers.
Local Hand Station.
Measurement.
Pneumatic Valves & Manifolds.
Air Preparation.
Poppet Valves.
Spool Valves.
Ancillaries.
Direct Acting Solenoid Valves.
Slide Valve.
Impact Pneumatic Manifolds.
Control Networks.
Master Station.
Foundation Fieldbus.
Modbus.
Profibus.
DeviceNet.
HART.
Ethernet.
Discontinued Products.
Services & Support                                                                Services & Support                                                                                                    Support                                                                                                            Site Services                                                                                                            Spares                                                                                                            Lifetime Management                                                                                                            Intelligent Asset Management                                                                                                            Asset Registration                                                                                                            Customer Training                                                                                                                Support                                                                                                                                    Sizing Guide                                                                                                                                                    Wiring Diagram Selector                                                                                                                                                    Product Selector                                                                                                                                                    Document Search                                                                                                                                                    Downloads                                                                                                                                                    FAQs                                                                                                                                                    Glossary                                                                                                                                    Site Services                                                                                                                                    Actuator Workshop Overhaul                                                                                                                                                    Field Support                                                                                                                                                    Planned Shutdown Support                                                                                                                                                    Valve Automation Services - On-site                                                                                                                                                    Valve Automation Services - Off-site                                                                                                                                                    Global Service and Support                                                                                                                                    Spares                                                                                                                    Lifetime Management                                                                                                                                    Reliability Services                                                                                                                                                    Upgrade Services                                                                                                                                                    Planned Shutdown Support                                                                                                                                                    Life Cycle Services                                                                                                                                                    Overhauls/Refurbishment                                                                                                                                                    Customised Spares Programme                                                                                                                                                    Consultancy                                                                                                                                                    Advanced Analytics                                                                                                                                    Intelligent Asset Management                                                                                                                    Asset Registration                                                                                                                    Customer Training.
Services & Support.
Support.
Site Services.
Spares.
Lifetime Management.
Intelligent Asset Management.
Asset Registration.
Customer Training.
Support.
Sizing Guide.
Wiring Diagram Selector.
Product Selector.
Document Search.
Downloads.
FAQs.
Glossary.
Site Services.
Actuator Workshop Overhaul.
Field Support.
Planned Shutdown Support.
Valve Automation Services - On-site.
Valve Automation Services - Off-site.
Global Service and Support.
Spares.
Lifetime Management.
Reliability Services.
Upgrade Services.
Planned Shutdown Support.
Life Cycle Services.
Overhauls/Refurbishment.
Customised Spares Programme.
Consultancy.
Advanced Analytics.
Intelligent Asset Management.
Asset Registration.
Customer Training.
About Us.
Response to the Ukraine Conflict.
COVID-19 Statement.
Our Purpose, Vision & Values.
Our Communities.
Our Markets.
Our Brands.
Our History.
Rotork plc Board.
Rotork Management Board.
Company Certificates.
Terms and Conditions.
Privacy.
Privacy.
1.
Introduction.
This Website Privacy and Cookie Policy explains how we use the personal information we collect about you, via our website  (the "Website").
This Policy was last updated on 21 May 2018.
We may amend this Policy from time to time.
This Website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect personal information relating to children.
2.
Who we are.
We are Rotork plc, a public listed company registered in England and Wales (registration number.
00578327) whose registered office is at Rotork House, Brassmill Lane, Bath BA1 3JQ.
Rotork plc is a member of a group of companies with various trading divisions including Rotork Controls.
Rotork Fluid Systems.
Rotork Gears.
and Rotork Instruments the ("Rotork Group").
If you would like a complete, up-to-date list of Rotork Group companies that may process your personal information please contact us using the contact details listed in section 3.
3.
How to contact us.
If you have any questions about how we use your personal information, or if you have any other privacy-related questions, please contact us by any of the following means.
e-mail us at .
or.
write to us at Rotork House, Brassmill Lane, Bath BA1 3JQ.
4.
The personal information we collect about you.
Personal information you provide to us.
We collect personal information which you provide to us when you access and browse our Website (including when you submit personal information through data entry fields on the Website) and when you obtain products or services, or otherwise interact with us.
For example, we may collect the following information from you.
your title.
your name.
your position.
your company.
your postal address.
your phone, fax and e-mail details.
other personal information you provide to us as part of a query.
For example, information about the sector in which you work, or images you provide to us when you submit a query.
other personal information you provide to us as part of a job application such as a CV.
and.
information we collect from you when you purchase products or services from us.
For example, the type of product you purchased from us.
Personal information we collect automatically.
When you use our Website, we also collect the following information about you automatically.
information about other websites you have visited (for example, the address of a referring website you may have accessed before ours).
information about how you use our Website (for example, how long you spend using it, how often you use it, when you last used it, and the content you access, such as our publications and white papers).
and.
technical and device-specific information, such as your IP address, information about the hardware you are using, your operating system, or your unique device identifier.
5.
We collect personal information using cookies.
We collect certain personal information automatically through the use of "cookies.
" A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we put on your computer if you agree.
These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of our Website, which helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Website and also allows us to improve our Website.
We use various types of cookies, including session cookies which improve your internet browsing experience (for example, by helping to load web pages more quickly) and analytical cookies.
We use analytical cookies to enable us to recognise and count the number of visitors to our Website and to see how visitors move around our Website.
This helps us to improve the way our Website works, for example by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Read more about the individual analytical cookies we use and how to recognise them below.
If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
For further information about cookies, including how to refuse cookies, please visit .
Ist Party Cookies (i.
e.
Rotork Cookies).
PHPSESSID.
laravel_session.
Unique identifiers for each browser session.
If you are logged in, these cookie remember your log-in details and present the correct information.
Unique identifier for each browser session for Sizing Guide only.
This cookie remembers your log-in details and presents the correct information.
cookieFooter.
acceptCookies.
These cookies are used in conjunction with the Cookie statement that appears at the bottom of the screen.
_RequestVerificationToken.
AADNonce.
forms.
ai_session.
DcLcid.
FormsWebSessionid.
MicrosoftApplicationsTelemetryDeviceid.
MSFPC.
MUID.
usenewauthrollout.
These cookies are used in conjunction with the customer asset registration and service feedback questionnaire forms.
3rd Party Cookies.
_gat_UA-376290-1.
_gid.
_ga.
We use Google Analytics to gather Website statistics.
It provides useful information, such as which areas of our Website are the most popular.
Opt out of Google Analytics.
_GRECAPTCHA.
We use reCAPTCHA to secure/validate our contact/enquiry forms.
ASP.
NET_SessionId.
ASPXROLES.
ASPXFORMSAUTH.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE.
YSC.
CONSENT.
6.
How we use your information.
We may use your personal information in the following ways.
to make our Website available to you and to provide you with content which is tailored to your individual tastes.
to provide you with services that you request.
where you have given us your consent, we may disclose your personal information to our partners so that they may contact you (including by SMS and e-mail) with products and services which they think may interest you.
to provide you with news feeds or newsletters to which you have subscribed.
where you have given us your consent, we may send you information about our business, our publications or other products and services which we think you may be interested in.
If we contact you, we will give you the option to opt out of receiving further similar communications if you wish.
to process requests, queries, questions, or complaints you may have, and to provide customer service.
For example, requests to use images in our image library, queries about our products, or requests for quotes.
if you create an account, we will use your account details (such as your email address and password) to administer your account.
if you submit an application for a job vacancy, we will use your information to consider and process your application.
if you undertake any eLearning using our Customer Portal we will use your personal information to provide the training and to keep a record of the training you have undertaken.
to notify you about important changes to our Website, including this Policy.
to enforce, or apply this Policy, as well as our other policies, agreements or terms and conditions.
Copies of our terms and conditions may be found here.
.
to investigate and protect our users or customers from fraudulent, abusive or inappropriate, use of the Website or other unlawful activity.
and/or.
for other purposes which are explained to you at the time we collect your personal information.
We will not sell or rent your personal information to any third party unless you have consented to this.
If you do consent but later change your mind, you may contact us by emailing and we will cease any such activity.
7.
With whom do we share your personal information.
We may share your personal information with the following parties.
With whom do we share your personal information.
Why do we share it.
Our marketing and sales partners.
We may share your personal information with our marketing and sales partners, who help us manage our advertising, and enable us to send you information about products and services you may be interested in.
These partners help us to manage our customer information and personalise emails.
Third party service providers.
We may share your personal information with a range of third party service providers who help us with our business.
For example IT service providers, subcontractors, and professional services providers.
Third parties requiring information for legal reasons.
We may share your personal information with others if the law requires us to, or if we think it is necessary to comply with the law.
We may also share your personal information if we need to do so to protect or defend our legal rights, or those of others.
Third party investigators, authorities or law enforcement bodies.
We may share your personal information to investigate suspected unlawful activity.
Potential buyers or investors.
If we ever wish to sell our business, we may need to share your personal information with a potential buyer or an investor.
Members of the Rotork Group.
We may share your personal information with members of the Rotork Group where required for business operational reasons, or so that they can send you information about products and services you may be interested in.
8.
What is our legal basis for using your personal information.
If you are obtaining our products or services from within the European Economic Area ("EEA"), then we are required to ensure that we only process your personal information where we have a legal basis to do so.
When we process your personal information we will only do so where at least one of the following applies.
we need to use your personal information to perform our responsibilities under our contract with you.
if it is in our legitimate interests to use your personal information.
For example, it is in our legitimate interests to use your personal information to improve our Website, to tell you about changes to this Policy, to tell you about new services or products we are offering, and for business reasons (for example to develop our business or if we are thinking of selling our business).
or.
sometimes we may ask for your consent to use certain types of personal information (e.
g.
by asking you to tick an online box).
In these circumstances, your consent will be our legal basis for processing your personal information.
If you have provided consent, you may withdraw it at any time.
You may do this by "opting out" where we give you the opportunity to do so, or by contacting via email at .
9.
How long do we keep your personal information.
If you have registered an account with us, we will normally only keep your personal information for as long as your account is active.
When you close your account with us, we will normally delete your personal information.
Sometimes, however, we may keep your personal information after you have closed your account.
For example.
we may retain personal information about how you have used our Website for as long as we think it may be useful to us in order to improve the Website and develop our business.
This may include for example, information about how you have used our Website.
we may also retain your personal information after you have closed your account so that we can send you information about products, services and publications we think you may be interested in.
You can "unsubscribe" to receiving such messages or tell us you are no longer interested.
we may retain your personal information in order to protect our legal rights, or those of third party, or to comply with the law.
or.
if you purchase products or services from us, we may retain your personal information for as long as we need to in order to provide you with after sales customers service, or for as long as we need to for compliance purposes in order to comply with our record keeping requirements.
10.
We may transfer your personal information outside the EEA.
We may transfer personal information that we collect from you to third party data processors or other members of the Rotork Group located in countries that are outside of the EEA in connection with the above purposes.
If we transfer your personal information outside the EEA we will only do so where one of the following applies.
there is an adequacy decision by the European Commission which means that the recipient country is deemed to provide adequate protection for such personal data.
where the transfer of personal information is to a member of the Rotork Group, and we have in place binding corporate rules with such member which safeguard the personal information.
where we have in place standard model contractual clauses with the recipient which have been approved by the European Commission.
These model contractual clauses include certain safeguards to protect the personal information.
in the case of transfers of personal information to the US, if the recipient has signed up to the US Privacy Shield Framework.
or.
if such transfer is needed to enable us to perform our contractual obligations to you relating to products or services we have agreed to provide to you.
We will only do this where such transfers are occasional and necessary.
11.
Security.
We take data privacy seriously and we only use your personal information where we have a lawful basis for doing so, and only to the extent that we need to use it.
Whilst we take appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard your personal information, no transmission over the internet can ever be guaranteed secure.
You should always think carefully before providing or sharing information which you wish to keep private or confidential.
12.
What choices and rights do you have regarding the use of your personal information.
You may "opt out" of receiving marketing or promotional messages from us by following the instructions in those messages.
You may also opt out of such marketing by getting in touch by emailing us on If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your account or our on-going business relations.
If you are based in the EEA or United Kingdom and accessing our Website, you also have the following rights.
to have access to any personal information we hold about you.
to ask us not to use your personal information for direct-marketing purposes.
to restrict the way that we process your personal information.
to ask us to provide your personal information to a third party provider of services.
and.
to have a copy of any personal information which we hold about you.
If you need help or wish to exercise any of the above rights or have questions about them, please contact us using the details in section 3.
We will consider all such requests and provide our response as soon as we can.
Please note, however, that personal information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, which may include circumstances where we need to keep processing your personal information for our legitimate interests or to comply with a legal obligation.
We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity.
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights, please contact us via the contact details set out in section 3.
13.
Third party sites.
This Website may contain links to other websites operated by third parties.
Please note that we cannot be responsible for personal information that third parties may collect, store and use through their websites.
You should always read the policy of each website you visit carefully.
14.
Complaints and queries.
If you have any complaints, queries or questions about how we use your personal information, you may contact us using the contact details set out in section 3.
We will then get in touch with you to see how we can help.
If you have a complaint about how we use your personal information, we would always prefer you to contact us first.
However, you may also make a complaint to the relevant data privacy regulator if you wish to do so.
Please let us know if you are unsure about how to get in touch with the data privacy regulator.
Products & Services.
Electric Actuators.
Pneumatic & Hydraulic Actuators.
Process Control Actuators.
Gearboxes & Accessories.
Instrumentation & Control.
Pneumatic Valves & Manifolds.
Services & Support.
Control Networks.
Site Functions.
Sitemap.
Privacy.
Terms & Conditions.
Customer Portal.
Modern Slavery Statement.
Enquiries.
Request A Quote.
Product / Technical Enquiry.
Sales & Service Locator.
