Products			DRAM											Overview																					DDR																					HBM																					GDDR																					LPDDR																					Module										SSD											Overview																					PC SSD																					Datacenter SSD																					Enterprise  SSD																					Z-SSD										eStorage											Overview																					UFS																					eMMC										MCPConsumer Storage											Overview																					Internal SSD																					Portable SSD																					Memory Card																					USB Flash Drive																					Support										Processor											Overview																					Mobile Processor																					Automotive Processor																					Wearable Processor																					Modem																					RF										Image Sensor											Overview																					Mobile Image Sensor																					Automotive Image Sensor																					Experience										Display IC											Overview																					Mobile DDI																					Panel DDI										Security Solution											Overview																					Payment																					Biometric Card																					NFC																					eSE/eSIM																					IoT SE										Power IC											Overview																					Mobile Power IC																					Accessory Power IC										LEDDisplay.
DRAM											Overview																					DDR																					HBM																					GDDR																					LPDDR																					Module.
Overview.
DDR.
HBM.
GDDR.
LPDDR.
Module.
SSD											Overview																					PC SSD																					Datacenter SSD																					Enterprise  SSD																					Z-SSD.
Overview.
PC SSD.
Datacenter SSD.
Enterprise  SSD.
Z-SSD.
eStorage											Overview																					UFS																					eMMC.
Overview.
UFS.
eMMC.
MCP.
Consumer Storage											Overview																					Internal SSD																					Portable SSD																					Memory Card																					USB Flash Drive																					Support.
Overview.
Internal SSD.
Portable SSD.
Memory Card.
USB Flash Drive.
Support.
Processor											Overview																					Mobile Processor																					Automotive Processor																					Wearable Processor																					Modem																					RF.
Overview.
Mobile Processor.
Automotive Processor.
Wearable Processor.
Modem.
RF.
Image Sensor											Overview																					Mobile Image Sensor																					Automotive Image Sensor																					Experience.
Overview.
Mobile Image Sensor.
Automotive Image Sensor.
Experience.
Display IC											Overview																					Mobile DDI																					Panel DDI.
Overview.
Mobile DDI.
Panel DDI.
Security Solution											Overview																					Payment																					Biometric Card																					NFC																					eSE/eSIM																					IoT SE.
Overview.
Payment.
Biometric Card.
NFC.
eSE/eSIM.
IoT SE.
Power IC											Overview																					Mobile Power IC																					Accessory Power IC.
Overview.
Mobile Power IC.
Accessory Power IC.
LED.
Display.
Foundry			FoundryA full suite of foundryLearn moreOverviewProcess Technology											Overview																					Advanced Node																						Advanced Package											Advanced PackageSAFE™											Overview																					IP																					EDA																					Cloud																					Design Service										Manufacturing											Overview																					MPW Service										Application Specific Service											Overview																					HPC / AI																					Connectivity																					Automotive																					IoT.
Overview.
Process Technology											Overview																					Advanced Node																						Advanced Package.
Overview.
Advanced Node.
Advanced Package.
Advanced Package.
SAFE™											Overview																					IP																					EDA																					Cloud																					Design Service.
Overview.
IP.
EDA.
Cloud.
Design Service.
Manufacturing											Overview																					MPW Service.
Overview.
MPW Service.
Application Specific Service											Overview																					HPC / AI																					Connectivity																					Automotive																					IoT.
Overview.
HPC / AI.
Connectivity.
Automotive.
IoT.
Insights			Topic											5G																					AI																					Big Data										Application											Overview																					Smartphone																					Wearables																					Server & Network																					PC																					TV & Gaming																					Automotive										Technology											PIM																					EUV.
Topic											5G																					AI																					Big Data.
5G.
AI.
Big Data.
Application											Overview																					Smartphone																					Wearables																					Server & Network																					PC																					TV & Gaming																					Automotive.
Overview.
Smartphone.
Wearables.
Server & Network.
PC.
TV & Gaming.
Automotive.
Technology											PIM																					EUV.
PIM.
EUV.
Support			Quality Support											Quality Management																					Customer Service																					Regulatory Information																					Product Security Update										Tools & Resources											Product  Finder																					Technical Resources																					TCO Calculator																					Open MPDK																					Fabrication Process																					Dictionary										Consumer Storage Support											Overview																					Tools & Software																					Documents																					FAQs																					Warranty										Contact Info											Global Network.
Quality Support											Quality Management																					Customer Service																					Regulatory Information																					Product Security Update.
Quality Management.
Customer Service.
Regulatory Information.
Product Security Update.
Tools & Resources											Product  Finder																					Technical Resources																					TCO Calculator																					Open MPDK																					Fabrication Process																					Dictionary.
Product  Finder.
Technical Resources.
TCO Calculator.
Open MPDK.
Fabrication Process.
Dictionary.
Consumer Storage Support											Overview																					Tools & Software																					Documents																					FAQs																					Warranty.
Overview.
Tools & Software.
Documents.
FAQs.
Warranty.
Contact Info											Global Network.
Global Network.
Sustainability			SustainabilitySustainability for allLearn moreOverviewEnvironment											Overview																					SEPI																					Green Chips																					Climate Action																					Reduce & Reuse																					Preserving Nature										Labor &  Human Right											Overview																					Labor Policy																					Diversity & Inclusion																					Safety First																					Staying Healthy										Corporate Citizenship											Overview																					Talent Donation																					Community Engagement																					Sustainable Communities										Sustainable  Supply Chain											Overview																					Partner Collaboration																					Environmentally Responsible  Supply Chain																					Responsible Supply Chain.
Overview.
Environment											Overview																					SEPI																					Green Chips																					Climate Action																					Reduce & Reuse																					Preserving Nature.
Overview.
SEPI.
Green Chips.
Climate Action.
Reduce & Reuse.
Preserving Nature.
Labor &  Human Right											Overview																					Labor Policy																					Diversity & Inclusion																					Safety First																					Staying Healthy.
Overview.
Labor Policy.
Diversity & Inclusion.
Safety First.
Staying Healthy.
Corporate Citizenship											Overview																					Talent Donation																					Community Engagement																					Sustainable Communities.
Overview.
Talent Donation.
Community Engagement.
Sustainable Communities.
Sustainable  Supply Chain											Overview																					Partner Collaboration																					Environmentally Responsible  Supply Chain																					Responsible Supply Chain.
Overview.
Partner Collaboration.
Environmentally Responsible  Supply Chain.
Responsible Supply Chain.
Newsroom			NewsEventTech Blog.
News.
Event.
Tech Blog.
Careers			CareersCareers overviewLearn moreOverviewJob OpportunitiesStudentsSearch Jobs.
Overview.
Job Opportunities.
Students.
Search Jobs.
Global / English.
US / English.
EMEA / English.
한국 / 한국어.
中国 / 中文.
日本 / 日本語.
What are you looking for.
Privacy.
Samsung global privacy policy highlights.
ScopeThis Privacy Policy applies to any Samsung device, website, or online application that refers to or links to the Policy (collectively, our “Services”).
This Privacy Policy applies regardless of whether you use a computer, mobile phone, tablet, or TV to access our services.
Scope.
Information we collect                We collect various types of information in connection with the Services, including.
• Information you provide directly to us.
• Information we collect about your use of our services.
and                • Information we obtain from third-party sources.
We may also seek your consent to collect information not described in the Privacy Policy.
Information we collect.
Use and sharing of information                We use the information we collect to, among other things.
• Provide the services you request.
• Understand the way you use the services so that we can improve your experience.
• Provide customised content and advertising.
and                • Otherwise with your consent.
We may share your information with.
• Affiliates – the companies related to Samsung Electronics Co.
, Ltd.
by common ownership or control.
• Business partners – trusted companies that may provide information about products and services you might like.
• Service providers – companies that provide services for or on behalf of Samsung.
• Law enforcement – when we are required to do so or to protect Samsung and its users.
Use and sharing of information.
How to contact usSamsung Electronics Co.
, Ltd.
129 Samsung-Ro, Maetan-3dong, Yeongtong-gu, Suwon-si, Gyeonggi-do, Korea                Email.
Please contact customer service department at                 .
How to contact us.
Samsung global privacy policy.
Effective Date.
February 24, 2021.
This Privacy Statement (“Statement”) describes the personal data that Samsung Semiconductor, Inc.
(“SSI”) collects, how we use it, and when we share it as we interact with you, deliver our services, and conduct our business operations.
This Statement applies regardless of whether you use a computer, mobile phone, or tablet to access our services.
This Statement applies to all personal data collection by SSI.
Please read this Statement carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your personal data.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is to not use our services.
By accessing our services, you agree to this Privacy Statement.
It also is important that you check back often for updates to the Statement.
The most current version of the Statement will always be available here.
You can check the “effective date” posted at the top to see when the              Statement was last updated.
Your continued use of our services after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes.
Information We Collect.
• If you engage with SSI for business purposes, such as by utilizing SSI services or productions, we will collect information by which you may be personally identified, such as name, business address, business e-email address, business telephone number, [OTHER PI.
], or other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline.
We will also collect records and copies of your correspondence, if you contact us.
• If you engage with SSI for marketing purposes, such as by expressing interest in SSI services or products by participating in a promotion, or attending a SSI or related marketing event, we will collect the information you submit to us (including name, email address, phone number, organization and job title) and the Samsung services or products that interest you.
SSI may also collect your email if you subscribe to our blog for blog update notifications.
You can unsubscribe from              the blog at any time.
• We may also collect other electronic data from your use of our Sites automatically.
This data may include your IP address, date/time stamp, data about your interaction with our Sites, and data collected from our use of cookies and similar tracking tools.
SSI does not intend to collect any directly identifiable personal data from the website.
Our website serves as an information gateway to provide you with the information about SSI as a company and its services and products              offered.
Our products are controlled by our parent company, Samsung Electronics Korea.
Please refer to the respective product and website for the corresponding privacy statement.
• We also may collect other information about you, your device, or your use of the services in ways that we describe to you at the point of collection or otherwise with your consent.
Information about your use of the Services.
In addition to the information you provide, we may collect information about your use of our services through software on your device and other means.
For example, we may collect.
• Device information - When you access our website and blog, we may collect your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, and other information about your system and connection.
If you are using mobile devices, we may also collect information about the cellular network associated with your mobile device, your mobile device’s operating system or platform, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s name and unique device ID, and information about the features              of our Mobile App (i.
e.
blog) that you accessed.
• Log information - We may collect the time and duration of your use of the services, search query terms you enter through the services, any information stored in cookies that we have set on your device, and device event information such as system activity, error reports, and hardware settings.
We may also access metadata and other information associated with files that you upload onto our blog site.
• Usage data - We may collect usage data about you whenever you interact with our services, which may include the dates and times you access the services and your browsing activities (such as what portions of the services you used).
We also collect information regarding the performance of the services, including metrics related to the deliverability of emails and other communications you send through the services.
If you are using our blog’s Mobile App, we may collect information              about how often you use the Mobile App and other performance data.
This information allows us to improve the content and operation of the app service, and facilitate research and analysis of the app service.
We collect this information.
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate our Site or services.
From third parties, for example we may receive information about you from publicly and commercially available sources (as permitted by law), which we may combine with other information we receive from or about you.
We also may receive information about you from third-party social networking services when you choose to connect with those services.
Information We Share.
We use the information we collect for the following business purposes.
• To present our Site and services to you.
• To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
• For assessment and analysis of our market, customers, products, and services (including asking you for your opinions on our products and services and carrying out customer surveys).
• To improve the operation of the Site and the quality of the services.
• To notify you about changes to the Site and the products or services available from SSI, its affiliates, and its partners.
and/or.
• To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it and/or to which you consent.
• In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
We may combine information from or about you, including across different services or devices, for purposes consistent with this Privacy Statement.
We may also share your information.
• With affiliates and subsidiaries (the companies related to SSI by common ownership or control).
• With service providers we use to support our business (contracted companies that provide services for or on behalf of SSI, such as our website hosting company, and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal data confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them).
• To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request or with law enforcement (when we are required to do so or to protect SSI and its customers).
• To enforce or apply our terms [LINK] and any other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
• Third parties as part of a merger, transfer, or other corporate reorganization.
and/or.
• Other parties with your consent or at your direction.
We may also share aggregated, anonymous, or non-identifiable data without restriction.
Use of Cookies.
The SSI website may use “cookies” to help personalize your online experience.
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server.
Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
We use cookies to.
• Authenticate access to remember your information so you will not have to re-enter it.
and.
• Improve the Site or services by using analytics to understand traffic patterns so we can find popular content and potential problems.
Required Cookie.
These cookies facilitate basic access and navigation of the Site.
They do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing purposes and do not remember where you have been on the internet.
This category of cookies cannot be disabled.
Analytic Cookie.
We use Google Analytics cookies to collect information about how visitors use the Site.
These cookies collect information in the aggregate to give us insight into how our website is being used.
We anonymize IP addresses in Google Analytics, and the anonymized data is transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law or where such third parties process the information on              Google’s behalf.
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
To view an overview of the privacy of your Google Analytics cookies please go               here.
You may install a Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on by going               here.
.
Functionality Cookie.
Performance cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Marketing Cookie.
We use marketing cookies to track visitors across websites.
The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for purposes of third party advertising.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser to prevent that and your help screen or manual will tell you how to do this.
You can find out how to do this for your particular browser by clicking “help” on your browser’s menu or visiting   For mobile devices, you can manage how your device and browser share certain device data by adjusting the privacy and security settings on your device.
Your browser may tell you how to be              notified when you receive certain types of cookies or how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies.
Such services are not designed to respond to “do not track” signals received from browsers.
Please note that without cookies you may not be able to use or benefit from all of the features of our services.
Information Security.
We have put in place reasonable physical and technical measures to safeguard the information we collect in connection with the services.
However, please note that although we take reasonable steps to protect your information, no website, Internet transmission, computer system, or wireless connection is completely secure.
Data Retention.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that information about you is available only for so long as is necessary for the purpose for which it is processed, or longer if required under any contract, by applicable law, or for statistical purposes, subject to appropriate safeguards.
Your Rights.
You may have the right under applicable laws in certain circumstances to.
• ask for access to details of the personal data held by us about you, free of charge.
• to request the rectification, restriction or erasure of your personal data held by us.
• to object to the processing of your data.
• to request that any personal data provided by you, be transferred to a third party.
SSI never sells data to third parties nor does it transfer your data to third parties for the third party’s marketing purposes.
You can opt-out of receiving further marketing from SSI at any time without detriment.
To exercise your rights, or to write to us with any complaints, please contact us at any time and specify the nature of your request, at.
Data Protection and Compliance.
Samsung Semiconductor, Inc.
3655 North 1st Street San Jose, CA 95134.
California.
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information.
Where noted, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) temporarily exempts personal information reflecting a written or verbal business-to-business communication from some of its requirements.
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information, including.
• The right to request disclosure of (i) the categories of personal information collected and the categories of sources of such collected information.
(ii) the specific pieces of personal information collected.
(iii) the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.
and (iv) the categories of personal information sold or disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties to whom personal information is sold or disclosed to for a              business purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months.
• The right to request deletion of personal information subject to certain exceptions.
• The right to “opt-out” of the sale of personal information.
• The right not to be discriminated against in pricing and services based on exercising any rights under the CCPA.
SSI does not sell personal information.
California residents are also entitled once a year, free of charge, to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year (e.
g.
requests made in 2022 will receive information about 2021 sharing activities).
We comply with this law by giving users the ability to tell us not to share personally identifiable information with third parties for              their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, send an email to We may need additional information to process your request.
Third Party Links.
Our Site may link to third-party websites and services that are outside our control.
We are not responsible for the security or privacy of any information collected by websites or other services.
You should exercise caution, and review the privacy statements applicable to the third-party websites and services you use.
We also may make available to you certain services offered by third parties.
SSI is not responsible for these third-party products or services.
For example.
SSI partners with a third party to manage our blog notification subscription service and to manage our advertising on other sites.
Our third-party partner may use cookies and similar tracking tools in order to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.
SSI also uses a third party recruiting firm to manage our career page on the website.
All the data that you submit through the applicant web-form is directly collected by the third party recruiting firm on behalf of SSI.
Some of the content, advertising, and functionality on our services may be provided by third parties that are not affiliated with us.
Please refer to the third party partners’ privacy notices and legal terms.
Children.
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without parental consent, unless permitted by law.
If we learn that a child under the age of thirteen (13) has provided us with personal information, we will delete it in accordance with applicable law.
If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at .
Do Not Track Signals and Other Tracking Mechanisms.
Some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to the websites with which the user communicates, although web browsers incorporate and activate this functionality in different ways, and it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted.
There currently is disagreement, including among participants in the leading Internet standards-setting organization, concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals.
SSI currently              does not take action in response to these signals, but, if and when a standard is established and accepted, we may reassess how to respond to these signals.
How To Contact Us.
To ask us questions about this Privacy Statement, please contact us by sending an email to.
.
Or writing to us at.
Samsung Semiconductor, Inc.
3655 North 1st Street               San Jose, CA 95134.
You are entering samsungha.
com.
Home.
Privacy Policy.
ProductsDRAMSSDeStorageMCPConsumer StorageProcessorImage SensorDisplay ICSecurity SolutionPower ICLEDDisplay.
DRAM.
SSD.
eStorage.
MCP.
Consumer Storage.
Processor.
Image Sensor.
Display IC.
Security Solution.
Power IC.
LED.
Display.
FoundryProcess TechnologyAdvanced PackageSAFE™ManufacturingApplication Specific Service.
Process Technology.
Advanced Package.
SAFE™.
Manufacturing.
Application Specific Service.
Insights5GAIBig DataImage ProcessingPIMEUVSmartphoneWearablesServer & NetworkPCTV & GamingAutomotive.
5G.
AI.
Big Data.
Image Processing.
PIM.
EUV.
Smartphone.
Wearables.
Server & Network.
PC.
TV & Gaming.
Automotive.
SupportProduct FinderTechnical ResourcesConsumer Storage SupportFabrication ProcessDictionaryGlobal NetworkContact UsB2B Workplace.
Product Finder.
Technical Resources.
Consumer Storage Support.
Fabrication Process.
Dictionary.
Global Network.
Contact Us.
B2B Workplace.
SustainabilityEnvironmentLabor & Human RightCorporate CitizenshipSustainable Supply Chain.
Environment.
Labor & Human Right.
Corporate Citizenship.
Sustainable Supply Chain.
About UsBusiness AreaExecutiveLocationHistoryUS OfficeCareersNewsEventTech BlogInvestor RelationsEthics.
Business Area.
Executive.
Location.
History.
US Office.
Careers.
News.
Event.
Tech Blog.
Investor Relations.
Ethics.
Global / English.
US / English.
EMEA / English.
한국 / 한국어.
中国 / 中文.
日本 / 日本語.
Copyrightⓒ 2022 Samsung ALL rights reserved.
1.
2.
If you want a quick solution, check out FAQ or Global Network first.
Business customer.
Individual customer.
This field is required.
Continent*Continent*AfricaAsia - pacificEuropeCISLatin AmericaMiddle EastNorth AmericaSouth AmericaOthersContinent*This field is required.
Continent*.
Africa.
Asia - pacific.
Europe.
CIS.
Latin America.
Middle East.
North America.
South America.
Others.
This field is required.
Location*Location*Location*This field is required.
Location*.
This field is required.
Inquiry Category*Inquiry Category*Technical SupportSalesCorporate FunctionsWebsite FeedbackInquiry Category*This field is required.
Inquiry Category*.
Technical Support.
Sales.
Corporate Functions.
Website Feedback.
This field is required.
Inquiry Type*Inquiry Type*Inquiry Type*This field is required.
Inquiry Type*.
This field is required.
Product Category*Product Category*Product Category*This field is required.
Product Category*.
This field is required.
Product Type*Product Type*Product Type*This field is required.
Product Type*.
This field is required.
* Find help about consumer storage product at samsung.
com support.
1.
2.
User TypeBusiness customer.
Business customer.
Request TypeTechnical support.
Technical support.
Product CategoryDRAM Component.
DRAM Component.
LocationEU / UK.
EU / UK.
Inquiry TypeProduct Spec.
Product Spec.
Product TypeClient.
Client.
First Name*This field is required.
This field is required.
Last Name*This field is required.
This field is required.
Company*This field is required.
This field is required.
Email*This field is required.
This field is required.
Confirm Email*This field is required.
This field is required.
This field is required.
This field is required.
Please, Check"I'm not a robot".
Samsung and Cookies.
Our site uses cookies.
We’d also like to set optional cookies to give you the best experience and porvide you relevant advertising.
You can choose to manage your preferences or accept all cookies.
You can also read our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy for more information.
Choose your Location or Language.
Manage your cookies.
Essential Cookies.
These cookies are essential as they enable you to move around the website.
This category cannot be disabled.
Analytical or performance cookies.
These cookies collect information about how you use our website, for example which pages you visit most often.
All information these cookies collect is used to improve how the website works.
Functionality Cookies.
These cookies allow our website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and tailor the website to provide enhanced features and content for you.
Advertising Cookies.
These cookies gather information about your browser habits.
They remember that you’ve visited our website and share this information with other organizations such as advertisers.
Manage your cookies.
Cookies are small files that store information on your computer, TV, mobile phone, or other device.
They enable the entity that put the cookie on your device to recognize you across different websites, services, devices, and/or browsing sessions.
I accept to allow all cookies.
