This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
We and selected partners use cookies or similar technologies to ensure you get the best experience on the Teamtailor website.
With respect to cookies that are not considered necessary (as specified in the Cookie Policy), we and our selected partners may use cookies for the following purposes.
personalized website experience, develop and improve products and in some cases targeted advertisement that are based on your interests.
You can manage or disable cookies by clicking on "Manage cookies" at the bottom of each website page.
Select which cookies you accept.
When you visit this website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies.
This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the website work as you expect it to.
The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience.
Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Below is a list of different categories of cookies that may be set and that you can freely change.
However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
These cookies are required and must be accepted to use this site.
These cookies collect data about how visitors use this website.
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make and provide enhanced, more personal features.
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests.
Privacy Policy.
Recruitment Privacy Notice.
Data controller.
Daniel Hulme, Satalia, Sea Containers House, 18 Upper Ground, London, SE1 9GL.
As part of any recruitment process, Satalia collects and processes personal data relating to job applicants.
We are committed to being transparent about how we collect and use your data and to meet our data protection obligations.
What information does Satalia collect.
We collect a range of information about you.
This includes .
Your name, address and contact details, including email address and telephone number.
Details of your qualifications, skills, experience and employment history.
Information about your current level of remuneration, including benefit entitlements.
Whether or not you have a disability for which Satalia needs to make reasonable adjustments during the recruitment process.
Information about your entitlement to work in the UK.
and.
Equal opportunities monitoring information, including information about your ethnic origin, sexual orientation, health, and religion or belief.
Satalia collects this information in a variety of ways.
For example, data might be contained in applications, application forms, CVs or resumes, obtained from your passport or other identity documents or collected through interviews or other forms of assessment.
Your data will be stored in a range of different places, including on your application record, in HR management systems and on other IT systems (including email).
Why does Satalia process personal data.
We need to process data to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract with you.
We also need to process your data to enter into a contract with you.
In some cases, Satalia needs to process data to ensure that we are complying with its legal obligations.
For example, it is required to check a successful applicant's eligibility to work in the UK before employment starts.
Satalia has a legitimate interest in processing personal data during the recruitment process and for keeping records of the process.
Processing data from job applicants allows us to manage the recruitment process, assess and confirm a candidate's suitability for employment and decide to whom to offer a job.
Satalia may also need to process data from job applicants to respond to and defend against legal claims.
Satalia processes health information if we need to make reasonable adjustment to the recruitment process for candidates who have a disability.
This is to carry out our obligations and exercise specific rights in relation to employment.
Where Satalia processes other special categories of data, such as information about ethnic origin, sexual orientation, health or religion or belief, is for equal opportunities monitoring purposes as permitted by the Data Protection Act 2018.
Satalia will not use your data for any purpose other than the recruitment exercise for which you have applied.
Who has access to data.
Your information will be shared internally for the purposes of the recruitment exercise.
This includes members of the HR and recruitment team, interviewers involved in the recruitment process and Comms (ICT) staff if access to the data is necessary for the performance of their roles.
Satalia will not share your data with third parties, unless your application for employment is successful and we make you an offer of employment.
Satalia will then share your data with former employers to obtain references for you, employment background checks providers to obtain necessary background checks.
Satalia will not transfer your data outside the European Economic Area except that if an application is made from outside of the European Economic Area.
How does Satalia protect data.
Satalia takes the security of your data seriously.
It has internal policies and controls in place to ensure that your data is not lost, accidentally destroyed, misused or disclosed, and is not accessed except by our employees in the proper performance of their duties.
For how long does Satalia keep data.
If your application for employment is unsuccessful, Satalia will hold your data on file for 12 months after the end of the relevant recruitment process.
At the end of that period, your data is deleted or destroyed.
If your application for employment is successful, personal data gathered during the recruitment process will be transferred to your personnel file and retained during your employment.
The periods for which your data will be held will be provided to you in a new privacy notice.
Your rights.
As a data subject, you have a number of rights.
You can.
Access and obtain a copy of your data on request.
Require Satalia to change incorrect or incomplete data.
Require Satalia to delete or stop processing your data, for example where the data is no longer necessary for the purposes of processing.
Object to the processing of your data where Satalia is relying on its legitimate interests as the legal ground for processing.
and.
Ask Satalia to stop processing data for a period if data is inaccurate or there is a dispute about whether or not your interests override Satalia's legitimate grounds for processing data.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact Daniel Hulme, or Sea Containers House, 18 Upper Ground, London, SE1 9GL.
If you believe that Satalia has not complied with your data protection rights, you can complain to the Information Commissioner.
What if you do not provide personal data.
You are under no statutory or contractual obligation to provide data to Satalia during the recruitment process.
However, if you do not provide the information, Satalia may not be able to process your application properly or at all.
If your application is successful, it will be a condition of any job offer that you provide evidence of your right to work in the UK and satisfactory references.
You are under no obligation to provide information for equal opportunities monitoring purposes and there are no consequences for your application if you choose not to provide such information.
Career site.
Start.
Circles.
Locations.
Jobs.
Data & privacy.
Manage cookies.
Locations.
London.
Kaunas.
Vienna.
Circles.
Operations.
Products & Services.
Already working at  Satalia.
Let’s recruit together and find your next colleague.
