You will be transferred to the selected country page address.
Therefore you will leave the SCHURTER main page.
Note.
Your country preferences for the SCHURTER Global Website are now saved.
Products        ProductsSCHURTER is a leading innovator, manufacturer and distributor of fuses, connectors, circuit breakers, input systems and EMC products.
Read more        HighlightsConnectorsThe SCHURTER equipment connector line comprises a wide variety of connectors acc.
Connectors         Catalog        ComponentsOverview        Components Competences        Circuit Protection        Connectors        Switches        EMC-Products        Others        Sales Partners        Customer Specific ComponentsOverview        Customer Specific Fuses        Customer Specific Connectors        Customer Specific Switches        Customer Specific EMC Solutions        Input SystemsOverview        Input Systems Competences        Complete HMI Solutions        PCAP Touchscreens        Resistive Touchscreens        Capacitive Switches        Membrane Switches        References.
SCHURTER is a leading innovator, manufacturer and distributor of fuses, connectors, circuit breakers, input systems and EMC products.
The SCHURTER equipment connector line comprises a wide variety of connectors acc.
Catalog.
ComponentsOverview        Components Competences        Circuit Protection        Connectors        Switches        EMC-Products        Others        Sales Partners.
Overview.
Components Competences.
Circuit Protection.
Connectors.
Switches.
EMC-Products.
Others.
Sales Partners.
Customer Specific ComponentsOverview        Customer Specific Fuses        Customer Specific Connectors        Customer Specific Switches        Customer Specific EMC Solutions.
Overview.
Customer Specific Fuses.
Customer Specific Connectors.
Customer Specific Switches.
Customer Specific EMC Solutions.
Input SystemsOverview        Input Systems Competences        Complete HMI Solutions        PCAP Touchscreens        Resistive Touchscreens        Capacitive Switches        Membrane Switches        References.
Overview.
Input Systems Competences.
Complete HMI Solutions.
PCAP Touchscreens.
Resistive Touchscreens.
Capacitive Switches.
Membrane Switches.
References.
Solutions        SolutionsSCHURTER Solutions networks the internal competences to be able to offer complete solutions to the customers.
Read more        Highlights5 years of SolutionsThe Solutions business unit began operations 5 years ago.
And it grew quickly.
T.
Success Story 5 years of Solutions      Solutions Competences        Customized Solutions        TechnologiesOverview        Technology Competences        Optical bonding        EMC-Influences        Prototyping        Illumination        EMC-Services.
SCHURTER Solutions networks the internal competences to be able to offer complete solutions to the customers.
The Solutions business unit began operations 5 years ago.
And it grew quickly.
T.
Solutions Competences.
Customized Solutions.
TechnologiesOverview        Technology Competences        Optical bonding        EMC-Influences        Prototyping        Illumination.
Overview.
Technology Competences.
Optical bonding.
EMC-Influences.
Prototyping.
Illumination.
EMC-Services.
Markets        MarketsSCHURTER offers various products and solutions specifically designed to specific industry segments.
The typical requirements of the specific industries are taken into consideration.
Read more        HighlightsAutomotiveApproved solutions for a thriving marketDiscover more         Industrial Equipment        Medical Equipment        Automotive        Avionics and Space        Data and Communication        Energy.
SCHURTER offers various products and solutions specifically designed to specific industry segments.
The typical requirements of the specific industries are taken into consideration.
Approved solutions for a thriving market.
Industrial Equipment.
Medical Equipment.
Automotive.
Avionics and Space.
Data and Communication.
Energy.
Info Center        Info CenterSCHURTER offers various services that support the design-in work or the cooperation with sales partners.
Read more        HighlightsSafe technology helps saving livesThe new corona virus SARS-CoV-2 has been raging since January 2020, spreading at.
Success Story      News        Events        Documents        Support ToolsOverview        Track & Trace        Stock Check Distributor        Stock Check SCHURTER        Approvals        Cross Reference        Partner Service        CAD-Drawings        CatApp        CertificatesOverview        Quality Management        RoHS        China RoHS        REACH        Halogen Free        Conflict Minerals        Landing Pages        Videos        FAQ.
SCHURTER offers various services that support the design-in work or the cooperation with sales partners.
The new corona virus SARS-CoV-2 has been raging since January 2020, spreading at.
News.
Events.
Documents.
Support ToolsOverview        Track & Trace        Stock Check Distributor        Stock Check SCHURTER        Approvals        Cross Reference        Partner Service        CAD-Drawings        CatApp.
Overview.
Track & Trace.
Stock Check Distributor.
Stock Check SCHURTER.
Approvals.
Cross Reference.
Partner Service.
CAD-Drawings.
CatApp.
CertificatesOverview        Quality Management        RoHS        China RoHS        REACH        Halogen Free        Conflict Minerals.
Overview.
Quality Management.
RoHS.
China RoHS.
REACH.
Halogen Free.
Conflict Minerals.
Landing Pages.
Videos.
FAQ.
About us        About usThe SCHURTER Group is the world's leading Swiss technology company ensuring clean and safe supply of power, ease of use and sophisticated overall solutions.
Read more        CompanyOverview        SCHURTER Group        Cultural Values        Affiliates        History        Awards        Bruno H.
Schurter Foundation        CareersOverview        Stories        Job openings        Apprenticeship        Trainees at SCHURTER        Sustainability        Media.
The SCHURTER Group is the world's leading Swiss technology company ensuring clean and safe supply of power, ease of use and sophisticated overall solutions.
CompanyOverview        SCHURTER Group        Cultural Values        Affiliates        History        Awards        Bruno H.
Schurter Foundation.
Overview.
SCHURTER Group.
Cultural Values.
Affiliates.
History.
Awards.
Bruno H.
Schurter Foundation.
CareersOverview        Stories        Job openings        Apprenticeship        Trainees at SCHURTER.
Overview.
Stories.
Job openings.
Apprenticeship.
Trainees at SCHURTER.
Sustainability.
Media.
Contact.
Privacy.
Last modified.
General.
SCHURTER makes every effort to protect the privacy of its customers and has taken precautionary measures to ensure that information provided by customers/browsers or registered as subscribers to e-mail lists remains private, protected against loss and misuse or alteration.
You can navigate most of SCHURTER's websites without entering personal data.
Only for the delivery of products and reactions to inquiries we need a registration.
In this privacy policy we inform the users about the type, extent and purpose of the collection and use of personal data as well as any passing on of data to third parties.
To ensure that this information is accessible to you at the beginning of the usage process and always, you will find a link to this privacy policy on every SCHURTER website.
The following data protection information applies to this and all other websites that refer to this data protection information.
Information we collect.
We collect information to provide better services to all users and to stay in contact with you after your visit to the SCHURTER website.
Transparency and choice.
Everyone has different concerns about data protection.
The aim of SCHURTER is to clarify what information we collect so that you can make meaningful decisions about its use.
Information provided by us.
Some of the services of SCHURTER allow you to share information with others.
Remember, when you publicly disclose information that this information may be indexed by search engines, including Google.
Non-personal data.
As a rule, you can visit SCHURTER websites without having to provide any personal data.
Location information on your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the website from which you are visiting SCHURTER and the web pages that you view at SCHURTER, the number, date and time of your visits and search terms that you enter in the search and that you entered to access the web pages of SCHURTER.
Your identity remains completely anonymous.
This information is evaluated for statistical purposes and to determine the acceptance and attractiveness of this website and to improve its contents.
Collection and use of personal data.
In some places on the SCHURTER web pages, various forms are offered, e.
g.
for product or service offers, registration, enquiries, contact, order, applications or newsletter functions.
Personal data will only be collected and processed if you use these services from SCHURTER and voluntarily provide the data necessary for processing your request.
If you decide to provide us with information such as company name, department, address, e-mail address or other personal data, SCHURTER may store, process and evaluate these data and forward them to authorized sales companies or other contractual partners of SCHURTER, exclusively for maintaining the customer relationship with you, in particular for your information about the offer of SCHURTER products.
Personal data from applications, however, will only be passed on to affiliated companies or other third parties upon explicit request and consent of the person concerned.
This also applies to the storage of application data beyond the usual duration of the application process.
Information provided by us.
We do not pass on any personal data to companies, organizations or persons outside of SCHURTER, except in one of the following circumstances.
For external processing.
We make personal data available to SCHURTER's partners, other trustworthy companies or persons who process them on behalf of SCHURTER.
This is done on the basis of SCHURTER's instructions and in accordance with the privacy policy of SCHURTER as well as other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
For legal reasons.
We will pass on personal data to companies, organizations or persons outside of SCHURTER if we can assume in good faith that it is reasonably necessary to access, use, store or pass on this data in order to be able to do so.
• to comply with applicable laws, regulations or legal proceedings or to comply with an enforceable administrative order.
• to enforce applicable terms of use, including investigation of possible violations.
• detect, prevent or otherwise combat fraud, security deficiencies or technical problems.
• to protect the rights, property or safety of SCHURTER, the users or the public against damage, as far as legally permissible or necessary.
Cookies.
When you visit a SCHURTER website, it is possible that information in the form of a "cookie" is stored on your computer to automatically recognize it the next time you visit it.
For example, cookies allow you to customize a website to suit your interests or to save your password so that you do not have to enter it each time.
You can also set your browser in such a way that all cookies, including those linked to the SCHURTER services, are blocked or that a message is displayed as soon as a cookie is set.
However, keep in mind that many services may not work properly if you have cookies disabled.
Google Analytics.
The SCHURTER website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc.
(" Google").
Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help us analyze your use of the website.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) is transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
Google will use this information for evaluating your website use, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties if required by law or if third parties process this data on behalf of Google.
Google will in no case associate your IP address with other Google data.
By using the SCHURTER web pages, you agree to the processing of the data collected about you by Google in the manner and for the purpose described above.
Links to other websites.
The websites of SCHURTER contain links to other websites.
The links do not mean that SCHURTER endorses or adopts the content of the linked pages.
The linked sites are not under the control of SCHURTER and therefore SCHURTER assumes no responsibility for these links, their content and data protection strategy and the possible transmission of data through them.
Data transmission.
The transmission of data over the Internet is not completely secure.
The use of the technologies used by SCHURTER for data transmission is at the user's own risk.
Unauthorized access and security.
SCHURTER protects your data against unauthorized access, loss or destruction by means of technical and organizational measures.
SCHURTER's safety measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments.
It cannot be completely ruled out that unauthorized third parties such as hackers may gain access to SCHURTER's websites and the information contained therein.
SCHURTER is not responsible for any damage that may occur as a result.
Accessing and updating your personal data.
Some of the services of SCHURTER can only be accessed by certain persons who must enter a password and provide personal information.
Whenever you use SCHURTER services, SCHURTER endeavours to give you access to your personal data.
Should this data be inaccurate, SCHURTER will endeavour to provide you with the opportunity to update or remove it quickly - unless SCHURTER must keep this data for legitimate business or legal purposes.
SCHURTER strives to provide the services in a manner that protects the data from accidental or deliberate destruction.
For this reason, SCHURTER does not immediately delete any remaining copies of data that you have deleted from SCHURTER services from the active servers and does not remove this data from the backup systems.
Right of withdrawal.
You can revoke any consent given to SCHURTER for the collection or processing of your personal data at any time with effect for the future.
Upon receipt of your revocation by SCHURTER, your data will be deleted immediately, insofar as it is not necessary for the execution of any contractual usage relationship with you or for the protection of the legitimate business interest of SCHURTER, or if it is contrary to statutory storage obligations.
Right to information for the processing of personal data.
Changes.
The privacy policy of SCHURTER may change from time to time.
SCHURTER will not limit your rights under this privacy policy without your express consent.
Right to information, correction and deletion.
In accordance with the applicable law, we will be happy to provide you with information on the personal data stored about you upon your written request, and on your written instruction we will also correct or delete any such data.
If there are legal storage obligations for the data, the data will only be blocked for further use.
Please send all such enquiries in text form (by letter or e-mail) to SCHURTER.
Check Corporate.
for contact data of local data protection officer.
SCHURTER AG | Werkhofstrasse 8-12 | 6002 Luzern | Switzerland +41 41 369 31 11 | .
Do you have a question about the data protection measures described or would you like detailed information.
-.
Privacy.
Terms and Conditions.
Manage Cookie Preferences.
Track & Trace.
Partner Service.
Visit other sites of SCHURTERat.
schurter.
comch.
schurter.
comchilick.
schurter.
comcn.
schurter.
comcz.
schurter.
comde.
schurter.
comfr.
schurter.
comhk.
schurter.
comin.
schurter.
comit.
schurter.
comnl.
schurter.
compl.
schurter.
comschurter.
comse.
schurter.
comsg.
schurter.
comuk.
schurter.
comus.
schurter.
com.
