Home.
Our Solution.
Use Cases.
Blog.
Location.
Careers.
About Us.
Scortex Data Protection & Cookies Policy.
Privacy Policy.
The controller of the personal data processing described herein is SCORTEX, a French “société par actions simplifiée” with a share capital of € 9 338,40, registered with the Nanterre Trade and Companies Register under number 850 535 102, whose registered office is located at 48, quai Alphonse Le Gallo 92100 Boulogne Billancourt (hereinafter “SCORTEX”, “We” or “Us”).
SCORTEX understands, respects and recognizes privacy and need for an appropriate protection of the personal information provided by users of our website, services and/or solution (hereinafter the “User” or “You”).
This privacy policy (hereinafter the “Privacy Policy”) describes how SCORTEX will collect, use and treat your information and how You can exercise your rights.
In general, You may visit our website  (hereinafter the “Site”) without telling Us who You are or revealing any personal information about yourself.
However, SCORTEX may request You to share some personal information with Us, in order to access to certain features of the Site.
If You decide to enter in contact with Us, subscribe and/or use our services (hereinafter the “Services”) as well as our solution, as defined in any terms and conditions You may have subscribed to (hereinafter the “Solution”), SCORTEX will need to collect personal data about You.
The processing operations carried out by SCORTEX are contractual by nature when used to access the Solution and/or our Services.
Our Privacy Policy applies to all Users of the Site, our Services and our Solution.
ARTICLE 1.
COLLECTION OF YOUR DATA.
When collecting personal data, SCORTEX ensures compliance with all its incumbent obligations under the French law of January 6th, 1978 known as “Informatique & Liberté” and the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and the free flow of such data (hereinafter the “GDPR”).
We collect personal data that You provide directly when You enter in contact with Us and/or subscribe and/or use our Services and our Solution.
Some data are collected automatically as a result of your actions on the Site.
These data can be without limitation, your name, first names, email address, courtesy, telephone number, pseudonym, company affiliation as well as any other personal information you might share (hereinafter the “Personal Data”).
ARTICLE 2.
USE OF YOUR DATA.
We may use all or part of your Personal Data for the following purposes.
(i) provide You with any information You may request, (ii) address commercial and promotional communications, (iii) send You our newsletter, (iv) provide and improve our Site, Services and/or Solution.
We may share certain Personal Data about You with (i) certain third parties to provide You with a specific service that You may have requested, (ii) certain third parties with whom You choose to let Us share information with, such as our data hosting provider (iii) third parties for the purposes of audience measurement and analysis, advertising monitoring and reporting on our behalf, (iv) our subsidiaries, and (v) certain third parties in connection with negotiations relating to a merger and/or sale of our company’s assets, consolidation or restructuring, financing or acquisition of all or part of our business by another company.
ARTICLE 3.
STORAGE AND SECURITY.
If We collect your Personal Data, We will store it.
In the event such Personal Data are stored on servers located in countries outside the territory of the European Union, SCORTEX guarantees that the country or countries in which the Personal Data are stored shall ensure an adequate level of protection within the meaning of the GDPR.
SCORTEX recognizes your need for an appropriate protection of the Personal Data You provide Us.
SCORTEX will process the Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Please note that no website can be 100% secure and We cannot be held responsible for unauthorized or unintended access that is beyond our control.
Please also note that the Site may contain third party hyperlinks that will may lead You to other sites.
As SCORTEX does not control the content of these other websites, SCORTEX shall not be held responsible for the accuracy of any information provided by these websites as well as their privacy practices.
We advise You to read their privacy policies before giving them personal information as this Privacy Policy solely applies to Personal Data collected by SCORTEX.
ARTICLE 4.
DATA STORAGE PERIOD.
Your Personal Data are stored for the time necessary to visit our Site, access the Services and/or the Solution.
If You do not respond to any solicitation for three (3) years and You have not subscribed to any Service or to the Solution, SCORTEX will erase your Personal Data.
ARTICLE 5.
YOUR RIGHTS.
Under the conditions defined by law, You have the right to access, rectify, delete, oppose and limit the processing of your Personal Data.
You have the right to the portability of your Personal Data and you can refuse to receiving further marketing information from SCORTEX, including our newsletter.
Also, You have the right to define guidelines on the fate of your Personal Data after your death.
Each of these rights can be exercised by a written and signed request specifying the address to which the reply must be sent to You and accompanied by a copy of your identity document, all addressed.
(i) via mail at [email protected] or (ii) by post at SCORTEX SAS, 22 rue Berbier du Mets, 75013 Paris, France.
We will send You a response within one (1) month from the date of receipt of your request.
If necessary, this period may be extended for an additional two (2) months, considering the complexity and number of requests, in which case We will keep You informed.
You are informed that You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority.
ARTICLE 6.
COOKIE MANAGEMENT.
Our Site uses cookies to provide You with better services.
Cookies are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer to improve your experience.
SCORTEX adopted a cookie policy describing what information cookies gather, how SCORTEX uses it and why SCORTEX sometimes needs to store these cookies.
For more information, please read the cookie policy accessible here after.
ARTICLE 7.
UPDATE.
You are informed that SCORTEX may change its Privacy Policy, in particular to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
You will be informed of any changes to our Privacy Policy and their effective date.
After that date, your use of our Site, Services or the Solution will constitute acceptance of these changes.
ARTICLE 8.
MORE INFORMATION.
SCORTEX intends to clarify how your Personal Data are processed through this Privacy Policy.
However, if You are still looking for more information, please contact Us via email at [email protected].
Cookie Policy for Scortex.
This is the Cookie Policy for Scortex, accessible from scortex.
io.
What Are Cookies.
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience.
This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies.
We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
How We Use Cookies.
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below.
Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site.
It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies.
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this).
Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit.
Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site.
Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set.
Email newsletters related cookiesThis site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.
Forms related cookiesWhen you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Site preferences cookiesIn order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it.
In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.
Third Party Cookies.
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties.
The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience.
These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
Third party analytics are used to track and measure usage of this site so that we can continue to produce engaging content.
These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site or pages you visit which helps us to understand how we can improve the site for you.
From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered.
When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate the most.
As we sell products it’s important for us to understand statistics about how many of the visitors to our site actually make a purchase and as such this is the kind of data that these cookies will track.
This is important to you as it means that we can accurately make business predictions that allow us to monitor our advertising and product costs to ensure the best possible price.
We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways.
For these to work the following social media sites including.
{List the social networks whose features you have integrated with your site.
12}, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
More Information.
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren’t sure whether you need or not it’s usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site.
However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods.
Email.
[email protected].
22 Rue Berbier Du Mets75013 ParisFrance.
Subscribe to our Scortex Newsletter.
Stay tuned.
