JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
My Account.
Sign In.
Create an Account.
All demos.
Features.
Buy me.
My Account.
My Orders.
Sign Out.
Create Account or Sign In.
Home.
DomesticUprightsAUTOMATIC XPastelBags & FiltersAccessoriesFELIXContemporaryBags & FiltersAccessoriesCylindersAIRBELT KBags & FiltersAccessoriesPastelsAIRBELT EBags & FiltersAccessoriesAIRBELT DBags & FiltersAccessoriesPink Ribbon FoundationParts and AccessoriesBags & FiltersAccessoriesOn Sale.
UprightsAUTOMATIC XPastelBags & FiltersAccessoriesFELIXContemporaryBags & FiltersAccessories.
AUTOMATIC XPastelBags & FiltersAccessories.
Pastel.
Bags & Filters.
Accessories.
FELIXContemporaryBags & FiltersAccessories.
Contemporary.
Bags & Filters.
Accessories.
CylindersAIRBELT KBags & FiltersAccessoriesPastelsAIRBELT EBags & FiltersAccessoriesAIRBELT DBags & FiltersAccessories.
AIRBELT KBags & FiltersAccessoriesPastels.
Bags & Filters.
Accessories.
Pastels.
AIRBELT EBags & FiltersAccessories.
Bags & Filters.
Accessories.
AIRBELT DBags & FiltersAccessories.
Bags & Filters.
Accessories.
Pink Ribbon Foundation.
Parts and AccessoriesBags & FiltersAccessories.
Bags & Filters.
Accessories.
On Sale.
CommercialUprightsDARTEVOLUTIONBS360 - BS460XPCylindersD8 PROFESSIONAL Floor CareDART UHS POLISHERDUO.
UprightsDARTEVOLUTIONBS360 - BS460XP.
DART.
EVOLUTION.
BS360 - BS460.
XP.
CylindersD8 PROFESSIONAL.
D8 PROFESSIONAL.
Floor CareDART UHS POLISHERDUO.
DART UHS POLISHER.
DUO.
Bella Hope London.
SupportDownloadsRegister Your SEBOFind Your Serial NumberHelp & TroubleshootingFloor Care Guide.
Downloads.
Register Your SEBO.
Find Your Serial Number.
Help & Troubleshooting.
Floor Care Guide.
About UsAwards & EndorsementsCharity CollaborationsTechnologyEnvironmentBlogs.
Awards & Endorsements.
Charity Collaborations.
Technology.
Environment.
Blogs.
Store Locator.
Home.
Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy.
SEBO (UK) Ltd Data Privacy Policy.
This data privacy policy sets out how SEBO (UK) Ltd uses and protects any information that you provide when you use this website.
Our main reason for collecting your personal information is to provide and improve the service, products and experiences that you and our customers expect from us.
SEBO (UK) Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, purchasing our products or using our services, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this data privacy statement.
SEBO (UK) Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page.
You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
This policy is effective from May 2018.
We collect personal information from you in a number of different ways.
you may share that information with us, or we may collect it using other means.
What we collect.
We may collect the following information through the following methods.
Website.
Telephone.
Email.
Social Media Platforms.
or.
In person or through our retail partners.
You can decide not to provide certain information, or ask that any information you have previously shared is removed.
If you do so, you may not be able to take full advantage of our products, offers and services.
For example, you may provide information to us when you contact our customer service team, place an order, register your warranty, complete a survey, competition or questionnaire.
Through these interactions you may share with us.
your name, address, e-mail, demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests, your address, contact number and payment information.
If you are registering a product on behalf of someone else, please make sure you have their permission to share their information in accordance with this policy.
Information from your online interactions.
We collect and handle information from all visitors to our website, whether you actively provide us with that information or merely browse our website.
The information we collect includes the internet protocol (IP) address of the device you are using, the browser software you use, your operating system, the date and time of access, the internet address of the website from which you link through to our website and information on how you use our website.
We use this information so that we can see how long our website take to load, how they are used, the number of visitors to the different sections of our website, and what information visitors look at most.
We also collect and handle information about how you engage with our promotional campaigns and advertising online, outside of our own website (for example, on Google, YouTube [or on social media]).
That information is, predominantly, collected through our use of cookies and similar technologies.
How we use cookies.
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive.
Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site.
Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual.
The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used.
This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs.
We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not.
A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
Some cookies that we use at SEBO (UK) Ltd will collect personal information about you.
Any personal information that is collected will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
By continuing to use our website, you accept that cookies may be set on your device.
For further information, including information on the types of cookies that we use and how to manage cookies placed on our website, please refer to our cookie policy.
Please note that we do not currently respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
Email Communications.
As a user of our products or services, we may, on occasion send you e-mails.
As long as you are happy for us to do so, we would also like to keep you posted on anything that's happening at SEBO (UK) Ltd which we think you might like to know about.
If for any reason you aren’t happy with the communications that we send you, you can find out how to update or change whether you would like to hear from us, or stop us contacting you, in the section below titled ‘How can you change the way that we contact you.
'.
Social Media.
We love interacting with you on social media.
You may use social media to contact us about SEBO products.
We review publicly available social media and online sites to get a better understanding of what people are saying about us, and our products, technology and services and to assist consumers who prefer to contact us through social media.
The information we collect from social media and online sites sometimes includes personal information that has been put online and is publicly available.
We make sure any information we use is properly credited to its source or is made anonymous.
These online and social media sites may have their own privacy policies explaining how they use and share your personal information.
You should carefully review those privacy policies before you use these sites to make sure that you are happy with how your personal information is being collected and shared.
How do we keep your information safe.
We protect your information with security measures under the laws that apply.
We keep our computers, files and buildings secure.
When you contact us to ask about your information, we may ask you to identify yourself.
This is to help protect your information.
Meeting our legal and regulatory obligations.
To use your information lawfully, we rely on one or more of the following legal bases.
Performance of a contract.
Legal obligation.
Protecting the vital interests of you or others.
Public interest.
Our legitimate interests.
and.
Your consent.
Consent.
Sometimes we need your consent to use your personal information.
With direct marketing for example, we need your consent to make you aware of products which may be of interest to you.
We may do this by phone, post or email or through other digital media.
You can remove your consent at any time by contacting us either by emailing or by writing to us at.
Privacy Officer, SEBO (UK) Ltd Unit 1 The Merlin Centre, Cressex Business Park.
High Wycombe Buckinghamshire.
HP12 3QL.
What we do with the information we gather.
To respond to your queries and requests.
To communicate with you.
To provide services and support for our products.
To provide updates to you about any changes to SEBO (UK) Ltd policies, terms and conditions and any other matters which we may need to tell you.
As long as you are happy for us to do so, to tell you about our other products and services.
• In combination with personal information we collect from SEBO products, information about how you engage with our e-mails and information from your online interactions, for profiling and statistical analysis.
and.
To customise and improve the way that you shop with us in the future.
for example, by showing you products and offers that we think you might like.
We use the personal information we collect from SEBO products and Social Media, by itself and in combination with your customer record (the information you share with us), in the following ways.
To provide updates and services to our products.
To improve our products, technology and services generally.
and.
For profiling and statistical analysis of how our products are used.
Information from your online interactions.
We use the personal information from your online interactions, by itself and in combination with your customer record (the information you share with us), in the following ways.
To identify any part of our website that isn’t working as well as it should - so we can fix things and make our website better for you and other users.
For profiling and statistical analysis of product popularity, and of our customers' behaviour when using our website.
We also want to be able to monitor your use of our website and how you engage with our promotional campaigns and advertising online, so that we can.
Customise and improve the way that you shop with us in future (for example, by showing you products and offers that we think you might like).
and.
Send you more relevant and interesting marketing communications as long as you are happy for us to do so.
You have the right to object to our monitoring of your use of our website and how you engage with our promotional campaigns and advertising online for these purposes.
For more information on how to exercise your right to object, see the section below entitled 'Your controls and choices'.
Other potential uses of your personal information.
We also use your personal information.
To assist in any disputes, claims or investigations relating to your SEBO product or warranty matters.
To detect and prevent fraudulent transactions.
and.
To comply with our legal obligations.
We will only send you marketing communications when you have told us it is ok to do so.
We will never pass or sell your personal information to any other Company for marketing purposes and we will give you the option to stop receiving marketing communications at any time.
How can you change the way that we contact you.
Opt-In/Start Contacting Me.
If you hadn’t previously asked us to send you marketing communications, you can ask us to start contacting you (sometimes called an "opt-in") by.
Contacting SEBO (UK) Ltd customer service on 01494 465533 and stating that you would like to receive communications from us, or by writing to us at.
Privacy Officer, SEBO (UK) Ltd Unit 1 The Merlin Centre, Cressex Business Park.
High Wycombe Buckinghamshire.
HP12 3QL.
or.
By signing up to receive our Newsletter by emailing .
Changing your preferences.
If you have previously said that you would like us to contact you ("opted-in") but would like to change or update the way that we do so, you can update your preferences by.
Contacting SEBO customer service and stating that you would like to change or update the way that we contact you.
Opt-Out/Stop Contacting Me.
If you want to stop receiving marketing or support communications from us (sometimes called "opting out"), you can do so at any time by.
Contacting SEBO customer service stating that you no longer wish to receive such communications.
Using the unsubscribe option included in all our e-mail marketing and support communications.
OR.
Emailing .
What personal information does SEBO share with third parties.
Third parties who provide services on our behalf.
We share your personal information with certain third parties who provide services on our behalf.
They only have access to the personal information they need to perform those services.
They are required to keep your personal information confidential and may not use it other than as we ask them to and always in accordance with this privacy policy.
The third parties who provide services on our behalf fall into the following categories.
Those helping us to deliver products to you.
Third parties that help us with, processing product purchases, audit services, administrative services, IT technologies (e.
g.
data storage), security services and insurance claims.
Other third parties.
We also share certain personal information with third parties who help us to detect and prevent fraudulent transactions.
The information we share with those third parties includes some of the information that you share with us (such as, your contact details and information about the transaction), and some of the information from your online interactions (such as the IP address of your device).
That information is used to determine whether a transaction could be fraudulent.
We will also share your personal information if we are required to do so by law, including in response to a legal process, such as a court order or to comply with other national or local laws.
We take responsibility for the personal information that you share with us and require those third parties with whom we share your personal information to apply the same level of privacy protection as is contained in this privacy policy.
We are committed to protecting your personal information.
We use appropriate technical and organisational measures.
We protect your personal information using a combination of physical and IT security controls, including access controls that restrict and manage the way in which your personal information and data is processed, managed and handled.
We also ensure that our staff are adequately trained in protecting your personal information.
Our procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we share your personal information with you.
In the unlikely event that we do suffer a security breach which compromises our protection of your personal information and we need to let you know about it, we will do so.
We host and store the information in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Those third parties that we share your personal information with may handle or transfer your personal information outside of the UK, and outside of the EEA, to other countries in which they have facilities.
We will make sure that both any transfer of your personal information by us or by the third parties that we share your personal information with, and our handling of your personal information, complies with those laws which apply to us.
In any case, our transfer, storage and handling of your personal information will continue to be governed by this privacy policy.
Follow Us.
Email.
.
Phone.
01494 465533.
SEBO (UK) Ltd, The Merlin Centre,Cressex Business Park,High Wycombe, HP12 3QL.
Quick Links.
Store Locator.
Help & Troubleshooting.
Support.
Blogs.
Downloads.
Awards.
Charity Collaborations.
Affiliate Program.
Contact Us.
Legal.
Terms & Conditions.
Shipping & Returns.
Competitions T&Cs.
Privacy Policy.
Cookie Policy.
