Privacy notice.
We are very delighted that you have shown interest in our enterprise.
Data protection is of a particularly high priority for Sensirion AG.
The use of the Internet pages of Sensirion AG is possible without any indication of personal data.
however, if a data subject wants to use special enterprise services via our website, processing of personal data could become necessary.
We also collect and maintain personal data of clients, suppliers, and other business partners and of people who work for them, or of people who provide us with business cards or other contact information, of people who use our contact form, of job applicants, employees, contractors, and investors.
If the processing of personal data is necessary, we rely on one or more of the following processing conditions.
to satisfy any legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject.
our legitimate interests in the effective delivery of products, information and services to you or the company you work for and in the effective and lawful operation of our business (provided these do not interfere with your rights).
to perform our obligations under a contract with you or the company you work for.
or where no other condition for processing is available, if you have given us consent to process your personal data for the relevant purpose.
The processing of personal data, such as the name, job title, company name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, or fax number of a data subject shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to Sensirion AG.
By means of this data protection declaration, our enterprise would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process.
Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.
As the controller, Sensirion AG has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to protect personal data from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction.
Although we use appropriate security measures once we have received your personal data, the transmission of data over the internet (including by e-mail) is never completely secure.
We endeavor to protect personal data, but we cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to or by us.
Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed.
For this reason, every data subject is free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means, e.
g.
by telephone.
When you provide personal data to us, we may us it for any purposes described in this Privacy Notice or as stated at the point of collection, or as obvious from the context of collection.
The data protection declaration of Sensirion AG is based on the terms used by the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our customers and business partners.
To ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.
In this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following terms.
a) Personal data.
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”).
An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
b) Data subject.
Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing.
c) Processing.
Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
d) Restriction of processing.
Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.
e) Profiling.
Profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.
f) Pseudonymisation.
Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.
g) Controller or controller responsible for the processing.
Controller or controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data.
where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Swiss law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Swiss law.
h) Processor.
Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.
i) Recipient.
Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not.
However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Swiss law shall not be regarded as recipients.
the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.
j) Third party.
Third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data.
k) Consent.
Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.
Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Switzerland or Member states of the European Union and other provisions related to data protection is.
Sensirion AGLaubisrütistrasse 508712 StäfaSchweiz.
Phone.
+41 44 306 40 00Email.
Website.
.
If you have any questions or complaints about this Privacy Notice or the way your personal data is processed, or if you would like to exercise one of your rights set out in this Privacy Notice, please contact us at this address (by mail, e-mail, or phone).
The Internet pages of Sensirion AG use cookies.
Cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an Internet browser.
Many Internet sites and servers use cookies.
Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID.
A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie.
It consists of a character string through which Internet pages and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored.
This allows visited Internet sites and servers to differentiate the individual browser of the data subject from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies.
A specific Internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie ID.
Through the use of cookies, Sensirion AG can provide the users of this website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting.
By means of a cookie, the information and offers on our website can be optimized with the user in mind.
Cookies allow us, as previously mentioned, to recognize our website users.
The purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to utilize our website.
The website user that uses cookies, e.
g.
does not have to enter access data each time the website is accessed, because this is taken over by the website, and the cookie is thus stored on the user's computer system.
Another example is the cookie of a shopping cart in an online shop.
The online store remembers the articles that a customer has placed in the virtual shopping cart via a cookie.
The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the Internet browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies.
Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an Internet browser or other software programs.
This is possible in all popular Internet browsers.
If the data subject deactivates the setting of cookies in the Internet browser used, not all functions of our website may be entirely usable.
The website of Sensirion AG collects a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the website.
This general data and information are stored in the server log files.
Collected may be (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers), (4) the sub-websites, (5) the date and time of access to the Internet site, (6) an Internet protocol address (IP address), (7) the Internet service provider of the accessing system, and (8) any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.
When using these general data and information, Sensirion AG does not draw any conclusions about the data subject.
Rather, this information is needed to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2) optimize the content of our website as well as its advertisement, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack.
Therefore, Sensirion AG analyzes anonymously collected data and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our enterprise, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process.
The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.
On the website of Sensirion AG, users are given the opportunity to subscribe to one or more of our enterprise's newsletters.
The input mask used for this purpose determines what personal data are transmitted, as well as when the newsletter is ordered from the controller.
Sensirion AG informs its customers, business partners, and other interested persons regularly by means of a newsletter about the enterprise and selected activities or developments.
The enterprise's newsletters may only be received by the data subject if (1) the data subject has a valid e-mail address and (2) the data subject registers for the newsletter shipping, or provides us his or her e-mail address at an exhibit and agrees to receive the Newsletter.
In any event, a confirmation e-mail will be sent to the e-mail address registered by a data subject to activate the newsletter shipping.
This confirmation e-mail is used to prove whether the owner of the e-mail address as the data subject is authorized to receive the newsletter.
During the registration for the newsletter, we also store the IP address of the computer system assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by the data subject at the time of the registration, as well as the date and time of the registration.
The collection of this data is necessary in order to understand the (possible) misuse of the e-mail address of a data subject at a later date, and it therefore serves the aim of the legal protection of the controller.
The personal data collected as part of a registration for the newsletter will only be used to send our newsletter.
In addition, subscribers to the newsletter may be informed by e-mail, as long as this is necessary for the operation of the newsletter service or a registration in question, as this could be the case in the event of modifications to the newsletter offer, or in the event of a change in technical circumstances.
The newsletter services are operated by third parties.
The subscription to our newsletter may be terminated by the data subject at any time.
To unsubscribe from a newsletter, a corresponding link is found in each newsletter.
It is also possible to unsubscribe by contacting the controller at the address mentioned above under section 2.
If a subscriber who unsubscribes from a newsletter wishes to request the erasure of his or her personal data, he or she may contact the controller at the address mentioned above under section 2.
The newsletter of Sensirion AG contains so-called tracking pixels.
A tracking pixel is a miniature graphic embedded in such e-mails, which are sent in HTML format to enable log file recording and analysis.
This allows a statistical analysis of the success or failure of online marketing campaigns.
Based on the embedded tracking pixel, Sensirion AG may see if and when an e-mail was opened by a data subject, and which links in the e-mail were called up by data subjects.
Such personal data collected in the tracking pixels contained in the newsletters are stored and analyzed by the controller in order to optimize the shipping of the newsletter, as well as to adapt the content of future newsletters even better to the interests of the data subject.
Third parties are collecting these data for us.
If the data subject wishes to request the erasure of his or her personal data collected through the tracking pixels, he or she may contact the controller at the address mentioned above under section 2.
The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to.
If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.
a) Right of confirmation.
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed.
If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact the controller.
b) Right of access.
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller free information about his or her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information.
Furthermore, the European directives and regulations grant the data subject access to the following information.
the purposes of the processing.
the categories of personal data concerned.
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations.
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period.
the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing.
the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source.
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organisation.
Where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.
If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he or she may, at any time, contact the controller.
c) Right to rectification.
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her.
Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact the controller.
d) Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten).
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary.
The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.
The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the GDPR.
The personal data have been unlawfully processed.
The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Swiss law to which the controller is subject.
The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR.
If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by Sensirion AG, he or she may, at any time, contact the controller.
An employee of Sensirion AG shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately.
Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not required.
An employees of Sensirion AG will arrange the necessary measures in individual cases.
e) Right of restriction of processing.
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies.
The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
The processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead the restriction of their use instead.
The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by Sensirion AG, he or she may at any time contact the controller.
Sensirion AG will arrange the restriction of the processing.
f) Right to data portability.
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
He or she shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
In order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject may at any time contact Sensirion AG.
g) Right to object.
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR.
This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
Sensirion AG shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
If Sensirion AG processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing.
This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing.
If the data subject objects to Sensirion AG to the processing for direct marketing purposes, Sensirion AG will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.
In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her by Sensirion AG for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
In order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may contact Sensirion AG.
In addition, the data subject is free in the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to use his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.
h) Automated individual decision-making, including profiling.
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) is not authorised by Union or Swiss law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is not based on the data subject's explicit consent.
If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) it is based on the data subject's explicit consent, the Sensirion AG shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and contest the decision.
If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual decision-making, he or she may, at any time, contact Sensirion AG.
i) Right to withdraw data protection consent.
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to withdraw his or her consent to processing of his or her personal data at any time.
If the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, he or she may, at any time, contact Sensirion AG.
The data controller shall collect and process the personal data of applicants for the purpose of the processing of the application procedure.
The processing may also be carried out electronically.
This is the case, in particular, if an applicant submits corresponding application documents by e-mail or by means of a web form on the website to the controller.
If the data controller concludes an employment contract with an applicant, the submitted data will be stored for the purpose of processing the employment relationship in compliance with legal requirements.
If no employment contract is concluded with the applicant by the controller and except where the applicant has given us its consent to store the application for future job vacancies that might be of interest to him or her, the application documents shall be automatically erased two months after notification of the refusal decision, provided that no other legitimate interests of the controller are opposed to the erasure.
Other legitimate interest in this relation is, e.
g.
a burden of proof in a procedure under the General Equal Treatment Act (AGG).
On this website, the controller has integrated components of the enterprise Facebook.
Facebook is a social network.
A social network is a place for social meetings on the Internet, an online community, which usually allows users to communicate with each other and interact in a virtual space.
A social network may serve as a platform for the exchange of opinions and experiences, or enable the Internet community to provide personal or business-related information.
Facebook allows social network users to include the creation of private profiles, upload photos, and network through friend requests.
The operating company of Facebook is Facebook, Inc.
, 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States.
If a person lives outside of the United States or Canada, the controller is the Facebook Ireland Ltd.
, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet website, which is operated by the controller and into which a Facebook component (Facebook plug-ins) was integrated, the web browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download display of the corresponding Facebook component from Facebook through the Facebook component.
An overview of all the Facebook Plug-ins may be accessed under (1).
During the course of this technical procedure, Facebook is made aware of what specific sub-site of our website was visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook, Facebook detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-site of our Internet page was visited by the data subject.
This information is collected through the Facebook component and associated with the respective Facebook account of the data subject.
If the data subject clicks on one of the Facebook buttons integrated into our website, e.
g.
the "Like" button, or if the data subject submits a comment, then Facebook matches this information with the personal Facebook user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
Facebook always receives, through the Facebook component, information about a visit to our website by the data subject, whenever the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook during the time of the call-up to our website.
This occurs regardless of whether the data subject clicks on the Facebook component or not.
If such a transmission of information to Facebook is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Facebook account before a call-up to our website is made.
The data protection guideline published by Facebook, which is available under (2), provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Facebook.
In addition, it is explained there what setting options Facebook offers to protect the privacy of the data subject.
In addition, different configuration options are made available to allow the elimination of data transmission to Facebook.
These applications may be used by the data subject to eliminate a data transmission to Facebook.
Related links.
developers.
facebook.
com        ↗            (1).
facebook.
com        ↗            (2).
On this website, the controller has integrated the component of Google Analytics (with the anonymizer function).
Google Analytics is a web analytics service.
Web analytics is the collection, gathering, and analysis of data about the behavior of visitors to websites.
A web analysis service collects, inter alia, data about the website from which a person has come (the so-called referrer), which sub-pages were visited, or how often and for what duration a sub-page was viewed.
Web analytics are mainly used for the optimization of a website and in order to carry out a cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.
The operator of the Google Analytics component is Google Inc.
, 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, United States.
For the web analytics through Google Analytics the controller uses the application "_gat.
_anonymizeIp".
By means of this application the IP address of the Internet connection of the data subject is abridged by Google and anonymised when accessing our websites from a Member State of the European Union or another Contracting State to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
The purpose of the Google Analytics component is to analyze the traffic on our website.
Google uses the collected data and information, inter alia, to evaluate the use of our website and to provide online reports, which show the activities on our websites, and to provide other services concerning the use of our Internet site for us.
Google Analytics places a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject.
The definition of cookies is explained above.
With the setting of the cookie, Google is enabled to analyze the use of our website.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and into which a Google Analytics component was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject will automatically submit data through the Google Analytics component for the purpose of online advertising and the settlement of commissions to Google.
During the course of this technical procedure, the enterprise Google gains knowledge of personal information, such as the IP address of the data subject, which serves Google, inter alia, to understand the origin of visitors and clicks, and subsequently create commission settlements.
The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which the access was made, and the frequency of visits of our website by the data subject.
With each visit to our Internet site, such personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, will be transmitted to Google in the United States of America.
These personal data are stored by Google in the United States of America.
Google may pass these personal data collected through the technical procedure to third parties.
The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies.
Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also prevent Google Analytics from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject.
In addition, cookies already in use by Google Analytics may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.
In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a collection of data that are generated by Google Analytics, which is related to the use of this website, as well as the processing of this data by Google and the chance to preclude any such.
For this purpose, the data subject must download a browser add-on under (1) and install it.
This browser add-on tells Google Analytics through a JavaScript, that any data and information about the visits of Internet pages may not be transmitted to Google Analytics.
The installation of the browser add-ons is considered an objection by Google.
If the information technology system of the data subject is later deleted, formatted, or newly installed, then the data subject must reinstall the browser add-ons to disable Google Analytics.
If the browser add-on was uninstalled by the data subject or any other person who is attributable to their sphere of competence, or is disabled, it is possible to execute the reinstallation or reactivation of the browser add-ons.
Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Google may be retrieved under (2) and under (3).
Google Analytics is further explained under (4).
Related links.
tools.
google.
com        ↗            (1).
google.
com        ↗            (2).
google.
com        ↗            (3).
google.
com        ↗            (4).
The controller has integrated components of the LinkedIn Corporation on this website.
LinkedIn is a web-based social network that enables users with existing business contacts to connect and to make new business contacts.
Over 400 million registered people in more than 200 countries use LinkedIn.
Thus, LinkedIn is currently the largest platform for business contacts and one of the most visited websites in the world.
The operating company of LinkedIn is LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court Mountain View, CA 94043, UNITED STATES.
For privacy matters outside of the UNITED STATES LinkedIn Ireland, Privacy Policy Issues, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland, is responsible.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a LinkedIn component (LinkedIn plug-in) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to the download of a display of the corresponding LinkedIn component of LinkedIn.
Further information about the LinkedIn plug-in may be accessed under (1).
During the course of this technical procedure, LinkedIn gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged in at the same time on LinkedIn, LinkedIn detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject - and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site - which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject.
This information is collected through the LinkedIn component and associated with the respective LinkedIn account of the data subject.
If the data subject clicks on one of the LinkedIn buttons integrated on our website, then LinkedIn assigns this information to the personal LinkedIn user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
LinkedIn receives information via the LinkedIn component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in at LinkedIn at the time of the call-up to our website.
This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the LinkedIn button or not.
If such a transmission of information to LinkedIn is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their LinkedIn account before a call-up to our website is made.
LinkedIn provides under (2) the possibility to unsubscribe from e-mail messages, SMS messages and targeted ads, as well as the ability to manage ad settings.
LinkedIn also uses affiliates such as Eire, Google Analytics, BlueKai, DoubleClick, Nielsen, Comscore, Eloqua, and Lotame.
The setting of such cookies may be denied under (3).
The applicable privacy policy for LinkedIn is available under (4).
The LinkedIn Cookie Policy is available under (5).
Related links.
developer.
linkedin.
com        ↗            (1).
linkedin.
com        ↗            (2).
linkedin.
com        ↗            (3).
linkedin.
com        ↗            (4).
linkedin.
com        ↗            (5).
On this website, the controller has integrated components of Twitter.
Twitter is a multilingual, publicly-accessible microblogging service on which users may publish and spread so-called ‘tweets,’ e.
g.
short messages.
These short messages are available for everyone, including those who are not logged on to Twitter.
The tweets are also displayed to so-called followers of the respective user.
Followers are other Twitter users who follow a user's tweets.
Furthermore, Twitter allows you to address a wide audience via hashtags, links or retweets.
The operating company of Twitter is Twitter, Inc.
, 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, UNITED STATES.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a Twitter component (Twitter button) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding Twitter component of Twitter.
Further information about the Twitter buttons is available under (1).
During the course of this technical procedure, Twitter gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.
The purpose of the integration of the Twitter component is a retransmission of the contents of this website to allow our users to introduce this web page to the digital world and increase our visitor numbers.
If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Twitter, Twitter detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject.
This information is collected through the Twitter component and associated with the respective Twitter account of the data subject.
If the data subject clicks on one of the Twitter buttons integrated on our website, then Twitter assigns this information to the personal Twitter user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
Twitter receives information via the Twitter component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in on Twitter at the time of the call-up to our website.
This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the Twitter component or not.
If such a transmission of information to Twitter is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Twitter account before a call-up to our website is made.
The applicable data protection provisions of Twitter may be accessed under (2).
Related links.
about.
twitter.
com        ↗            (1).
twitter.
com        ↗            (2).
On this website, the controller has integrated components of XING.
XING is an Internet-based social network that enables users to connect with existing business contacts and to create new business contacts.
The individual users can create a personal profile of themselves at XING.
Companies may, e.
g.
create company profiles or publish jobs on XING.
The operating company of XING is XING SE, Dammtorstraße 30, 20354 Hamburg, Germany.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a XING component (XING plug-in) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding XING component of XING.
Further information about the XING plug-in the may be accessed under (1).
During the course of this technical procedure, XING gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged in at the same time on XING, XING detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject.
This information is collected through the XING component and associated with the respective XING account of the data subject.
If the data subject clicks on the XING button integrated on our Internet site, e.
g.
the "Share"-button, then XING assigns this information to the personal XING user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
XING receives information via the XING component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in at XING at the time of the call to our website.
This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the XING component or not.
If such a transmission of information to XING is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she can prevent this by logging off from their XING account before a call-up to our website is made.
The data protection provisions published by XING, which is available under (2), provide information on the collection, processing and use of personal data by XING.
In addition, XING has published privacy notices for the XING share button under (3).
Related links.
dev.
xing.
com        ↗            (1).
xing.
com        ↗            (2).
xing.
com        ↗            (3).
On this website, the controller has integrated components of YouTube.
YouTube is an Internet video portal that enables video publishers to set video clips and other users free of charge, which also provides free viewing, review and commenting on them.
YouTube allows you to publish all kinds of videos, so you can access both full movies and TV broadcasts, as well as music videos, trailers, and videos made by users via the Internet portal.
The operating company of YouTube is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave.
, San Bruno, CA 94066, UNITED STATES.
The YouTube, LLC is a subsidiary of Google Inc.
, 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a YouTube component (YouTube video) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding YouTube component.
Further information about YouTube may be obtained under (1).
During the course of this technical procedure, YouTube and Google gain knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged in on YouTube, YouTube recognizes with each call-up to a sub-page that contains a YouTube video, which specific sub-page of our Internet site was visited by the data subject.
This information is collected by YouTube and Google and assigned to the respective YouTube account of the data subject.
YouTube and Google will receive information through the YouTube component that the data subject has visited our website, if the data subject at the time of the call to our website is logged in on YouTube.
this occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on a YouTube video or not.
If such a transmission of this information to YouTube and Google is not desirable for the data subject, the delivery may be prevented if the data subject logs off from their own YouTube account before a call-up to our website is made.
YouTube's data protection provisions, available under (2), provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by YouTube and Google.
Related links.
youtube.
com        ↗            (1).
google.
com        ↗            (2).
Our processing operations are usually based on Article 6(1) lit.
f GDPR.
This legal basis is used for processing operations which are necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data.
Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator.
He considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR).
Further, Art.
6(1) lit.
a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose.
If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit.
b GDPR.
The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services.
Is our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfillment of tax obligations, the processing is based on Art.
6(1) lit.
c GDPR.
In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person.
This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party.
Then the processing would be based on Art.
6(1) lit.
d GDPR.
Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit.
f GDPR our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders.
to interact with clients, suppliers, and other business partners and with people who work with or for them.
to effectively deliver products, services, or information to you or the company you work for.
to operate our business in effective and lawful way (provided this does not interfere with your rights).
or to interact with employees or job applicants.
We will retain your personal data on our systems only for as long as we need it, given the purposes for which it was collected, or as required to do so by law.
We keep contact information (such as mailing lists information) until a user unsubscribes or requests that we delete that information.
If you choose to unsubscribe from a mailing list, we may keep certain limited information about you so that we may honor your request.
We dispose resumes when they are no longer under consideration, unless you consent that your information is stored to alert you of future job vacancies that might be of interest to you.
We clarify that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.
g.
tax regulations) or can also result from contractual provisions (e.
g.
information on the contractual partner).
Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that the data subject provides us with personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us.
The data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us with personal data when our company signs a contract with him or her.
The non-provision of the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the data subject could not be concluded.
We do not intent to collect sensitive personal data unless we are legally required to so.
Examples of sensitive personal data include ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or beliefs, trade union membership, genetic or health status, sexual orientation, and criminal records.
If you choose to provide sensitive personal data to us for any reason, the act of doing so constitutes your explicit consent, where such consent is necessary and valid under your local law, for us to collect and use that information in the ways described in this Privacy Notice or as described by us and accepted by you at the point where you disclosed such information.
Before sensitive personal data is provided by the data subject, the data subject must contact the controller.
The controller clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the sensitive personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, and whether there is an obligation to provide the sensitive personal data and the consequences of non-provision of such data.
Do not provide sensitive personal data to Sensirion AG, unless you hereby consent to Sensirion’s use of that data for its legitimate business purposes and consent to the transfer and storage of such information to and in Sensirion’s databases.
We may transfer or disclose personal data we collect to our affiliates and to their third party contractors or subcontractors.
We may also transfer personal data to third party service providers who may use their own third party subcontractors.
When we transfer personal data, we do so for the purposes for which it has been submitted or as outlined in this Privacy Notice.
We may transfer personal data across geographical borders and store personal data in a country other than where you are based.
We do not transfer personal data to affiliates or third party providers unless they are bound to maintain appropriate security and confidentiality levels, to process the personal information only as instructed by us, and to pass on those same obligations down to their sub-processors.
If a recipient of personal data is located in a country that does not have an adequate data protection level, personal data will only be transferred under an agreement which satisfies EU data protection requirements for the transfer of personal data.
We do not sell personal data to third parties.
We do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.
You are here.
Home.
Legal notice.
Privacy notice.
Product catalog.
Support.
Technical downloads.
Newsroom.
Work at Sensirion.
Brand experience portal.
Developers platform.
Sensirion Automotive Solutions.
Sensirion Connected Solutions.
AiSight by Sensirion.
Qmicro by Sensirion.
Contact us.
Newsletter registration.
