Main navigation.
ioEYE PredictHow is it better.
FeaturesSecurity.
How is it better.
Features.
Security.
SolutionsIoT Vibration MonitoringPredictive MaintenanceCondition Based Maintenance.
IoT Vibration Monitoring.
Predictive Maintenance.
Condition Based Maintenance.
ResourcesBlogSupport.
Blog.
Support.
CompanyAbout usPartnersPartner with usContact us.
About us.
Partners.
Partner with us.
Contact us.
Search.
SenseGrow Privacy Statement.
Owner and Data Controller.
SenceGrow Inc.
Email.
.
This Privacy Policy statement is made by the SenseGrow Group consisting of SenseGrow Inc.
, USA and SenseGrow Technologies Private Limited, India (collectively, "SenseGrow", "we", "us" or "our") and is effective as of 25th May 2018.
SenseGrow’s Privacy Commitment.
Privacy is very important to us.
We also understand that privacy is very important to you.
This Privacy Statement tells you how we protect and use information that we gather through our websites, product websites,apps and our international affiliates websites.
We may change this Privacy Statement at any time and for any reason.
We encourage you to review this Privacy Statement each time you visit the web site.
By using this web site, you agree to the terms of the most recent version of this Privacy Statement.
Please read our Terms of Use to understand the general rules about your use of this web site.
Except as written in any other disclaimers, policies, terms of use, or other notices on this web site, this Privacy Statement and the Terms of Use are the complete agreement between you and SenseGrow Inc.
with respect to your use of this web site.
You may be subject to additional terms that may apply when you access particular services or materials on certain areas in this web site, or by following a link from this web site.
Scope of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy applies to all SenseGrow website, product websites,apps and our affiliates, who also operate other websites.
This Privacy Statement also applies to the other SenseGrow Inc.
web sites that reference it.
It also applies to the products and services provided by SenseGrow through these websites, our mobile applications, and applications posted by SenseGrow on its online marketplace and in other third-party online marketplaces.
Information SenseGrow Collects.
The Personal Information that we may collect broadly falls into the following categories.
Information that you provide us.
Information we collect automatically.
Information that we collect from third parties.
Information that you provide us.
In the course of interacting or using our Services and Products, you may provide Personal Information to us.
Personal Information is often, but not exclusively, provided to us in the following scenarios.
SignUp - We collect personal information like your name, phone number, email, company name and country to complete the account signup process.
After signing up, you may also provide additional information like your photo, timezone etc.
Payment Processing - When you purchase something from SenseGrow, we ask you to provide your credit card information or other payment information.
When you submit your card information, we store the name and address of the cardholder, the expiry date and the last four digits of the credit card number.
We do not store the actual credit card number.
For quick processing of future payments, if you have given us your approval, we may store your credit card information or other payment information in an encrypted format in the secured servers of our Payment Gateway Service Providers.
Form Submissions - We also collect information you submit when you fill forms for subscribing to our events, surveys, newsletter or mailing list, submit a form in order to download any materials from our portals, submit a form to request customer support or to contact SenseGrow for any other purpose.
Communicating with SenseGrow- We may record and use your communication with us via email, telephone, and chat conversations with us for improving our services to you and other customers.
Information we collect automatically.
When you visit our websites, we collect information that web browsers, mobile devices and servers make available, such as the IP address, browser type, language preference, time zone, referring URL, date and time of access, operating system, mobile device and mobile network information.
We record these in our log files to understand more about visitors to our websites.
We use cookies, tags, scripts, and other similar technologies to identify visitors, track your activities on our websites, gather information about visitors and users and track email campaign.
We also use other Google Analytics tracking technologies on our websites.
You can learn more about the cookies used on our websites here.
We also use first-party Local Storage Objects such as HTML5 to store content information and preferences to provide certain features.
We collect information about your use of our products and services from application logs and third-party usage analytics tools, and use it to understand how you interact with our product.
This information is used to improve our products user experience.
Information that we collect from third parties.
From time to time, we may obtain information about you from third-party sources, such as social media platforms and third-party data providers.
We take steps to ensure that such third parties are legally or contractually permitted to disclose such information to us.
There thirds parties include.
Authentication service providers like Microsoft and Google.
Referral partners who may have provided us your personal information.
Our reseller and service partners.
From other publicly available sources such as Twitter, Facebook etc.
Use of Information Collected.
We may use the Information we collect or receive about you for our legitimate business interests, including.
To enforce compliance with our Terms of Use and applicable law.
To meet legal requirements, including complying with court orders and other appropriate legal orders.
To provide information to representatives and advisors, including attorneys and accountants, to help us comply with legal, accounting, or security requirements.
To prosecute and defend a court, arbitration, or similar legal proceeding.
To respond to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
To provide, support and improve the Services.
To set up and maintain your account, and to do all other things required for providing our services.
To understand your engagement with our products and services, to monitor and prevent problems, and to improve our products and services.
To provide customer support, and to analyze and improve our customer interaction.
Other purposes.
To carry out other legitimate business purposes, as well as other lawful purposes.
Legal bases for collecting and processing information (EEA Persons Only).
If you are from the European Economic Area, our legal basis for collecting and using the Information described above will depend on the Information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
Most of our collection and processing activities are typically based on (i) contractual necessity, (ii) where such processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedom.
Our legitimate interests typically include.
improving, maintaining, providing, and enhancing our technology, products and services.
ensuring the security of the Services and our Website.
and for our marketing activities, or (iii) your consent.
Sometimes, we may be legally required to collect your information, or may need your personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
Where we rely on your consent as the legal basis, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place.
Where we rely on legitimate interests as the legal basis and those legitimate interests are not specified above, we will clearly explain to you what those legitimate interests are at the time that we collect your information.
Your Choices and Opt-Outs.
If you have opted in to our marketing emails can opt out of receiving marketing emails from us at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of our marketing messages.
However, you will continue to receive notices and essential transactional emails (such as service messages, account notifications, billing information) and emails necessary for account management, and you cannot opt out of these messages unless you cancel your account.
You can disable browser cookies before visiting our websites.
However, if you do so, you may not be able to use certain features of the websites properly.
You can choose not to provide non-mandatory fields when you submit any form linked to or posted on our websites.
How we Share Information.
We share your information only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy, and only with parties who adopt appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We do not sell any personal information.
We may share and disclose your information to the following types of third parties.
All SenseGrow group entities.
SenseGrow Inc.
, California, USASenseGrow Technologies Private Limited, India.
SenseGrow Inc.
, California, USA.
SenseGrow Technologies Private Limited, India.
SenseGrow Employees and independent contractors .
Employees and independent contractors of all SenseGrow group entities have access to the information on a need-to-know basis.
Our service providers.
Sometimes, we share your information with our third-party service providers, who help us provide and support our Services and other business-related functions.
Advertising partners.
We may partner with third-party advertising networks and exchanges to display advertising on our Websites or to manage and serve our advertising on other sites and may share Personal Information with them for this purpose.
Reselling partners .
We may share your personal information with our authorized reselling partners in your region, solely for the purpose of contacting you about products that you have downloaded or services that you have signed up for.
Any competent law enforcement body, regulatory body, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (a) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (b) to exercise, establish, or defend our legal rights, or (c) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person.
A potential buyer (and its agents and advisors) in the case of a sale, merger, consolidation, liquidation, reorganization, or acquisition.
In that event, any acquirer will be subject to our obligations under this privacy policy, including your rights to access and choice.
We will notify you of the change either by sending you an email or posting a notice on our Website.
Any other person with your consent.
Your Data Protection Rights.
If you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), you have the following rights with respect to information that SenseGrow holds about you as a controller.
Right to access .
You have the right to access (and obtain a copy of, if required) the categories of personal information that we hold about you, including the information's source, purpose and period of processing, and the persons to whom the information is shared.
Right to rectification .
You have the right to update the information we hold about you or to rectify any inaccuracies.
Based on the purpose for which we use your information, you can instruct us to add supplemental information about you in our database.
Right to erasure .
You have the right to request that we delete your personal information in certain circumstances, such as when it is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was originally collected.
Right to restriction of processing .
You may also have the right to request to restrict the use of your information in certain circumstances, such as when you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Right to data portability .
You have the right to transfer your information to a third party in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, in circumstances where the information is processed with your consent or by automated means.
Right to object .
You have the right to object to the use of your information in certain circumstances, such as the use of your personal information for direct marketing.
Right to complain .
You have the right to complain to the appropriate supervisory authority if you have any grievance against the way we collect, use or share your information.
This right may not be available to you if there is no supervisory authority dealing with data protection in your country.
How to exercise these rights.
Any requests to exercise your rights can be directed to the SenseGrow through the contact details provided in this privacy policy.
These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the SenseGrow as early as possible and always within one month.
Retention of Information.
We retain your personal information for as long as it is required for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy.
Sometimes, we may retain your information for longer periods as permitted or required by law, such as to maintain suppression lists, prevent abuse, if required in connection with a legal claim or proceeding, to enforce our agreements, for tax, accounting, or to comply with other legal obligations.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your Information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
International Transfers.
We share your personal information and service data within the SenseGrow Group.
By accessing or using our products and services or otherwise providing personal information or service data to us, you consent to the processing, transfer, and storage of your personal information or Service Data within the United States of America, the European Economic Area (EEA) and Republic of India and other countries where SenseGrow operates.
Such transfer is subject to a group company agreement that is based on EU Commission’s Model Contractual Clauses.
Data Sovereignty.
Customers retain control and ownership over the data that they choose to store with us, they also choose the geographical region in which they store their content.
We will not disclose or move your content unless legally required to do so.
We do not do any International Transfers For customers making a written request for "Data Sovereignty" to SenseGrow and clearly indicating the geographical region for storage of data.
We currently support the following geographical regions.
United States of America.
India.
California Privacy.
Under California Law, California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (a) a list of the categories of Personal Information, such as name, email, and mailing address, and the type of services provided to the customer that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third-parties’ direct marketing purposes, and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties.
To request the above information, please email us at .
Our Security.
We take appropriate and reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect Personal Information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the Personal Information.
We use third party data centers from Rackspace,Azure and AWS.
External links, Blogs and Forums.
Some content of our websites may contain links to websites that are not linked to this Privacy Policy.
If you submit your personal information to any of these third-party sites, your personal information is governed by their privacy policies.
We recommend that you not share any personal information with these third parties unless you've checked their privacy policies and assured yourself of their privacy practices.
We offer publicly accessible blogs and forums on our websites.
Please be aware that any information you provide on these blogs and forums may be used to contact you with unsolicited messages.
We urge you to be cautious in disclosing personal information in our blogs and forums.
SenseGrow is not responsible for the personal information you elect to disclose publicly.
Your posts and certain profile information may remain even after you terminate your account with SenseGrow.
To request the removal of your information from our blogs and forums, you can contact us at .
Our websites include social media widgets such as Facebook "like" buttons and Twitter "tweet" buttons that let you share articles and other information.
These widgets may collect information such as your IP address and the pages you navigate in the website, and may set a cookie to enable the widgets to function properly.
Your interactions with these widgets are governed by the privacy policies of the companies providing them.
Disclosures in compliance with legal obligations.
We may be required by law to preserve or disclose your personal information and service data to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, including to meet national security requirements.
Enforcement of our rights.
We may disclose personal information and service data to a third party if we believe that such disclosure is necessary for preventing fraud, investigating any suspected illegal activity, enforcing our agreements or policies, or protecting the safety of our users.
Business Ownership Change.
We will notify you via email of any change in ownership or in the uses of your personal information and service data.
Compliance with this Privacy Policy.
We make every effort, including periodic reviews, to ensure that personal information you provide is used in conformity with this Privacy Policy.
If you have any concerns about our adherence to this Privacy Policy or the manner in which your personal information is used, kindly write to us .
Changes to this Policy.
We may change this privacy policy at any time and from time to time.
The most recent version of the privacy policy is reflected by the version date located at the top of this privacy policy.
All updates and amendments are effective immediately upon notice, which we may give by any means, including, but not limited to, by posting a revised version of this privacy policy or other notice on the Websites.
We encourage you to review this privacy policy often to stay informed of changes that may affect you.
Our electronically or otherwise properly stored copies of this privacy policy are each deemed to be the true, complete, valid, authentic, and enforceable copy of the version of this privacy policy that was in effect on each respective date you visited the Website.
Product.
How is ioEYE Predict better.
Features.
Security.
Request Demo.
Solutions.
IoT Vibration Monitoring.
Predictive Maintenance (PdM).
Condition Based Maintenance (CBM).
Resources.
Blog.
Support.
Company.
About us.
Our Partners.
Become a Partner.
Contact us.
E-Waste Management.
Terms of Service.
Privacy.
Warranty.
Refund.
Cookie Policy.
‌.
‌.
‌.
