Privacy policy.
Last modification date.
Jun 9th, 2018.
Sensorbis collects data from your use of your account and from your devices.
Those data may include name, address, date of birth, e-mail address, preferred language, operating system name and version, browser name and version, IP address, data you provide through the use of the system or communications with us and data sent by your devices (such data could include their physical location).
For commercial entities, those data may also include company name and VAT number.
We collect your data to provide you with the service, for billing purposes, to communicate with you, to comply with the law and for usage statistics and analysis.
Data provided by you and your devices may be manipulated and aggregated for statistical and analytical purposes.
The resulting data may be publicly disclosed, without any information that could be used to identify you, your company or your devices.
Those data may be managed and stored using proprietary or third-party’s systems (e.
g.
“cloud services”) and may be transferred to, manipulated by and stored by third-party entities, referred to as Processors.
Processors are obliged to guarantee the same level of protection for the personal data and the same rights of data subject.
Processors could be located in EU or outside EU.
We may also transfer your data to a third company in case our company is merged with or acquired by such company.
The third company will be obliged to respect the present privacy policy.
If you act in behalf of a corporation, a partnership or an association, whether for profit or not for profit, or in behalf of a government entity, you agree that we may publicly reference its name as a customer of this service and we may display its logo in association with its name.
We may contact you to inform you about service notifications, changes, updates, upgrades and other purposes related to the utilization of the service.
The entity responsible for the collection and management of your data isSensorbis GmbHPater-Schwartz-Gasse 11A1150 WienAustriaYou have the rights to information, correction, deletion, restriction, data portability, revocation and opposition.
In order to exercise your rights or to obtain the list of Processors, you can send a written communication to the aforementioned address or send an e-mail to Your request will be fulfilled within one month from receipt.
Clearly unfounded or excessive requests, expecially in the case of frequent repetitions, by a data subject, can be either refused or subject to a reasonable remuneration.
The request to data deletion may also be refused if processing is required.
- to fulfill a legal obligation which makes the processing necessary under the Austrian law.
- for reasons of public interest in the field of public health.
- to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
Data strictly related to our bookkeping may be retained up to 7 years.
Your payment data are directly acquired by payment providers to fulfill your subscription requests and are not processed, collected or transmitted by Sensorbis.
Payment providers could be located in EU or outside EU.
Commercial use of your data.
If you provided your explicit consent, we may send you commercial emails containing offers, promotions and marketing communications from us or from third parties.
We will not give your data to third parties who could use them for marketing purposes or for other purposes not strictly related to the service without your explicit consent.
Cookies.
A cookie is a small file stored by the browser on the user's computer or other web-enabled device.
It holds a small amount of data specific to the website that writes it.
A cookie is accessible only from the domain for which it was created.
Sensorbis uses cookies to help make the website usable, optimise the user experience and manage statistical data.
Cookies may include user preferences, user provided data, user navigation data, identification codes of the user and services associated with the user.
Cookies are stored for a period of up to two years.
You can disable or delete the cookies following the guide for your browser.
Disabling the cookies could impair the functionality of the website.
Web storage.
A web storage is a set of data stored by the browser on the user's computer or other web-enabled device.
It holds data specific to the website that writes it.
A web storage is accessible only from the domain for which it was created.
Sensorbis uses a web storage to help make the website usable and optimise the user experience.
A web storage may include user preferences, user provided data, user navigation data, identification codes of the user and services associated with the user.
You can disable or delete the web storage following the guide for your browser.
Disabling the web storage could impair the functionality of the website.
