ProductsEmSPARK™ Security SuiteEmSPARK™ Partner PlatformsArrow ElectronicsMicrochipNVIDIANXP SemiconductorsSTMicroelectronicsVarisciteEmPOWER™ Lifecycle Management PlatformEngineering Design Services.
EmSPARK™ Security Suite.
EmSPARK™ Partner PlatformsArrow ElectronicsMicrochipNVIDIANXP SemiconductorsSTMicroelectronicsVariscite.
Arrow Electronics.
Microchip.
NVIDIA.
NXP Semiconductors.
STMicroelectronics.
Variscite.
EmPOWER™ Lifecycle Management Platform.
Engineering Design Services.
SolutionsSecure Edge GatewaySecure BootSecure Firmware UpdatesProtecting Intellectual Property at the EdgeSecure Software ProvisioningDevice Failure RecoverySecure Cloud Integration.
Secure Edge Gateway.
Secure Boot.
Secure Firmware Updates.
Protecting Intellectual Property at the Edge.
Secure Software Provisioning.
Device Failure Recovery.
Secure Cloud Integration.
Case StudiesLenovo Protects AI Models at the EdgeJohnson Controls & Building AutomationBoundary Alarm Secures the HomeProtecting Critical Intellectual PropertySecuring Industrial Automation Systems.
Lenovo Protects AI Models at the Edge.
Johnson Controls & Building Automation.
Boundary Alarm Secures the Home.
Protecting Critical Intellectual Property.
Securing Industrial Automation Systems.
ResourcesGet StartedFREE Evaluation KitEmSPARK™ Kit DescriptionsFAQDocumentationTrainingWebinarsWhitepapers.
Get StartedFREE Evaluation KitEmSPARK™ Kit DescriptionsFAQ.
FREE Evaluation Kit.
EmSPARK™ Kit Descriptions.
FAQ.
Documentation.
Training.
Webinars.
Whitepapers.
Partners.
AboutAbout UsOur TeamMediaThe SLI BlogEventsCareersContact.
About Us.
Our Team.
Media.
The SLI Blog.
Events.
Careers.
Contact.
Terms & Conditions & Privacy Policy.
1.
Introduction.
The "Sequitur Website" ("Site") shall mean the website operated by or on behalf of Sequitur Labs, Inc.
, a Washington corporation with a mailing address of P.
O.
Box 1127, Issaquah, WA 98027 (hereinafter "Sequitur" or "We/Us/Our") for your use, whether as a guest or a registered user.
2.
Terms.
By accessing this website, you are agreeing to be bound by these website Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.
If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this Site.
The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
3.
Disclaimer.
Except where expressly provided otherwise in an agreement between you and Sequitur, the materials on Sequitur’s website are provided "as is".
Sequitur makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, Sequitur does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this Site.
4.
Limitations.
In no event shall Sequitur or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Sequitur's Internet Site, even if Sequitur or a Sequitur authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage.
Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5.
Revisions and Errata.
The materials appearing on Sequitur's website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors.
Sequitur does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete, or current.
Sequitur may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice.
Sequitur does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6.
Links.
Sequitur has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site.
The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Sequitur of the site.
Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk.
7.
Site Terms of Use Modifications.
Sequitur may revise these terms of use for its website at any time without notice.
By using this website, you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8.
Governing Law.
Any claim relating to Sequitur's website shall be governed by the laws of the State of Washington without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
1.
Introduction.
Your privacy is very important to us.
This Privacy Policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online.
PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context.
Please read our Privacy Policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
This Privacy Policy applies to all personal information we collect about you.
For instance, when you.
visit our website(s).
purchase or use our products, solutions, or services.
register on our website.
contact customer support.
request information specific to your interests.
and.
interact with us as a job candidate/applicant.
On occasion, we may refer to additional privacy policies to convey specific privacy information that you need to be aware of.
This Privacy Policy may be modified at any time in order to comply with specific legal requirements.
2.
Who we are.
Sequitur Labs develops seminal technologies to improve trust in a connected world, reducing the cost and complexity to build secure embedded and IoT devices.
Sequitur’s products span a range of disciplines required for trusted computing, from boot through the full device lifecycle.
Sequitur’s security solutions provide real business value to device makers, such as reducing BoM costs, protecting revenue by thwarting IP theft, improving product reliability and reducing liability, and improving device lifecycle management processes.
When this Privacy Policy refers to “we”, “us” or “our”, it refers to Sequitur Labs Inc which under this Privacy Policy may act as a controller of your personal information.
namely, the entity who may be deciding how and why your personal information is being processed.
3.
Personal information we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app.
When registering on our Site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter.
name and last name.
email address, address, phone number, fax, company name, country.
login details (user name, password).
We may also collect.
traffic information such as time and/or duration of your interaction with the Site.
IP address of the devices you use to interact with the Site.
your actual or assumed location (determined by the information mentioned above).
information related to your interests (products or services that you are visiting on our website).
information related to your requests for information, requests for support with Sequitur Labs.
and.
cookies preferences.
4.
When we collect information.
We collect information from you when you.
register.
make a purchase.
sign up to receive our emails.
submit comments.
send a contact email via a contact form.
respond to a survey or marketing communication.
surf the Site.
or.
use other Site features.
5.
Why we collect your information.
We may collect personal information for different purposes, such as.
performance and execution of contracts.
direct marketing.
providing our products or services.
compliance with legal obligations.
security and maintenance reasons.
employment purposes.
6.
How we use your information.
We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways.
to send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
to send periodic emails regarding upcoming events or announcements.
to follow up after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries).
7.
How we safeguard your information.
We recognize our responsibility to protect the personal information we collect.
We make sure that our measures are in compliance with applicable data protection and data security laws.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures to prevent risks, such as accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to information.
We will also make sure that our external providers process your data in a secure and confidential manner.
Additionally, we make sure that these measures are in compliance with applicable data protection and data security laws.
For instance, we put in place the following measures in order protect your Personal Identifiable Information.
limiting physical access to our premises.
limiting access to personal information (for instance, only employees on a need to know basis have access to your Personal Identifiable Information).
requiring third-party providers to have acceptable security measures to keep personal information secure and putting in place physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in line with industry standards.
using regular malware scanning.
requiring an SSL certificate to protect login credentials and other Personal Identifiable Information.
We never ask for credit card numbers.
In the event that your data is compromised, we will notify you and competent Supervisory Authority(ies) within 72 hours by email with information about the extent of the breach, affected data, any impact on service and Sequitur Labs' action plan for measures to secure the data and limit any possible detrimental effect on the data subjects.
"Personal data breach" means a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, personal data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed in connection with our services.
8.
How long we retain your information.
We retain your personal information as long as it is necessary to fulfill the specific purposes, as explained under the section “Why we collect your information”.
In certain cases, a longer retention of your personal information might be required according to legal obligations.
In all other cases, we delete your Personal Identifiable Information once the purpose of processing your information is fulfilled.
You can see, edit, or delete your registered Personal Identifiable Information at any time (except username) by logging into your account or contacting us.
Website administrators can also see and edit this information.
9.
Where we send your information.
We will not send your personal information to a recipient outside the European Economic Area (EEA) without obtaining your consent or otherwise complying with applicable data protection laws.
In order to fulfill the purposes mentioned under this Privacy Policy, we or third parties (see “Third Party Disclosure”) may disclose your personal information to recipients outside of the country where you are located.
Transfers of personal information outside (EEA) require an adequate level of protection.
10.
Cookies.
See our Cookie Declaration at sequiturlabs.
com/cookies for information on the cookies we use.
11.
Third-party Disclosure.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice.
This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our Site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
12.
Third-party links.
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google.
We have implemented the following.
Demographics and Interests Reporting.
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies), third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie), or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out.
Users can opt out by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
13.
Embedded Content.
Content on this Site may include embedded content (e.
g.
videos, images, articles, etc.
).
Embedded content from other websites behave in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged into that website.
14.
Your Rights.
If you have an account on this Site, or have left comments, you can.
access and modify your Personal Identifiable Information (via.
.
request to receive an exported, readable file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us.
request that we erase any personal data we hold about you (does not apply to any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes).
restrict or object to the processing activity of your information.
pose any questions related to your personal information and its protection.
CAN SPAM Act.
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to.
send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
market to our mailing list(s) or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CAN SPAM, we agree to the following.
not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails you can.
email us at Email.
follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.
uncheck email updates in your user profile.
and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Please note that even if you choose not to receive electronic communications from us, our terms and conditions and policies, such as Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions, will still govern your use of our Site, including any products you request.
15.
Your Consent.
By using our Site, you consent to this Privacy Policy.
16.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy and Website Terms and Conditions may change from time to time.
Check our website frequently to see recent changes.
We may notify you by email of such changes (unless you have told us not to).
Continued use of our Site will signify that you agree to any such changes.
Unless we expressly state otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information we have about you.
Last Edited on 2021-10-28.
17.
Contacting Us.
If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Find Us.
Call Us.
Email Us.
Email.
Follow Us.
EmSPARK™.
EmPOWER™.
Resources.
Partners.
About.
Media.
Contact.
Terms & Conditions & Privacy Policy.
Cookie Declaration.
Log In.
Privacy Overview.
