Facebook.
Twitter.
YouTube.
LinkedIn.
Facebook.
Twitter.
YouTube.
LinkedIn.
HOME.
PARTNERS.
CONTACT US.
CAREERS.
English简体中文FrançaisDeutsch日本語Español.
简体中文.
Français.
Deutsch.
日本語.
Español.
COMPANYAbout UsCareers.
About Us.
Careers.
PRODUCTSArc Seam FindingArc Seam TrackingArc Weld InspectionLaser Seam TrackingLaser Weld InspectionMaterial HandlingPlasma Cutting & BevelingPortable InspectionPortable WeldingProcess MonitoringSoftware.
Arc Seam Finding.
Arc Seam Tracking.
Arc Weld Inspection.
Laser Seam Tracking.
Laser Weld Inspection.
Material Handling.
Plasma Cutting & Beveling.
Portable Inspection.
Portable Welding.
Process Monitoring.
Software.
APPLICATIONSDefenseOff-RoadPower GenerationRobotic DispensingStructuresTank & VesselTransportationTube & Pipe.
Defense.
Off-Road.
Power Generation.
Robotic Dispensing.
Structures.
Tank & Vessel.
Transportation.
Tube & Pipe.
NEWS.
SUPPORTService RequestSpare PartsTraining.
Service Request.
Spare Parts.
Training.
CONTACT USContact UsLocationsDirections.
Contact Us.
Locations.
Directions.
Privacy Policy.
What Does This Privacy Policy Cover.
SERVO-ROBOT is committed to your right to privacy.
This privacy policy explains how we may use or disclose information that we obtain from or about you through your use or in connection with your use of our website.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, the term “website” or “websites” identifies all web pages found on or related to the following URL’s.
servorobot.
com,servo-robot.
com,servorobot.
caservorobot.
cnservorobot.
com.
cnwiki-scan.
com.
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us at .
How Do We Collect Personal Information.
SERVO-ROBOT provides access on or through its website to a wide range of content, services, and media.
Users may subscribe to electronic news letters, request brochures, service, and spare parts, inquire about training sessions, and apply for job opportunities.
SERVO-ROBOT may require you to voluntarily provide personal information that we use to facilitate all of these features.
In some cases, SERVO-ROBOT may receive your personal information through third-party job recruiters or placement services.
What Personal Information We Collect.
Personal information may include your name and contact information, like your company name, mailing address, phone number, user or login name, password, or email address.
Personal information also includes any written text or communications, notes, or inquiries that you provide either on our website or by e-mail communication directly or indirectly with SERVO-ROBOT.
For job applicants, personal information may also include information about yourself including information on your resume, curriculum vitae (CV), cover letter, or other correspondence or submission made available to SERVO-ROBOT.
How We Use Your Personal Information.
SERVO-ROBOT uses (or “processes”) personal information in order to respond to queries or requests, fulfill orders, schedule service or training, and to evaluate job candidates against current openings and placement needs.
You consent to these processes by providing your personal information or applying for particular job openings at SERVO-ROBOT.
You may update your personal information or “opt out” from receiving certain communications and correspondence from us at any time through email correspondence sent to Job applicants may also update their personal information or “opt out” from evaluation at any time through email correspondence sent to .
Retention of Your Personal Information.
SERVO-ROBOT will retain your personal information as long as necessary to fulfill respect processes, as well as to fulfill any obligations under applicable law.
Rights of Data Owners in and to their Personal Information.
Where applicable law requires (and subject to any exceptions), you may have the right to request SERVO-ROBOT to provide you with your personal information or to delete your personal information that is held by us.
You may also have the right to restrict or object to use or processing of your personal information.
You may exercise these rights by contacting us through email correspondence sent to .
Disclosure and Access to Personal Information.
SERVO-ROBOT considers your use of our website to be private.
However, SERVO-ROBOT may access or disclose information about you and/or the content of your communications with us, in order to.
(1) comply with the law or legal process served on SERVO-ROBOT.
(2) enforce and investigate potential violations of our Terms of Use, including use of this site to participate in, or facilitate, activities that violate the law.
or (3) protect the rights, property, or safety of SERVO-ROBOT employees, customers, or the public.
From time to time, SERVO-ROBOT may also disclose information to selected business partners, or other third parties offering products or services in which you may be interested, provided that such third parties agree to comply with the provisions of this Privacy Policy with respect to the use of your personal information.
You consent to the access and disclosures outlined in this section.
Transfer of Personal Data Outside of Canada.
SERVO-ROBOT maintains its headquarters in Saint-Bruno-de-Montarville, Quebec, Canada.
The personal information that you provide to us through our website may be transferred to countries outside of Canada, for example, if any of our servers are located in a country outside of Canada or one of our service providers is located in a country outside of Canada.
These countries may not have data protection laws that are similar to Canada.
If we transfer your personal information outside of Canada, we will take steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected in these receiving countries.
In addition, if you use our services while you are outside Canada, your information may be transferred outside Canada in order to provide you with those services.
We may use third parties for the fulfillment of our obligations herein.
How We Collect Non-Personal Information.
SERVO-ROBOT may obtain non-personal information from your use of our website and through the use of commonly-used information-gathering tools.
These tools may include “Cookies,” which are pieces of information shared between your web browser and a website.
Non-personal information may include information about the browser that you use to access the site, the operating system that you are running, what items you clicked on the applicable web page, how long you viewed a certain page, and information about the website you accessed immediately before you accessed our website.
SERVO-ROBOT may aggregate your non-personal information with the non-personal information of other users of SERVO-ROBOT’s website or of other non-personal information collected offline.
SERVO-ROBOT also may collect anonymous aggregated information, like general traffic patterns within our website, to help maintain the flow and content of the website.
Any and all of this non-personal information may be used to support SERVO-ROBOT’s commercial, marketing, and customer service activities, or for any other reason.
Use of Cookies.
Use of cookies enables a faster and easier experience for the user.
A cookie cannot read data off your computer’s hard drive.
For information on cookies, please refer to .
There are different kinds of cookies with different functions.
Session cookies.
These are only stored on your computer during your web session.
They are automatically deleted when the browser is closed.
They usually store an anonymous session ID allowing you to browse a website without having to log in to each page.
They do not collect any information from your computer.
Persistent cookies A persistent cookie is one stored as a file on your computer, and it remains there when you close your web browser.
The cookie can be read by the website that created it when you visit that website again.
First-party cookies The function of this type of cookie is to retain your preferences for a particular website for the entity that owns that website.
They are stored and sent between SERVO-ROBOT’s servers and your computer’s hard drive.
They are not used for anything other than for personalization as set by you.
These cookies may be either Session or Persistent cookies.
Third-party cookies The function of this type of cookie is to retain your interaction with a particular website for an entity that does not own that website.
They are stored and sent between the third-party’s server and your computer’s hard drive.
These cookies are usually Persistent cookies.
We generally use cookies as follows.
Functionality.
Some cookies allow our Sites to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced features.
For instance, a Site may be able to remember your log in details, so that you do not have to repeatedly sign in to your account when using a particular device to access our Sites.
These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, font and other parts of web pages that you can customize.
They may also be used to provide services you have requested such as viewing a video or commenting on an article.
The information these cookies collect is usually anonymized.
They do not gather any information about you that could be used for advertising or remember where you have been on the internet.
Performance Some cookies collect information about how visitors use a Site, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages.
They also allow us to record and count the number of visitors to a Site, all of which enables us to see how visitors use a Site in order to improve the way that the Site works.
The information these cookies collect is normally anonymous and is used to improve how our Sites works.
However, some of these cookies may include Personal Information.
Please consult your web browser’s ‘Help’ documentation or visit  for more information about how to turn cookies on and off for your browser.
Marketing.
These cookies are used to deliver content relevant to your interests on a Site and third party sites based on how you interact with our advertisements or content.
Use of Web Beacons.
Other tools include “Web Beacons,” which are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of information on your computer, such as cookies, when you view our website tied to the web beacon, and a description of the website tied to the web beacon.
SERVO-ROBOT may use web beacons to operate and improve our website and e-mail communications.
Web beacons can be used alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about users’ usage of our website and interaction with e-mails.
SERVO-ROBOT may use information from web beacons in combination with other data we have about our clients to provide you with information about SERVO-ROBOT and our services.
SERVO-ROBOT may conduct this review on an anonymous basis.
Use of Google Analytics.
SERVO-ROBOT may use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
(“Google”).
Google Analytics uses cookies to help websites analyze how users use the site.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the applicable website, compiling reports on website activity, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage for SERVO-ROBOT.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of our website.
By using our website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Links To Other Websites.
Our website may contain third-party links that provide access to other websites, not maintained by SERVO-ROBOT or its affiliates.
If you click on these third-party links, you will be directed from our website to another external website, which SERVO-ROBOT has no control over and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, practices, or services.
Your use of any external website is not governed by this privacy policy.
Children’s Privacy.
SERVO-ROBOT does not knowingly solicit, collect, or retain information from any individuals who are under fourteen (14) years of age.
If we learn that we have obtained personal information of a child under 14, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
How We Secure Your Information.
To prevent unauthorized access to your personal information, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of such information, SERVO-ROBOT has put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures as well as encryption and transaction security software to attempt to safeguard and secure the information SERVO-ROBOT obtains from this website.
However, no safeguards or security procedures or software is completely effective, and we do not guarantee the absolute security of any information provided to SERVO-ROBOT through use of our website.
Policy Revisions.
SERVO-ROBOT reserves the right to revise this Privacy Policy from time to time in our discretion.
If SERVO-ROBOT makes modifications, SERVO-ROBOT will post the revised Privacy Policy on the website, which will take effect immediately upon posting.
It is your responsibility to periodically review this Privacy Policy.
Last Update.
February 4, 2019.
TRADESHOWS & EVENTS.
近期展会.
EXPOSITIONS & AUTRES ÉVÈNEMENTS.
MESSEN UND ANDERE EVENTS.
トレードショーとその他のイベント.
EXPOSICIONES Y EVENTOS.
SERVO-ROBOT NEWS.
AUTOMATICA 2022.
AUTOMATE 2022.
Global Industrie 2022.
iREX 2022.
SERVO-ROBOT LOCATIONS.
Terms and Conditions.
Privacy Policy.
Facebook.
Twitter.
YouTube.
LinkedIn.
We are using cookies on our website.
Please accept or decline our tracking cookies.
If you choose to decline, there will be no data tracking when you visit our website.
