Ms.
cindy                            What can I do for you.
Contact Now.
Home.
ProductsPolyester Woven Fabric Polyester Knitting Fabric.
Polyester Woven Fabric.
Polyester Knitting Fabric.
About Us.
Send Inquiry.
Contact.
Shaoxing City Shengfeng Import And Export Co.
,Ltd.
Home.
Products Polyester Woven Fabric  > Polyester Pigment Print FabricPolyester Disperse Print FabricPolyester Plain FabricPolyester Plain Dyed FabricPolyester Plain Voile FabricPolyester Knitting Fabric.
Polyester Woven Fabric  > Polyester Pigment Print FabricPolyester Disperse Print FabricPolyester Plain FabricPolyester Plain Dyed FabricPolyester Plain Voile Fabric.
Polyester Pigment Print Fabric.
Polyester Disperse Print Fabric.
Polyester Plain Fabric.
Polyester Plain Dyed Fabric.
Polyester Plain Voile Fabric.
Polyester Knitting Fabric.
About Us.
Send Inquiry.
Contact.
Privacy Policy.
Introduction and overview.
Your trust is very important to us.
We are well aware of the importance of personal information to you.
We will take corresponding security protection measures in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations and try our best to protect your personal information in a safe and controllable manner.
This privacy policy explains how we collects, uses, shares and processes your information and your rights and choices related to that information.
This privacy policy applies to all personal information collected in any written, electronic and oral communication, or personal information collected online or offline, including.
our website and any other emails.
Before accessing or using our services, please read and understand this policy carefully.
If you cannot agree to this policy, please do not access or use our services.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, you can temporarily stop using it and contact us through our published contact information.
When you use the services we provide, it means that you have agreed to our collection, processing, storage, use and protection of your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy.
The right to modify this policy.
We can modify this policy at any time without notice, and the changes may apply to any personal information we already hold about you, as well as any new personal information collected after the modification.
If we make changes, we will notify you by modifying the effective date or the last modified date at the top of this policy.
If we make any major changes to the way we collect, use or disclose your personal information that affects your rights under this policy, we will notify you in advance.
Instant information.
In addition, we may provide you with real-time disclosure or additional information about the personal information handling practices of certain parts of our services.
Such notices may supplement this policy or provide you with other choices about how we handle your personal information.
This privacy policy section will help you understand the following.
1.
How we collect and use your personal information.
2.
How do we use cookies and similar technologies.
3.
How do we protect your information.
4.
How do you manage your information.
5.
Contact us.
We respect the privacy of our website visitors and users of our products and services, and we are committed to protecting their privacy by complying with this policy.
In order to improve service quality and user experience, we will retain information about your service use and related usage methods.
The functions of different products are different.
The collection of fields depends on your system.
The information is explained as follows.
(1) Personal information you actively provide in the process of providing you with products or services.
In order to realize the business functions of website, we need to collect your personal information.
The personal information you actively provide during the process of products or services will be listed below in order to realize the basic business functions of website and what needs to be collected to realize this function.
Personal information.
If you refuse to provide the personal information collected to realize a certain function, you cannot use the business function.
Please note that if you provide personal information of another person, please ensure that you have obtained the authorization of the relevant subject.
1.
Member service.
In order to register as a member and use our member service, you need to provide your company name, name, collection, contact person, and email address to create a platform account.
If you only need to use browsing and search services, you do not need to register as our member and provide the above information.
We mainly collect your company information (company name, company business license, unified social credit code, company contact address, phone number, fax, main products, company description), account information (contact, email address, mobile phone) and released products information.
We may combine and manage subscriptions based on one or more of the above options in order to provide you with page displays and recommend personalized content that better suits your needs.
The purpose of collecting this information is to implement the terms of service of website and provide you with the services we promised, so that potential partners or our staff can contact you in time, facilitate the conclusion of trade cooperation, or solve possible problems The problem.
You can log in to the background to modify some of the above contents through your email or login name.
2.
Company and product information.
You need to provide your company name, company business license, unified social credit code, your or company contact information, product detailed information, so that potential partners or our staff can get it from you in time Contact to facilitate the conclusion of trade cooperation or solve possible problems.
Email.
When you send emails or other communications to our website, we will keep these communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and provide you with better services.
(2) Personal information that we actively collect and use in providing products or services to you.
During your use of our services, in order to identify the abnormal status of your account, understand the suitability of the product, and provide you with page displays and search results that are more suitable for your needs, we may automatically collect your usage and store it as web log information.
include.
1.
Equipment information.
We will receive and record the equipment-related information you use (including but not limited to equipment model, operating system version, equipment settings, IP address, operator information), equipment Information about your location.
2.
Service log information.
When you use the products or services provided on our website, we will automatically collect your detailed usage of our services and save it as a service log, including but not limited to browsing, clicking to view, and following sharing information.
(3) Other uses.
To provide you with services, improve our service quality, and optimize your service experience, we will use your personal information in compliance with legal regulations or under your authorization.
1.
We may use your personal information to verify your identity, prevent, detect, and investigate possible fraud, endangering security, illegal or violating our or affiliate agreements, policies or rules, to protect you, other users, The legitimate rights and interests of us or related parties.
2.
Let you participate in surveys about our products and services to improve your user experience and improve the quality of our services.
3.
Other purposes approved or authorized by you.
(1) Cookie.
In order to ensure the normal operation of the website, provide you with a more relaxed visit experience, and recommend you content that may be of interest to you, we will store cookies, Flash cookies, or other identifiers provided by your browser on your computer or mobile device , Site name, and local storage of some numbers and characters (collectively referred to as "Cookies").
With the help of cookies, websites can store data such as your preferences.
If your browser or browser additional services allow it, you can modify your acceptance of cookies or reject our cookies.
But if you do this, in some cases, it may affect your safe access to our website, and you may need to change your user settings every time you visit our website.
(2) Other tracking technologies.
The pages of our website and our emails may contain small electronic files called web beacons.
For example, these files allow us to count the users who have visited or opened these pages.
Email and other related website conversion statistics.
(1) To protect your information security, we strive to adopt various physical, electronic, and management security measures that meet industry standards to protect your personal information and prevent your personal information from unauthorized access, public disclosure, and Use, modification, damage or loss.
We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that no personal information is collected that has nothing to do with the realization of service functions.
(2) The information and data about you collected by website may be stored and processed at the location of our company and/or our affiliated companies, or may be stored and processed at the subject that we believe is necessary to know such information.
handle.
When you cancel your account, we will delete your personal information.
Unless otherwise required by laws and regulations, we will only retain your personal information for the time necessary to achieve the purpose, and delete or anonymize your personal information after the above retention time is exceeded.
(3) The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment.
We strongly recommend that you use a secure method and use a complex password to help us ensure the security of your account.
The Internet environment is not 100% secure, and we will do our best to ensure the security of any information you send to us.
If our physical, technical, or management protection facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of information, resulting in damage to your legitimate rights and interests, we will bear the corresponding legal responsibility.
(4) After the unfortunate occurrence of an information security incident, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations.
the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, and you can independently prevent and reduce Risk suggestions, remedial measures for you.
We will promptly inform you about the incident by email, letter, telephone, and push notification.
When it is difficult to inform the information subject one by one, we will adopt a reasonable and effective way to issue an announcement.
(5) Sharing information.
We respect your information privacy and will never share our customers' personal information with any third party.
We attach great importance to your attention to personal information, and do our best to protect your rights to inquire, correct, delete, cancel your account, and withdraw your consent to your personal information, so that you have sufficient ability to protect your privacy and security.
You can access and manage your information in the following ways.
(1) Query, correct and supplement your information.
You have the right to inquire, correct or supplement your information.
You can do it yourself in the following ways.
You can view, modify and supplement your personal information in personal information-basic information and store management-contact information after logging in to your account on the computer.
(2) Delete your information.
You can delete part of your information in the manner listed in "(1) Inquiry, Correction and Supplement of Your Information".
In the following situations, you can request us to delete personal information.
1.
If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations.
2.
If we collect and use your personal information without obtaining your explicit consent.
3.
If our handling of personal information seriously violates our agreement with you.
4.
If you no longer use our products or services, or you voluntarily cancel your account.
5.
If we no longer provide you with products or services forever.
If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the subjects who obtained your personal information from us as much as possible at the same time, and require them to delete it in time (unless laws and regulations provide otherwise, or these subjects have independently obtained your authorization) .
When you or we assist you in deleting relevant information, due to applicable laws and security technologies, we may not be able to delete the corresponding information from the backup system immediately.
We will safely store your personal information and further process and isolate it.
Until the backup can be cleared or achieved anonymity.
(3) Cancel your account.
You can contact online customer service or call the customer service hotline  for help to assist you in applying for cancellation of your account.
After you actively cancel your account, we will stop providing you with products or services, delete your personal information or make it anonymized in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws.
Home.
Product.
Phone.
About Us.
Inquiry.
