Who We Are          Locations          Leadership          Board of Trustees          Corporate Officers          News          Corporate Social Responsibility​          Diversity, Equity and Inclusion          Our History.
Locations.
Leadership          Board of Trustees          Corporate Officers.
Board of Trustees.
Corporate Officers.
News.
Corporate Social Responsibility​.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion.
Our History.
What We Do          Deliver Solutions for Space          Connect the Space Enterprise​          Shape the Future of Space​          Outpace the Threat​          Drive Innovation.
Deliver Solutions for Space.
Connect the Space Enterprise​.
Shape the Future of Space​.
Outpace the Threat​.
Drive Innovation.
Partner With Us          Space Policy (CSPS)​          Orbital Debris Expertise (CORDS)​          Commercial Space Futures (CSF)​          International Partnerships          Space Safety Institute (SSI)​          Space Warfighter Initiative (SWI).
Space Policy (CSPS)​.
Orbital Debris Expertise (CORDS)​.
Commercial Space Futures (CSF)​.
International Partnerships.
Space Safety Institute (SSI)​.
Space Warfighter Initiative (SWI).
Careers          Our Culture          Experienced Professionals​          Students and Recent Graduates​          Benefits          Recruitment Events​          Virtual Tours​.
Our Culture.
Experienced Professionals​.
Students and Recent Graduates​.
Benefits.
Recruitment Events​.
Virtual Tours​.
Resources          Technical Workshops          Publications          License Our Technology​.
Technical Workshops.
Publications.
License Our Technology​.
Search.
Aerospace Website Privacy Policy.
Revised Date.
June 1, 2021.
This Privacy Policy describes The Aerospace Corporation’s (“we”, “us”, “our”) policies and practices for handling information from visitors of our website.
This Privacy Policy applies to aerospace.
org and other external websites maintained and controlled by Aerospace Corporation (the “Sites”).
You might find external links to third-party websites on our website.
This privacy policy applies only to personal information collected on this website and does not apply to your use of any third-party websites that you may visit through links on our website.
I.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION.
We may collect the following information whenever you use our website regardless of where you visit from.
Information you provide directly to usPersonal Information, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number or any other identifier by which you may be contactedSurvey Responses, including interests, preferencesCorrespondence you send to us.
Personal Information, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number or any other identifier by which you may be contacted.
Survey Responses, including interests, preferences.
Correspondence you send to us.
Information we collect automaticallyWe use Google Analytics and other third-party services to monitor traffic patterns on the website and collect certain information automatically such as internet protocol (IP) address.
device type and browser version, location, date and time of visit, pages you visit, search terms and actions taken on the page, and other website performance indicatorsIf you have opted-in to share data with other specific third-party services, that data also may be available to us and collected to improve website performance and contentWe may aggregate or de-identify the information described above.
Aggregated or de-identified data is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
We use Google Analytics and other third-party services to monitor traffic patterns on the website and collect certain information automatically such as internet protocol (IP) address.
device type and browser version, location, date and time of visit, pages you visit, search terms and actions taken on the page, and other website performance indicators.
If you have opted-in to share data with other specific third-party services, that data also may be available to us and collected to improve website performance and content.
We may aggregate or de-identify the information described above.
Aggregated or de-identified data is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Information we collect from employment applicationsAerospace utilizes Workday®, a third-party application hosted by a third-party cloud service provider, for its job openings submission process via the Aerospace Careers site.
By applying to an open position, you acknowledge and consent that any personal information, including sensitive personally identifiable information, you provide may be stored and processed through Workday for Aerospace’s use for job opening evaluation activities.
Please note that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your e-mail address and password when creating and subsequently logging into the Workday application portal.
You are also responsible for keeping the information you provide accurate and up to date.
Aerospace utilizes Workday®, a third-party application hosted by a third-party cloud service provider, for its job openings submission process via the Aerospace Careers site.
By applying to an open position, you acknowledge and consent that any personal information, including sensitive personally identifiable information, you provide may be stored and processed through Workday for Aerospace’s use for job opening evaluation activities.
Please note that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your e-mail address and password when creating and subsequently logging into the Workday application portal.
You are also responsible for keeping the information you provide accurate and up to date.
II.
USE OF INFORMATION.
We use and otherwise process each of the categories of information identified in Section I for the following business purposes.
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information.
To respond to your inquiries.
To notify you of events, programs and other developments and services.
To process employment applications.
To operate, evaluate and improve our services and to ensure that content is presented in the most relevant and effective manner for you and for your device.
To administer our services, including troubleshooting, data analytics, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
To protect our services and business from cybersecurity and other security events, fraud and other unlawful activity, claims and other liabilities, and to protect or exercise our legal rights.
To comply with applicable laws, regulations.
and.
Otherwise with your consent.
III.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION.
We do not disclose personal information we collect about you, except as described in this privacy notice.
We may share your personal information with certain third parties, including as described below.
Third-party vendors and service providers.
We may share your information with third-party vendors and service providers that provide services to us for a variety of business purposes, such as but not limited to, recruiting and employment matters, email marketing communications, event registration, analytics and video metrics for our website, videoconferencing service, security and performance monitoring.
Legal purposes.
We may disclose information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims or government inquiries, and to protect and defend the rights, interests, safety, and security of our company, our affiliates, our visitors, or the public.
With your consent.
We may share information for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect the information or pursuant to your consent.
If you access third-party services through our website, these third-party services may be able to collect information about you, including information about your activity on our website in accordance with their own privacy policies.
If you choose to engage in public activities on our website, you should be aware that any information you share there can be read, collected, or used by other visitors of these areas.
You should use caution in disclosing information while participating in these areas.
We are not responsible for the information you choose to submit in public areas.
IV.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES.
Our website uses tracking technology known as “cookies”.
A cookie is a small text file that is saved on your device when you visit a website.
They allow our website to recognize your computer or device and remember if you've visited the website previously.
Cookies are widely used to add functionality to a website, to make a website work more efficiently, and to provide metrics on how a website is used by visitors.
For further details on our use of cookies and how you can change the way your browser manages cookies, please refer to our Cookie Policy.
Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms.
Some mobile and web browsers transmit "do-not-track" signals.
Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether visitors intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them.
We currently do not take action in response to these signals.
V.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS.
By using our website and providing us with information, you understand and agree that we may transfer and store your information on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction.
To the extent you are a resident of a country other than the United States, you consent to the transfer of such data to the United States for processing by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
VI.
CHILDREN.
We do not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 13, as defined by applicable law, without parental consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law.
VII.
DATA RETENTION, SECURITY AND INTEGRITY.
Information will be retained only for so long as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out above, in accordance with applicable laws.
We maintain security measures to protect information from loss, theft interference, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
Information you provide to us is stored on secure servers behind firewalls.
No data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure.
Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our website.
Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
VIII.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY.
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time.
When we update the Privacy Policy, we will revise the date above and post the new Privacy Policy.
We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy each time you visit our website to stay informed of our privacy practices.
IX.
CONTACT INFORMATION.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our practices, please contact us via .
310-336-5000.
2310 E.
El Segundo Blvd.
, El Segundo, CA 90245.
Social Footer Menu.
Twitter.
LinkedIn.
Facebook.
YouTube.
Instagram.
Footer Menu.
Contact Us.
Suppliers.
Copyright and Terms of Use.
Privacy Policy.
Cookie Policy.
