Cases.
About Shoptech.
media.
Blog & News.
Contact & Support.
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Who we are.
We’re a team, and we pilot SHOPTECH MEDIA.
With a combined  20+ years of web development experience in the field of ecommerce platforms, blogs, and custom PHP websites.
We can confidently keep our heads up when it comes to deep knowledge of how ecommerce websites work.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it.
CookiesSome of our web pages use cookies.
Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses.
Cookies help make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure.
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.
Contact formShould you send us questions via the contact form, we will collect the data entered on the form, including the contact details you provide, to answer your question and any follow-up questions.
We do not share this information without your permission.
We will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with your consent.
You may revoke your consent at any time.
An informal e-mail making this request is sufficient.
RegistrationYou can register on our website in order to access additional functions offered here.
The input data will only be used for the purpose of using the respective site or service for which you have registered.
The mandatory information requested during registration must be provided in full.
Otherwise, we will reject your registration.
Comments.
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it.
The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here.
After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media.
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included.
Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Embedded content from other websites.
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.
g.
videos, images, articles, etc.
).
Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service.
It is operated by Google Inc.
, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”.
These are text files that are stored on your computer and that allow ananalys is of the use of the website by you.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
How long we retain your data.
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely.
This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile.
All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username).
Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data.
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us.
You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you.
This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Scope of Terms of Use.
General.
These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and SHOPTECH MEDIA and govern your use of the Websites and/or Contents.
In the case of any violation of these rules and regulations, SHOPTECH MEDIA reserves the right to seek all remedies available by law and in equity for such violations.
These terms of use (“Terms of Use”) are applicable to all websites (referred to hereafter as the “Websites”) created, generated, provided, maintained, managed, and/or hosted by SHOPTECH MEDIA.
These Terms of Use also apply to any contents, resources, materials contented in, made available by and/or provided through the Websites, including but not limited to software, manuals, reports, articles, services, press releases, graphics, texts, multimedia materials, related websites, and product information (collectively referred to hereafter as the “Contents”).
Acceptance of Terms of Use.
Please carefully review these Terms of Use before using these Websites.
By using or accessing these Websites and/or Contents, you acknowledge you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including without limitation applicable export and re-export control laws and regulations regarding the transmission of technical data from the country in which you reside.
Ownership and Intellectual Property Right.
The Websites and all Contents are protected by copyright and are owned or controlled by SHOPTECH MEDIA.
Disclaimer of Liability.
You expressly understand and agree that your use of the websites and contents is at your sole risk and that the websites and contents are provided “as is” and “as available” without any express or implied warranty of any kind including warranties of merchantability, non-infringement of intellectual property, of fitness for any particular purpose.
Revisions.
SHOPTECH MEDIA reserves the right to modify, suspend, withdraw or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Websites and/or the Contents, in whole or in part, at any time without notice.
Termination of Use and Indemnification.
Your rights to use the Websites and/or the Contents will be terminated automatically without notice if you fail to comply with the Terms of Use.
In this regard, SHOPTECH MEDIA will not bear any responsibility to you.
You agree to indemnify and hold DELTA and its officers, agents, employees, partners and licensors harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Websites, access to the Contents, connection to the Websites, and/or your violation of these Terms of Use.
Shoptech.
Media.
Privacy Policy.
Latest Articles.
10 Common E-commerce Mistakes You Must AvoidImpact of iOS 14 new Update to your E-commerce WebsiteImportance of having a well-designed E-commerce websiteWhy your e-commerce can get slow over time.
10 Common E-commerce Mistakes You Must Avoid.
Impact of iOS 14 new Update to your E-commerce Website.
Importance of having a well-designed E-commerce website.
Why your e-commerce can get slow over time.
Support & Opening Hours.
Support & Opening Hours.
Support keeps track of all cases weekdays and weekends, so we can respond quickly in severe cases.
Normal support cases are handled.
Monday - Thursday 09.
00 - 16.
00Friday 09.
00 - 13.
00.
Contact.
