LAUNCH MY COURSE.
My Account.
languages.
Our Method.
Get Special Offers.
Free Lesson.
search.
Languages.
Our Method.
Free Lesson.
LAUNCH MY COURSE.
My Account.
Free Lesson Offer Sign-up.
Receive exclusive offers, learn about new releases, and more.
By signing up, I agree to receive promotional email messages from Pimsleur.
I understand I can unsubscribe later from any emails received.
Sign-up for our Special Offer Emails.
Receive exclusive offers, learn about new releases, and more.
By signing up, I agree to receive promotional email messages from Pimsleur.
I understand I can unsubscribe later from any emails received.
Simon & Schuster, Inc.
will, with its service providers located in the United States process the personal data that you provide in order to keep you informed of our new offers.
To learn more about the management of your personal data and to exercise your rights to access, object and correct your personal data, please refer to our Privacy Policy.
Pimsleur.
com Privacy Policy.
Effective Date.
This policy was updated and became immediately effective on March 23, 2020.
This Privacy Policy applies to Pimsleur.
com and all other websites, applications, online services, and other interactive features or downloads operated by Pimsleur that post a link to this Privacy Policy, whether accessed via computer, mobile device or otherwise (collectively, "Sites," and individually, a “Site”).
Pimsleur is an imprint of Simon & Schuster Audio, a division of Simon & Schuster, Inc.
(collectively, "Pimsleur").
This Privacy Policy only covers information collected at the Sites.
This Privacy Policy may apply to information Pimsleur collects offline, but only if specifically stated at the time of collection or if the information is combined in our databases.
Please review this Privacy Policy carefully.
In addition, please review our Terms of Use which governs your use of the Sites.
TABLE OF CONTENTS.
INFORMATION COLLECTION.
Information Collected Automatically.
How We Respond to Do Not Track Signals.
Community Forums, User Content, and Posting Content to Third Party Sites.
Information We Receive from Third Parties and Social Integration.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.
HOW WE MAY SHARE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED.
When You Consent to Sharing or Request That We Share Your Information.
Companies Providing Services on Our Behalf.
Administrative and Legal Reasons.
Business Transfers.
Employment.
EEOC.
Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions.
ANALYTIC PROVIDERS, AD SERVERS AND SIMILAR COMPANIES.
YOUR CHOICES AND UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION AND PREFERENCES.
SECURITY OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.
THIRD PARTY CONTENT, LINKS TO OTHER SITES, AND PIMSLEUR CONTENT FOUND OUTSIDE OF THE SITES.
CONSENT TO TRANSFER OF DATA.
CHANGES TO OUR POLICY.
CALIFORNIA VISITORS.
INFORMATION FOR NEVADA CONSUMERS.
INFORMATION FOR RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN UNION AND EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA.
CONTACT INFORMATION.
KEY HIGHLIGHTS OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
We fully describe our privacy practices below in this Privacy Policy.
THIS OVERVIEW HIGHLIGHTS SOME IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING THIRD PARTY ADVERTISERS AND ANALYTICS PROVIDERS, AND OUR USE AND SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION, BUT PLEASE REVIEW OUR FULL PRIVACY POLICY BEFORE USING OUR SITE.
We primarily use the information we collect when you interact with the Sites in connection with your relationship with Pimsleur, your use of the Sites, and for sending you information from us or on behalf of third parties.
Please review the "Information Collection" and "How We Use Your Information" sections for a full description of the information we collect and how we use that information.
Note that we do not share your Personally Identifiable Information (information that identifies you as a specific individual, such as your full name, email address or street address) with third parties for their marketing purposes without your consent.
however, we may share your Personally Identifiable Information under certain limited circumstances.
We may also share information that has been de-identified, so that it no longer identifies a specific individual, with third parties.
For more information, please review the section below entitled "How We May Share the Information Collected.
".
The Sites may contain content served by third parties, including videos and advertisements, and we work with third party service providers to serve Pimsleur advertisements elsewhere online.
In connection with serving content and providing analytics and advertising services, third parties may collect certain information about your visits to this or other web sites and we may receive information regarding the use of the Sites and the effectiveness of our advertisements.
The advertising networks, advertisers, ad agencies, analytics service providers and other vendors may set and access their own tracking devices (including cookies and web beacons) and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you (such as your general interest in certain book genres).
For more information, please review the “Analytics Providers and Ad Servers” section below.
Some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI”) or the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising.
You may want to visit  or  which provides information regarding targeted advertising and offers an “opt-out” by participating companies.
INFORMATION COLLECTION.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE DIRECTLY TO PIMSLEUR.
Pimsleur may ask you to provide personally identifiable information, which is information that identifies you as a specific individual, such as your full name, email address or street address (“Personally Identifiable Information”), and other information about you, such as demographic information (e.
g.
, your age, gender, or zip code), payment information, or certain information about your preferences and interests.
If we combine demographic or similar information with the Personally Identifiable Information we collect, we will treat the combined information as Personally Identifiable Information under this Privacy Policy.
The Sites are for general audiences, and are not intended for use by anyone younger than the age of 16.
We do not knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information from individuals younger than age 16.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, Personally Identifiable Information also includes any other information about an identified individual or an individual who is reasonably identifiable and which is required to be protected in accordance with applicable laws.
INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY.
In addition to any Personally Identifiable Information or other information that you choose to submit to the Sites, we and our third-party service providers, including any third party content providers, may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the Sites ("Usage Information").
Usage Information may include the browser and operating system you are using, the URL or advertisement that referred you to our Sites, the search terms you entered into a search engine that lead you to one of our Sites (if applicable), all of the areas within our Sites that you visit, and the time of day you visited the Sites, among other information.
We may use Usage Information for a variety of purposes, including enhancing or otherwise improving the Sites and our products and services.
In addition, we automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier (“Device Identifier”) for any computer, mobile phone or other device you may use to access the Site.
A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your device used to access a Site, and our servers identify your device by its Device Identifier.
Some mobile service providers may also provide us, or our third party service providers, with information regarding the physical location of the device used to access a Site.
Usage Information is generally non-identifying, but if we associate it with you as a specific and identifiable person, we treat it as Personally Identifiable Information.
The technologies that may be used to collect Usage Information include the following.
Cookies.
A cookie is a data file placed on your computer or other device when you visit the Sites or otherwise access our online content.
Cookies may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, remembering you and your preferences, tracking your visits to our web pages, and facilitating your check-out and purchases.
We use both session and persistent cookies (which remains on your computer after the browser has been closed).
A Flash cookie is a data file placed on your device via the Adobe Flash plugin, which may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your computer or other device.
Flash cookies may be used for various purposes, such as enabling a Flash feature and remembering your preferences.
If you choose to disable cookies or to adjust your Flash privacy settings on your device, some features of the Sites or our content may not function properly.
For more information about Flash and the privacy choices Adobe offers, visit.
.
You may set up your computer to reject cookies by the privacy settings for your web browser although, in that case, you may not be able to use some of the features on our Sites.
For further information on cookies visit .
Web Beacons.
We may use web beacons (small graphic images or other web programming code, also known as "1x1 GIFs" or "clear GIFs") and similar technologies on our Sites and within our communications to you.
Web beacons can recognize certain types of information on your computer such as cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, and a description of the page where the web beacon is placed.
Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the Sites, to monitor how users navigate the Sites, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed and to improve your experience on the Sites, including to provide you with content customized to your interests.
Our web beacons may collect some contact information (for example, the email address associated with an email message that contains a web beacon).
Embedded Scripts.
An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Sites, such as the links you click on.
The code is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Sites, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
HOW WE RESPOND TO DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS.
Note that your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to websites and online services you visit.
There is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context.
Like many websites and online services, Pimsleur currently does not alter its practices when it receives a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser.
To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit .
COMMUNITY FORUMS, USER CONTENT, AND POSTING CONTENT TO THIRD PARTY SITES.
The Sites may provide you the opportunity to participate and post content publicly in forums, through interactive features and through other communication functionality ("Community Forums").
You may choose, through such features or otherwise, to submit or post photographs, videos, questions, comments, suggestions or other content, (collectively, "User Content").
Note that anything you post to a Community Forum is public -- others will have access to your User Content and may use it or share it with third parties.
Information or other content you choose to post or make available in the Community Forums may be viewed, collected and used by others.
If you choose to voluntarily disclose Personally Identifiable Information, that information will be considered public information and the protections of this Privacy Policy will not apply.
Think carefully before you post and use caution before disclosing any Personally Identifiable Information.
Also, functionality on the Sites may permit interactions between the Sites and a third party web site, such as enabling you “like” or review a product on our Sites or “share” content to other web sites.
If you choose to “like,” review, or “share” content through the Sites or to otherwise post information from or via the Sites to a third party web site, feature or application, that information may be publicly displayed and the third party web site may have access to information about you and your use of our Web Site.
INFORMATION WE RECEIVE FROM THIRD PARTIES AND SOCIAL AND PLATFORM INTEGRATION.
We may receive information about you from third parties.
For example, if you are on another web site and you opt-in to receive information from Pimsleur,that web site will forward your contact and other information to us so that we may contact you as requested.
You may also choose to participate in a social media application or similar application, skill or feature with a third party service (“Third Party Application”), through which you allow us to collect (or the third party to share) information about you, including Personally Identifiable Information.
The Third Party Application may be a feature on our Sites (such as reviewing a product, logging into our Sites with your credentials with a third party service, or otherwise linking the Sites with another web site or interactive service).
Or, the Third Party Application may be a Pimsleur feature or Pimsleur content available through a third party web site, device or service.
When you choose to participate, you may be opting to link your activity on our Sites with that third party web site, device or service, which may then collect information about your visits to our Sites and may publish that activity as you request to your profile or similar feature with that third party (such as if you choose to share an article you read on one of our Sites with your connections on the third party web site).
The information we collect is subject to this Privacy Policy.
The information collected and stored by the third party remains subject to the third party’s privacy practices, including whether the third party continues to share information with us, the types of information shared, and your choices with regard to what is visible to others on that third party web site and service.
The third party may allow you to remove the Third Party Application, in which case we will no longer collect information about you through it, but we may retain the information previously collected.
In addition, we may receive information about you if other users of a Third Party Application give us access to their profiles and you are one of their “connections” or information about you is otherwise accessible through your “connections” web page, profile page, or similar page on a social networking or other third party web site or interactive service.
We also may supplement the information we collect with outside records from third parties.
If we combine the information we receive from third parties with information we collect through the Sites, we will apply this Privacy Policy to the combined information.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.
Pimsleur may use information it collects, including Personally Identifiable Information and Usage Information, to.
(1) allow you to participate in features we offer or to provide related customer service.
(2) tailor content, recommendations and offers we display to you, both on the Sites and elsewhere online.
(3) process your registration or a purchase or other transaction, including verifying information you provide is active and valid.
(4) send you information or special offers from us or on behalf of third-parties.
(5) facilitate your online job search and prepare related governmental and internal statistics reports.
(6) improve the Sites, our products, and services, and for internal business purposes.
(7) contact you with regard to your use of Pimsleur products and services, the Sites, and, in our discretion, changes to the Sites’ policies.
and (8) as disclosed at the time you provide your information or otherwise with your consent.
We may also use non-Personally Identifiable Information, including information that has been de-identified (typically by using a mathematical process known as a “hash”), to make inferences about you, to serve you with relevant advertising, and to allow others to do so.
HOW WE MAY SHARE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED.
Pimsleur may share non-Personally Identifiable Information, such as aggregate user statistics, de-identified or hashed information, and Usage Information, with third parties.
Pimsleur does not share your Personally Identifiable Information with unaffiliated third parties for their marketing purposes without your consent (which may consist of offering you the opportunity to either opt-in or opt-out of such sharing).
We may share the information we have collected about you, including Personally Identifiable Information, as disclosed at the time you provide us with information or with your consent, and as described in this Privacy Policy, including.
WHEN YOU CONSENT TO SHARING OR REQUEST THAT WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION.
The Sites may contain registration forms or other features that provide you the ability to opt-in or opt-out of sharing information about you with one or more third parties (for example, in order for a third party to send you special offers or coupons).
If you agree at that time to have your Personally Identifiable Information shared, your Personally Identifiable Information will be disclosed to that third party (or parties) and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of that third party.
We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of third parties, and, if you later decide that you no longer want to receive communications from a third party, you will need to contact that third party directly.
You also may request, sometimes through your use of an interactive feature, a widget or third party application, that we share information about you or your use of the Sites with a third party, and we will typically do so under those circumstances.
2.
COMPANIES PROVIDING SERVICES ON OUR BEHALF.
We may provide service providers with access to user information, including Personally Identifiable Information, in order for them to perform certain services on behalf of the Sites or Pimsleur, such as fulfilling and processing orders, tracking analytics, sending communications on our behalf or performing other administrative services.
If you purchase any products or services, our billing partner will receive billing and financial information (e.
g.
, credit card numbers) necessary to process your charges, including your postal and e-mail addresses, depending on your payment method.
3.
ADMINISTRATIVE AND LEGAL REASONS.
We may transfer and disclose user information, including Personally Identifiable Information, to third parties.
(i) in the event we are required to respond to subpoenas or other legal process or if in our opinion such disclosure is required by law.
(ii) at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation.
or (iii) to protect and/or defend the Terms of Use or other policies applicable to the Sites or to protect the personal safety, rights, property or security of Pimsleur or any individual.
We may also use Device Identifiers, including IP addresses, to identify users, and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners, Internet service providers, wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies in our discretion.
4.
BUSINESS TRANSFERS.
We may share Personally Identifiable Information and other user information with our corporate parent, CBS Corporation, and with our subsidiaries and affiliated entities, primarily for business and operational purposes.
Pimsleur also reserves the right to disclose and transfer all information related to the Site, including Personally Identifiable Information.
(i) to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of the Sites or one of our databases.
or (ii) in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, bankruptcy, the sale of certain of our ownership interests, assets, or both, or other company change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process.
5.
EMPLOYMENT.
EEOC.
If you apply for a job with Pimsleur, the information you submit may also be shared with our parent and affiliated companies who may have similar positions available.
In connection with your online application, we may ask you to provide us with self-identifying information (such as veteran status, gender and ethnicity) in connection with laws and regulations enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ("EEOC"), the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs ("OFCCP") and similar state and local regulatory agencies.
Providing such self-identifying information is voluntary, but if you do provide us with such information, we may submit that information to the EEOC, the OFCCP and similar state and local regulatory agencies for business-related purposes, including, but not limited to responding to information requests, fulfilling regulatory reporting requirements and defending against employment related complaints.
6.
SWEEPSTAKES, CONTESTS AND PROMOTIONS.
We may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions that may require registration.
By participating in a promotion, you are agreeing to the terms, conditions or official rules that govern that promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the promotion to use your name, voice, likeness or other indicia of persona in advertising or marketing materials.
If you choose to enter a promotion, Personally Identifiable Information may be disclosed to third parties (including, without limitation, a co-sponsor) or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the promotion's official rules, such as on a winners list.
ANALYTICS PROVIDERS, AD SERVERS AND SIMILAR COMPANIES.
The Sites may contain content served by third parties, including videos and advertisements, and we work with third parties and service providers to serve Pimsleur advertisements elsewhere online.
In connection with serving content and providing analytics and advertising services, third parties may collect certain information about your visits to this or other web sites.
These third parties may set and access their own tracking technologies on your device (including cookies and web beacons) and may otherwise collect or have access to information about your visits to and activity on the Sites as well as other websites or online services.
Some of these parties may collect Personally Identifiable Information from you over time when you visit the Sites or other websites and online services.
We may also share non-personal, aggregated or de-identified or hashed information at our discretion, including to serve you with relevant advertising, and to allow others to do so.
Cookies and web beacons used by us and on the Sites, including those set by third party network advertisers, may be used to, among other things, target advertisements, prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times and to conduct research regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to you.
We may share Usage Information about visitors with third party advertising companies, analytics providers and other third parties for similar purposes.
While we may use a variety of service providers to perform advertising and analytics services, some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI”) or the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising.
You may want to visit  , which provides information regarding targeted advertising and the "opt-out" procedures of NAI members.
You may also want to visit or  which provides information regarding targeted advertising and offers an “opt-out” by participating companies in the DAA Self-Regulatory Program.
To learn more and make choices about interest-based advertisements from participating third parties in jurisdictions outside of the United States, please visit the Canadian DAA online choice page at  the  European DAA online choice page at  and Australian DAA online choice page at .
For mobile apps, you may be able to limit certain advertising practices using the settings on your phone, tablet or other mobile device.
Also, on most mobile devices, you can install the DAA's AppChoices app to make choices about cross-app interest-based advertisements from participating third parties.
You may review additional information on opting out of mobile devices at .
Please note opting out through these mechanisms does not opt you out of being served advertising.
You will continue to receive generic ads while online.
California residents see below for more information about your rights.
YOUR CHOICES AND UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION AND PREFERENCES.
You may be able to change your preferences with regard to the communications you receive from us for one or more of our Sites by logging into the “Account” or similar page for a Site.
Changing your preferences for one of our divisions or Sites may not change your preferences for all Pimsleur divisions and Sites.
You may opt out of receiving marketing e-mails from a Pimsleur division or one of our Sites by following the opt-out instructions provided to you in those e-mails.
Please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your account or use of the Sites (for example, order confirmations) and these transactional account messages may be unaffected if you opt-out from marketing communications.
If you sign up to receive SMS or MMS messages that may be offered by a division or Site, you may unsubscribe by replying "STOP.
”.
You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us, such as your contact information.
You may update the information you have provided to us by logging into the “Account” setting or similar page for a Site.
Pimsleur will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in our then active databases as soon as reasonably practicable.
Note, however, that information may persist internally for administrative purposes and that residual data may remain on backup media or for other reasons.
California residents see below for additional choices.
SECURITY OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.
Pimsleur takes commercially reasonable steps to help protect and secure Personally Identifiable Information.
However, please remember that no data storage or data transmission over the Internet, or by other means, can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Thus, while we strive to protect your personal data, Pimsleur cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.
Therefore, you understand, acknowledge, and agree that you transmit certain Personally Identifiable Information to the Sites at your own risk.
Personally Identifiable Information we collect is managed from.
Simon & Schuster, Inc.
1230 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY USA 10020-8510.
THIRD PARTY CONTENT, LINKS TO OTHER SITES, AND PIMSLEUR CONTENT FOUND OUTSIDE OF THE SITES.
Third parties may host or serve certain content on the Sites (including content that allows you to make a purchase via a third party).
The Sites may also contain links to third party web sites or features that Pimsleur does not control.
This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use our logo(s) as part of a co-branding agreement, including third parties who may be selling Pimsleur products.
Third parties whose content appears on the Sites may collect information about you through the use of their own cookies and web beacons, may independently collect or solicit Personally Identifiable Information, and may have the ability to track your use of their sites and services.
Likewise, Pimsleur widgets or other Pimsleur content may be included on third parties’ web pages and web sites that are not associated with Pimsleur and over which we have no control.
Pimsleur may collect Usage Information through Pimsleur content appearing on third-party sites.
Pimsleur is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party, and our hosting of third party content, linking to third party websites, or the appearance of Pimsleur content on third party websites does not constitute sponsorship or endorsement of the content or business practices of those third parties.
CONSENT TO TRANSFER OF DATA.
We operate the Sites from the United States.
If you are located in the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside the United States, please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the United States or other jurisdictions.
By using the Sites, or providing us with any information, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States and other jurisdictions, where the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen.
CHANGES TO OUR POLICY.
Pimsleur may update this Privacy Policy at any time and any changes will be effective upon posting, unless otherwise indicated.
Your continued use of the Sites after the effective date of the revised Privacy Policy (or other act as specified in the revised Privacy Policy) will constitute your consent to those changes.
In the event that there are material changes to the way we treat your Personally Identifiable Information, we will provide notice through the Sites.
We may also notify you in other ways, such as by email, in our discretion.
However, we will not make material changes to how we treat previously collected Personally Identifiable Information without first giving you the chance to consent (opt-in or opt-out).
Note, however, that you may need to consent to our new Privacy Policy in order to continue to use the Services.
CALIFORNIA VISITORS.
For additional information for residents of the State of California click here.
INFORMATION FOR NEVADA CONSUMERS.
Nevada law requires website operators to provide a way for Nevada consumers to opt out of the sale of certain information that the website operator may collect about them.
This information is limited to direct identifiers, such as your name, postal address, and email address.
When Nevada consumers opt out of the sale of their information, website operators must ensure that the information is not sold to another business that will further license or sell the information to others.
If you are a Nevada resident and you would like to opt out of any possible sale of this information, please email us at For all requests, you must put the statement “Your Nevada Privacy Rights” in the subject field of your request.
You must also include your full name, street address, city, state, and zip code.
We will not accept requests via telephone, postal mail, or facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.
INFORMATION FOR RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED KINGDOM, EUROPEAN UNION, AND EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA.
This section of the Privacy Policy applies only if you use our Sites covered by the Privacy Policy from the United Kingdom, a country that is a Member State of the European Union or European Economic Area (collectively, “EU”), and it supplements the information in the Privacy Policy.
Simon & Schuster, Inc.
is the data controller for processing of information defined as personal data under applicable data protection law (“Personal Data”).
1.
LEGAL BASIS FOR DATA PROCESSING.
We process Personal Data for the purposes set out in the Privacy Policy.
Our legal basis to process Personal Data includes processing that is.
necessary for the performance of a contract between us (for example, to provide you with services you request and to identify and authenticate you so you may use the website).
necessary to comply with legal requirements (for example, to comply with applicable accounting rules and to make mandatory disclosures to law enforcement).
necessary for our legitimate interests (for example, to manage our relationship with you and to improve the website and our services).
and based on consent by our customers (for example, to communicate with you about our products and services and provide you with marketing information), which may subsequently be withdrawn at any time by contacting us (using the contact instructions below) without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
2.
EU DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS.
The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) provides certain rights for EU data subjects.
You may decline to share certain personal information with us, in which case we may not be able to provide some of the features and functionality of our services.
These rights include, in accordance with applicable law, the right to object to or request the restriction of processing of your Personal Data, and to request access to, rectification, erasure and portability of your own Personal Data.
Requests should be submitted by contacting us (using the contact instructions below).
You may make changes to the personal information collected by our account registration pages by logging into the appropriate Site, where applicable, and updating the account settings page.
We will make commercially reasonable efforts to provide you reasonable access to your personal information within 30 days of your access request to the contact address below.
We provide this access so that you may review, make corrections, or request deletion of your personal information.
If we cannot honor your request within 30 days, we will inform you when we will be able to provide such access.
If for some reason access is denied, we will provide an explanation as to why access is denied.
When technically feasible, at your request, we will provide your personal data to you or transmit it directly to another controller.
We retain your personal information while you have an account with us and while you are using an app or continuing to visit any of the Sites.
We will retain your personal information for as long as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in the Privacy Policy, considering the time period reasonably necessary to.
provide the services to you.
exercise the choices and rights you have requested.
comply with our contractual obligations.
enforce our terms for use of the services.
and, comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
If you have any unresolved privacy concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily after contacting us, you have the right to contact the appropriate EU Data Protection Authority and lodge a complaint.
3.
THIRD PARTY ONLINE ADVERTISING.
As discussed in our Privacy Policy, we work with certain third party advertising companies in connection with our online advertising and those companies may set cookies or other tracking technologies in connection with providing advertising related services to us.
The European Digital Advertising Alliance {"EDAA"} has developed a guide to online behavioural advertising and has developed an opt out page to manage online behavioural advertising preferences with participating EDAA member companies available at .
4.
CONTACT US.
For all EU Data Subject Rights requests, you may contact us via the information provided below.
CONTACT INFORMATION.
For all EU Data Subject Rights requests, please submit requests by completing the DSAR Form.
If you need further assistance regarding the GDPR, please contact us at .
For all other enquiries or if you have general questions or comments about our privacy policy or our practices you may contact us by e-mail at .
You may also contact the data privacy administrator at.
Simon & Schuster, Inc.
ATTN.
Data Privacy Administrator/Legal Department 1230 Avenue of the Americas, 17th Floor, New York, NY, USA 10020-8510.
Please note that information submitted to the Sites via a "contact us" or other similar function may not receive a response.
We will not use the information provided via these functions to contact you for marketing purposes unrelated to your request unless you agree otherwise.
Language Programs.
About Us.
The Pimsleur App.
Find Language by Country.
Anti-Piracy Policy.
Join Newsletter.
How to Learn Effectively.
Marketing Opportunities.
Affiliate Program.
Business to Business.
Education and Library.
Government & Military.
Media Information.
Refer a Friend, Get $20.
Get Help.
Order Status / My Account.
Contact Us.
FAQ.
Payment Options.
Return Policies.
Request a New Language.
Social Media.
Pimsleur on Facebook.
Pimsleur on Twitter.
Pimsleur on YouTube.
Pimsleur  Blog.
Simon & Schuster Audio.
Simon & Schuster.
About This Site.
Site Map.
Privacy Policy.
Terms of Use.
CA Privacy/Info We Collect.
CA Do Not Sell My Info.
Subscription Terms.
​.
About Us.
The Pimsleur App.
Find Language by Country.
Anti-Piracy Policy.
Join Newsletter.
How to Learn Effectively.
Affiliate Program.
Business to Business.
Education and Library.
Government & Military.
Media Information.
Refer a Friend, Get $20.
Site Map.
Privacy Policy.
Terms of Use.
CA Privacy/Info We Collect.
CA Do Not Sell My Info.
Subscription Terms.
​.
Order Status / My Account.
Contact Us.
FAQ.
Payment Options.
Return Policies.
Request a New Language.
Pimsleur on Facebook.
Pimsleur on Twitter.
Pimsleur on YouTube.
Pimsleur  Blog.
Simon & Schuster Audio.
Simon & Schuster.
Simon & Schuster.
Home.
Authors.
Books.
