Product5GLPWA4GLTE-ASmart ModulesAutomotive Modules3G2GGNSSWi-Fi.
M2M ApplicationSmart EnergyAutomotive ElectronicsSmart PaymentSmart LifeSecurity MonitoringUrban Refined ManagementWireless GatewaySmart IndustrySmart Agriculture.
Service and SupportDownloadCertificationFAQEmbedded World 2022 Request QuoteOnline store.
Media and ResourcesCompany NewsMarket EventsCase StudiesNewsletterVideos.
About UsCompany ProfileCorporate CulturePartnersCareersContact Us.
Privacy Policy.
About Us.
INTRODUCTION.
SIMCom Wireless Solutions Limited and affiliated companies in the SIMCom Wireless Solutions Limited("SIMCom", "we", "us" and "our") administer the websites available under the simcom.
com domains, as well as other SIMCom-related domains (collectively, the "Website").
We, at SIMCom, respect your privacy.
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) explains our privacy practices for the Website.
It describes how we collect personal information, use it and share it and the rights and options available to you with respect to your information.
Providing us with your personal information is a choice you make.
You are not legally obligated to provide us this information.
Your consent to the privacy policy serves as the legal basis for processing your personal information.
You may withdraw consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of data processing we carried out before such withdrawal.
This policy is integrated into the Website Terms of Use (the "Terms") and forms an integral part of them.
Any terms not defined in the Privacy Policy will have such meanings given to them in the Terms.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT.
Contact information forms.
When you submit one of our online contact information forms, we ask that you provide us with information such as your name, email address, company and telephone number.
Registration information.
Website resources.
Certain Resources, such as the Technical Forum and Download Zone are available only to registered users.
To register, you will be asked to provide us with information such as your name, email address, company and telephone number.
To gain access to certain other resources on the Website, you will be asked to provide us with information such as your name, email address, company and telephone number.
Applying for a career at SIMCom.
You may apply for career opportunities at SIMCom through the Website.
To do so, you will be asked to provide information such as your name, email address and a copy of your résumé (curriculum vitae - CV).
The CV you submit will typically include your personal information.
Analytics.
We use third party analytics and advertising tools, such as Google Analytics to collect information pertaining to your activities on the Website.
This includes the information or content that you open, view or clicked on, your session durations, the web pages you accessed, the Internet Protocol (IP) address through which you accessed the Website and the city or town where the computer you used to access the Website is located.
For more information, please see the ‘cookies’ section of the Policy, below.
Inquiries.
If you contact us for questions or complaints, we will collect the information related to your inquiry.
This may include your name, email address, postal address, telephone number and other contact information, depending on the nature of your inquiry.
User Posted Content.
Content that you post on SIMCom’s website may contain, or be indicative of, your personal information, depending on the particulars of that content.
Such content, by its nature, is not treated as private or confidential and you should not have any expectation of privacy with respect to it.
In any case, use caution and common sense when you post content containing or depicting personal information of yourself or other individuals.
Where the content that you post has to do with the privacy of others, you must lawfully obtain the consent of all individuals who are depicted, shown or referred to in the content, to include them in the content and to use that posted content for the purposes and in the manner contemplated by this policy and the terms.
You are solely responsible for any content that you post on the Website.
USE OF COLLECTED INFORMATION.
We may use the information we collect for the following purposes.
• Administering the Website and providing you access to resources on the Website.
• Contacting you with offers for SIMCom products and services, if you indicated your desire to receive such offers.
• Contacting and assessing you with respect to your application for SIMCom career opportunities.
• Improving and customizing the Website.
• Enforcing the Terms and this Policy.
• Complying with any applicable law and assisting law enforcement agencies and competent authorities, if we believe it is necessary or justified.
• Taking any action in any case of dispute involving you, with respect or in relation to the Website.
SHARING COLLECTED INFORMATION.
We may share the information outlined in this Policy, with others, in any of the following instances.
• With our distributors who may contact you regarding SIMCom products and services, if you indicated your desire to receive such offers.
• With our service providers (such as cloud service providers) who assist us in the internal operation of the Website and who process the information on our behalf and under our instructions.
• Content that you post on SIMCom’s website may be viewable by other users of the Website and Internet users in general, along with your username on the Website.
• If you have breached the Terms, abused your rights to use the Website, or violated any applicable law.
Your information may be shared with competent authorities and with any third party, if we believe it is necessary or justified.
• If operation of the Website is transferred to a different entity (for example, as a result of a merger or acquisition), your information may be transferred to such entity which may then use and share your information in the same way allowed to SIMCom pursuant to this Policy.
• We may share and transfer the information that we collect, including personally identifiable information, amongst our corporate group entities, but their use of such information must comply with this Policy.
COOKIES.
The Website uses various types of cookies which help us administer and operate the Website.
What are cookies.
Cookies are small text files sent by a web server to your web browser when you access a website.
Different types of cookies are used for different purposes, such as to.
• Collect statistical information about your use of a website.
• Save you the need to re-enter your login information on a website.
• Remember your actions and preferences on the website over a period of time, so you don't have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site.
• Support security features, and detect and prevent malicious activity.
• Collect behavioral information about your surfing on other websites which then helps advertisers deliver ads that are more relevant to you.
Cookies are classified into two major categories.
session cookies and persistent cookies.
Session cookies are temporarily stored on your computer while you are visiting a given website.
They are deleted once you leave the website.
Persistent cookies, on the other hand, remain on your computer for a more extended period of time specified in the cookie file, after you leave the website.
This type of cookie remains available for retrieval by the web server when you return to visit the website.
Cookies are further classified into “first party cookies” and “third party cookies”.
First party cookies are those sent to your browser by the server of the very website you are visiting.
Third party cookies are those sent to your browser by servers other than of the website you are visiting (e.
g.
, the server of an advertising network to which the website you are visiting is subscribed).
How we use cookies.
We use first party cookies for Website analytics purposes, such as collecting information pertaining to your activities on our Website, including your session durations, the Website content you accessed and your interactions and user-interface clicks with respect to such content, the Internet protocol (IP) address of the device from which you accessed our websites, the browser you used, its version and language (i.
e.
locale) preferences, and the approximate city from which you accessed the Website.
We also use third party cookies for marketing and advertisement purposes, in order to deliver to you more relevant ads for our products and services as you surf the web (this is known as “retargeting”).
How to control cookies.
If you wish to block cookies, you may do so through your browser’s settings.
You can delete cookies that are already on your computer and you can set your browser to prevent them from being placed thereafter.
Please refer to the browser's help menu for further information.
Some of the third party cookies services listed below provide an option of opting-out of their cookies.
Please refer to the above links for more information.
Please also bear in mind that disabling cookies may adversely affect your user experience on the Website and that certain features may not be available to you.
See more details about.
The types of cookies used by HubSpot.
The types of cookies used by LinkedIn on third party sites such as the Website.
The types of cookies used by Google and its partners and how they use them.
You can also read more about and how Google uses advertising cookies.
You can also read more information about opting-out of Google Analytics cookies, here.
For information about opting-out of cookies Google uses for advertising, click here.
AGGREGATED INFORMATION.
We may use the information we collect, as outlined above, to compile anonymized and aggregated information.
We may share, sell or otherwise communicate and make available such anonymized and aggregated information to any other third party, at our sole discretion.
However, we will not knowingly or intentionally share information that can be reasonably used to reveal your identity without your consent.
DIRECT MARKETING.
If you specifically opted in to receive commercial content from us, we will process your personal data for marketing purposes.
You then have the right to object at any time to processing your personal data for such marketing.
If you raise such an objection, through the unsubscribe link included in each marketing email or by informing us through the contact channels listed below, we will no longer process your personal data for such purposes.
ACCESSING, UPDATING OR DELETING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND OBTAINING A COPY OF IT.
If the law grants you such rights, you may ask to access the personal information about you that is stored in our systems.
You may also ask for our confirmation as to whether or not we process personal data concerning you.
To the extent that relevant law grants you such rights, you may request that we update, correct or delete inaccurate or outdated information, and have us suspend the use of personal data whose accuracy you contest while we verify the status of that data.
To the extent that relevant law grants you such rights, you may also be entitled to obtain from us the personal data you directly provided us (excluding data we obtained from other sources) in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and may have the right to transmit those data to another party.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, contact us at.
When handling these requests, we may ask for additional information to confirm your identity and your request.
INFORMATION SECURITY.
We implement measures to reduce the risks of damage, loss of information and unauthorized access or use of information.
These measures do not provide absolute information security.
Therefore, it is not guaranteed and you cannot expect that the Software will be immune from information security risks.
EUROPEAN CITIZENS.
The following disclosures are made pursuant to the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
• You have the right to withdraw your consent at any without affecting the lawfulness of data processing operations conducted before such withdrawal.
and to submit a complaint to the relevant supervisory data protection authority.
• SIMCom Wireless Solutions Limited is the data controller in respect of the processing activities outlined in this Policy.
TRANSFER OF DATA OUTSIDE YOUR TERRITORY.
You agree that we may store and process information in various locations throughout the globe, including in the EU and other countries such as the United States and Israel.
The laws in some of these countries may provide a lower degree of data protection than the laws of your own country.
You agree that we may process information using cloud services.
DATA RETENTION.
We retain information as necessary for the purposes set forth above.
We may delete information from our systems, without notice to you, once we deem it is no longer necessary for the purposes set forth above.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
SIMCom may amend this Policy from time to time by posting the amended Policy on the Website in lieu of the existing Policy.
Contact Us.
You may contact us with any questions or comments by using the Contact Us section of the Website.
Effective date of the policy.
March 1, 2020.
Contact Us.
+86 21 31575100.
Follow Us.
Wechat.
Copyright © 2018-2020 SIMCom Wireless Solutions Limited All Rights Reserved.
沪ICP备18031063号.
