Home.
About  About SIMWhat We DoWhere We ServeWhat We BelievePurpose, Mission & VisionCore Values  A Statement on Racism and Our Core Value of DiversityOur HistoryLeadershipChild SafetyFinancial AccountabilityStoriesPodcastsContact.
About SIM.
What We Do.
Where We Serve.
What We Believe.
Purpose, Mission & Vision.
Core Values  A Statement on Racism and Our Core Value of Diversity.
A Statement on Racism and Our Core Value of Diversity.
Our History.
Leadership.
Child Safety.
Financial Accountability.
Stories.
Podcasts.
Contact.
Pray  Pray With UsPray 9.
38.
Pray With Us.
Pray 9.
38.
Go  Go With SIMWhy CHOOSE SIM.
Lengths Of Service   Short-Term MissionsMidterm MissionsLong-Term MissionsInternshipsSkills & InterestsOpportunitiesGet Started.
Go With SIM.
Why CHOOSE SIM.
Lengths Of Service   Short-Term MissionsMidterm MissionsLong-Term MissionsInternships.
Short-Term Missions.
Midterm Missions.
Long-Term Missions.
Internships.
Skills & Interests.
Opportunities.
Get Started.
Give  Give NowMy SIMWays to Give to SIM  GIVE SECURELY ONLINEGIVE BY MAILIRA CHARITABLE ROLLOVER GIFTSTOCKS, BONDS & MUTUAL FUNDSPlanned GivingBITCOIN DONATIONSHow Your Gift is UsedCARES Act & Charitable GivingFinancial AccountabilityGiving FAQsSIM Global Newsletter.
Give Now.
My SIM.
Ways to Give to SIM  GIVE SECURELY ONLINEGIVE BY MAILIRA CHARITABLE ROLLOVER GIFTSTOCKS, BONDS & MUTUAL FUNDSPlanned GivingBITCOIN DONATIONS.
GIVE SECURELY ONLINE.
GIVE BY MAIL.
IRA CHARITABLE ROLLOVER GIFT.
STOCKS, BONDS & MUTUAL FUNDS.
Planned Giving.
BITCOIN DONATIONS.
How Your Gift is Used.
CARES Act & Charitable Giving.
Financial Accountability.
Giving FAQs.
SIM Global Newsletter.
Contact.
Privacy Policy.
Home.
/.
Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy.
You can be assured that we respect your trust in us and will carefully protect your privacy.
SIM USA, Inc.
(“SIM”) has created this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use and protect information gathered on this website and how we protect your personal privacy.
In order to fully understand your rights, we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy.
Please note that this Privacy Policy may undergo changes.
SIM will post all Policy changes on this page.
By using the Site, you agree.
(1) that you have reviewed and understood our Terms and Conditions and these Privacy Policies, (2) that you accept and are subject to our Terms and Conditions and these Privacy Policies, and (3) that SIM is permitted to use your personal information as set forth below.
Information We Collect.
SIM gathers two types of information about you on the Site.
Information you provide through optional, voluntary submissions throughout the Site.
These optional, voluntary submissions include, but are limited to, requests.
(a) to receive our e-mails and/or print publications, (b) to make a purchase at our online store, (c) to make a donation online, and/or (d) to make use of any of our other online services.
Information gathered through aggregated tracking.
This aggregated tracking information includes, without limitation.
(a) information such as the server your computer is logged onto, (b) your browser type (e.
g.
, Chrome, Firefox, IE, Opera or Safari), and (c) the pages you view/request to be viewed.
This information allows us to better tailor our content to your needs.
How We Use Your Information.
SIM collects and uses your personal information to operate the SIM Web site and deliver the services you have requested.
SIM also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from SIM and its affiliates.
SIM may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Sharing.
SIM does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
SIM may, from time to time, share aggregated demographic information with our partners and affiliates, and we recognize our liability related to the transfer of that data.
However, in those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
In addition, SIM may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries.
All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to SIM, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
It is our responsibility to ensure that the trusted partners we share data with are processing the information consistent with the best principles possible, and we have chosen to follow principles as outlined by the Privacy Shield Principles.
Otherwise, we remain liable for the data we have shared.
Disclosure Exceptions.
SIM’s Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to.
(a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on SIM or the site.
(b) protect and defend the rights or property of SIM.
and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the SIM website, or the public.
SIM is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Finally, under certain conditions, individuals can invoke binding arbitration.
Payment Card Industry Compliance.
SIM uses a PCI Compliant vendor to process payments.
Internet Protocol Address.
SIM collects an IP address from all visitors to the Site.
SIM may use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, analyze trends, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the Site, and deliver personalized content.
Cookies.
SIM may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our site, which is an industry standard.
Cookies are pieces of information that some websites transfer to the computer that is browsing that site and are used for record-keeping purposes.
Cookies make web-surfing easier by performing functions such as saving personal preferences.
A browser may be set to refuse cookies.
If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of the Site will not function properly when viewed.
Security.
SIM takes security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration, disclosure and destruction of data.
Information sent to the Site is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption.
No data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure.
While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of information.
Other Websites.
The Site contains links to websites not managed by SIM.
Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another site for which SIM has no responsibility.
SIM encourages you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may differ.
Choice/Opt-Out.
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials requested through our website you may opt-out of receiving these communications.
Please visit the Contact Us page to send us a request to remove you from our mailing list.
Additionally, you have the right to access your personal data.
Please visit the Contact Us page to send us a request to access your personal data.
Third party organizations or affiliates with which we work may also collect aggregated information from the services and promotions which we offer.
SIM encourages you to make an informed choice as to whether you should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not.
Partner organizations of SIM maintain their own mailing lists.
Please contact them directly regarding your receipt of their materials.
Children Under 13.
SIM encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate in the interactive activities offered on the Site.
Parents should consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers to help supervise their children’s online activities.
These tools can also prevent children from disclosing their name, address, and other personal information online without parental permission.
Consistent with the Federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”), we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information (e.
g.
, name, email, mailing address, phone number) from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental or legal guardian consent in compliance with COPPA.
No information should be submitted to the Site by visitors under the age of 13 without the consent of a parent or legal guardian.
Parents can email us to have any of their child’s information removed from any further use or communications at .
Contacting SIM.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of SIM, or your dealings on the Site, you can contact us here or by the methods listed below.
Mailing Address.
SIM USA14830 Choate CircleCharlotte, NC 28273-9105.
Phone Number.
Toll-Free 1-800-521-6449.
Home.
ABOUT.
Pray.
GO.
Give.
Contact.
Subscribe to our Newsletter.
