Home.
AIoT SolutionsAileen for Retail Einstein for Entertainment Einstein for Stadiums and Arenas Elexi for Buildings and Office Spaces Metasande for Connected Healthcare Route’N’Roll for Logistics & Routing GreenLight for Fleet Management Magellan for DIY IoT Development Sirqul Engagement-as-a-Service (EaaS) IoT Platform Astro for Industrial & Robotics Edysen for Smart Mesh & Edge Computing Aware Smart Agriculture, Oil & Gas GrupZoo Social Networking Platform HLD Hyper Local Deals EdWin Education and Training SubPay Subscriptions and Payments.
Aileen for Retail.
Einstein for Entertainment.
Einstein for Stadiums and Arenas.
Elexi for Buildings and Office Spaces.
Metasande for Connected Healthcare.
Route’N’Roll for Logistics & Routing.
GreenLight for Fleet Management.
Magellan for DIY IoT Development.
Sirqul Engagement-as-a-Service (EaaS) IoT Platform.
Astro for Industrial & Robotics.
Edysen for Smart Mesh & Edge Computing.
Aware Smart Agriculture, Oil & Gas.
GrupZoo Social Networking Platform.
HLD Hyper Local Deals.
EdWin Education and Training.
SubPay Subscriptions and Payments.
Overview.
Dev center.
ResourcesCase StudiesCatalyst Office Sarcos Robotics Elev8 Smart Buildings Smart Stadiums Family Dollar SmartRoute Logistics Carrefour Retail Connected Cars/Cities Ride Sharing GreenLight Support Whitepaper eBook.
Case StudiesCatalyst Office Sarcos Robotics Elev8 Smart Buildings Smart Stadiums Family Dollar SmartRoute Logistics Carrefour Retail Connected Cars/Cities Ride Sharing.
Catalyst Office.
Sarcos Robotics.
Elev8 Smart Buildings.
Smart Stadiums.
Family Dollar.
SmartRoute Logistics.
Carrefour Retail.
Connected Cars/Cities.
Ride Sharing.
GreenLight Support.
Whitepaper.
eBook.
AboutMedia/Press Releases Request Demo Partners Team Contact Us.
Media/Press Releases.
Request Demo.
Partners.
Team.
Contact Us.
What you do pub­licly on Sirqul may be viewed all around the world instant­ly.
This Pri­va­cy Pol­i­cy describes how and when Sirqul col­lects, uses and shares your infor­ma­tion when you use our Ser­vices.
Sirqul receives your infor­ma­tion through our var­i­ous web­sites, SMS, APIs, email noti­fi­ca­tions, appli­ca­tions, but­tons, wid­gets, ads, and com­merce ser­vices (the “Ser­vices” or “Sirqul”) and from our part­ners and oth­er third par­ties.
For exam­ple, you send us infor­ma­tion when you use Sirqul from our web­site or access Sirqul from any Sirqul pow­ered appli­ca­tion.
When using any of our Ser­vices you con­sent to the col­lec­tion, trans­fer, manip­u­la­tion, stor­age, dis­clo­sure and oth­er uses of your infor­ma­tion as described in this Pri­va­cy Pol­i­cy.
Irre­spec­tive of which coun­try you reside in or sup­ply infor­ma­tion from, you autho­rize Sirqul to use your infor­ma­tion in the Unit­ed States and any oth­er coun­try where Sirqul oper­ates.
If you have any ques­tions or com­ments about this Pri­va­cy Pol­i­cy, please con­tact us at .
Information Collection and Use.
Sirqul col­lects and uses your infor­ma­tion below to provide our Ser­vices and to mea­sure and improve them over time.
Basic Account Infor­ma­tion.
When you cre­ate or recon­fig­ure a Sirqul account, you provide some per­son­al infor­ma­tion, such as your name, user­name, pass­word, and email address.
In some cas­es, you may be required to provide your phone num­ber, for exam­ple, to use Sirqul via SMS or to help us pre­vent spam, fraud, or abuse.
Your name and user­name are dis­played pub­licly on our Ser­vices, includ­ing on your pro­file page and in search results.
Some Ser­vices, such as search and pub­lic user pro­files, do not require reg­is­tra­tion.
Addi­tion­al Infor­ma­tion.
You may provide us with pro­file infor­ma­tion to make pub­lic, such as a short biog­ra­phy, your loca­tion, your web­site, or a pic­ture.
You may provide infor­ma­tion to cus­tomize your account, such as a nick­name.
We may use your con­tact infor­ma­tion to send you infor­ma­tion about our Ser­vices or to mar­ket to you.
You may use your account set­tings to unsub­scribe from noti­fi­ca­tions from Sirqul.
You may also unsub­scribe by fol­low­ing the instruc­tions con­tained with­in the noti­fi­ca­tion or the instruc­tions on our web­site.
We may use your con­tact infor­ma­tion to help oth­ers find your Sirqul account, includ­ing through third-par­ty ser­vices and client appli­ca­tions.
Your pri­va­cy set­tings con­trol whether oth­ers can find you by your email address or nick­name.
You may choose to upload your address book so that we can help you find Sirqul users you know or help oth­er Sirqul users find you.
We may lat­er make sug­ges­tions to you and oth­er users on Sirqul based on import­ed address book con­tacts.
You can delete your import­ed address book con­tacts from Sirqul at any time.
If you email us, we may keep your mes­sage, email address and con­tact infor­ma­tion to respond to your request.
If you con­nect your Sirqul account to your account on anoth­er ser­vice, the oth­er ser­vice may send us your reg­is­tra­tion or pro­file infor­ma­tion on that ser­vice and oth­er infor­ma­tion that you autho­rize.
This infor­ma­tion helps us improve the Ser­vices, and is delet­ed from Sirqul with­in a few weeks of your dis­con­nect­ing from Sirqul your account on the oth­er ser­vice.
Pro­vid­ing the addi­tion­al infor­ma­tion described in this sec­tion is entire­ly option­al.
Actions, Fol­low­ing, Lists and oth­er Pub­lic Infor­ma­tion.
Our Ser­vices are pri­mar­i­ly designed to help you cre­ate, share, and inter­act with the world.
Most of the infor­ma­tion you provide us is infor­ma­tion you are ask­ing us to make pub­lic.
This includes not only the inter­ac­tions you have with our ser­vice and the meta­data pro­vid­ed when you cre­ate con­tent, but the peo­ple you fol­low, the content/people you mark as favorites, and many oth­er bits of infor­ma­tion that result from your use of the Ser­vices.
We may use this infor­ma­tion to cus­tomize the con­tent we show you, includ­ing ads.
Our default is almost always to make the infor­ma­tion you provide pub­lic for as long as you do not delete it from Sirqul, but we gen­er­al­ly give you set­tings to make the infor­ma­tion more pri­vate if you want.
Our Ser­vices broad­ly and instant­ly dis­sem­i­nate your pub­lic infor­ma­tion to a wide range of users, cus­tomers, and ser­vices.
For instance, your pub­lic user pro­file infor­ma­tion and pub­licly post­ed con­tent are imme­di­ate­ly deliv­ered via our APIs to our part­ners and oth­er third par­ties, includ­ing search engi­nes, devel­op­ers, and pub­lish­ers that inte­grate Sirqul con­tent into their ser­vices.
When you share infor­ma­tion or con­tent like com­ments, pho­tos, videos, and links via the Ser­vices, you should think care­ful­ly about what you are mak­ing pub­lic.
Loca­tion Infor­ma­tion.
You may choose to pub­lish your loca­tion via your Sirqul pro­file set­tings.
You may also tell us your loca­tion when you set your com­put­er or mobile device to send us loca­tion infor­ma­tion.
We may also use oth­er data from your device to deter­mine loca­tion, for exam­ple, infor­ma­tion about wire­less net­works or cell tow­ers near your mobile device, or your IP address.
We may use and store infor­ma­tion about your loca­tion to provide fea­tures of our Ser­vices and to improve and cus­tomize the Ser­vices, for exam­ple, with more rel­e­vant con­tent like local infor­ma­tion, shops, sim­i­lar­ly inter­est­ed users, ads, and sug­ges­tions.
Links.
Sirqul may keep track of how you inter­act with links across our Ser­vices, includ­ing our email noti­fi­ca­tions, third-par­ty ser­vices, and client appli­ca­tions, by redi­rect­ing clicks or through oth­er means.
We do this to help improve our Ser­vices, to provide more rel­e­vant adver­tis­ing, and to be able to share aggre­gate click sta­tis­tics such as how many times a par­tic­u­lar con­tent source, link, etc.
was clicked on, read, or shared.
Cook­ies.
Like many web­sites, we use cook­ies and sim­i­lar tech­nolo­gies to col­lect addi­tion­al web­site usage data and to improve our Ser­vices, but we do not require cook­ies for many parts of our Ser­vices such as search­ing and look­ing at pub­lic user pro­files.
A cook­ie is a small data file that is trans­ferred to your computer’s hard disk.
Sirqul may use both ses­sion cook­ies and per­sis­tent cook­ies to bet­ter under­stand how you inter­act with our Ser­vices, to mon­i­tor aggre­gate usage by our users and web traf­fic rout­ing on our Ser­vices, and to cus­tomize and improve our Ser­vices.
Most Inter­net browsers auto­mat­i­cal­ly accept cook­ies.
You can instruct your browser, by chang­ing its set­tings, to stop accept­ing cook­ies or to prompt you before accept­ing a cook­ie from the web­sites you vis­it.
How­ev­er, some Ser­vices may not func­tion prop­er­ly if you dis­able cook­ies.
Log Data.
When you use our Ser­vices, we may receive infor­ma­tion (“Log Data”) such as your IP address, browser type, oper­at­ing sys­tem, the refer­ring web page, pages vis­it­ed, loca­tion, your mobile car­ri­er, device infor­ma­tion (includ­ing device and appli­ca­tion IDs), search terms, and cook­ie infor­ma­tion.
We receive Log Data when you inter­act with our Ser­vices, for exam­ple, when you vis­it our web­sites, sign into our Ser­vices, inter­act with our email noti­fi­ca­tions, use your Sirqul account to authen­ti­cate to a third-par­ty web­site or appli­ca­tion, or vis­it a third-par­ty web­site that includes a Sirqul but­ton or wid­get.
We may also receive Log Data when you click on, view or inter­act with a link on our Ser­vices to a third-par­ty appli­ca­tion, such as when you choose to install anoth­er appli­ca­tion through Sirqul, App Stores, or via var­i­ous web­site usage.
Sirqul uses Log Data to provide, under­stand, and improve our Ser­vices.
If not already done ear­lier, for exam­ple, as pro­vid­ed below for Wid­get Data, we will either delete Log Data or remove any com­mon account iden­ti­fiers, such as your user­name, full IP address, or email address, after 18 months.
Wid­get Data.
We may tai­lor the Ser­vices for you based on your vis­its to third-par­ty web­sites that inte­grate Sirqul but­tons or wid­gets.
When the­se web­sites first load our but­tons or wid­gets for dis­play, we receive Log Data that includes the web page you vis­it­ed and a cook­ie that iden­ti­fies your browser (“Wid­get Data”).
After a max­i­mum of 10 days, we start the process of delet­ing, de-iden­ti­fy­ing, or aggre­gat­ing Wid­get Data, which is usu­al­ly instan­ta­neous but in some cas­es may take up to a week.
We may use Wid­get Data to tai­lor con­tent for you, such as sug­ges­tions for peo­ple to fol­low on Sirqul and oth­er con­tent you may be inter­est­ed in.
Tai­lored con­tent is stored with only browser cook­ies or device IDs and is sep­a­rat­ed from oth­er Wid­get Data such as page-vis­it infor­ma­tion.
For Posts, Log Data, and oth­er infor­ma­tion that we receive from inter­ac­tions with Sirqul but­tons or wid­gets, please see the oth­er sec­tions of this Pri­va­cy Pol­i­cy.
Com­merce Ser­vices.
You may provide your pay­ment infor­ma­tion, includ­ing your cred­it or deb­it card num­ber, card expi­ra­tion date, CVV code, and billing address (col­lec­tive­ly, “Pay­ment Infor­ma­tion”), along with your ship­ping address, to com­plete a com­merce trans­ac­tion on Sirqul.
You may also provide your cred­it or deb­it card num­ber to reg­is­ter for card-linked ser­vices, such as offers.
To facil­i­tate future pur­chas­es on Sirqul, we store your Pay­ment Infor­ma­tion, exclud­ing CVV code, and ship­ping address, which you can remove from your account at any time using your account set­tings.
We con­sid­er your Pay­ment Infor­ma­tion and ship­ping address pri­vate and do not make such infor­ma­tion pub­lic.
We col­lect and store infor­ma­tion cre­at­ed by your pur­chas­es made on Sirqul (“Trans­ac­tion Data”).
If you reg­is­ter your cred­it or deb­it card with Sirqul for card-linked ser­vices, we receive infor­ma­tion about the card trans­ac­tions from a third-par­ty pay­ment ser­vices provider (“Reg­is­tered Card Data”).
Trans­ac­tion Data and Reg­is­tered Card Data may include the merchant’s name and the date, time and amount of the trans­ac­tion.
Sirqul uses Reg­is­tered Card Data to ver­i­fy eli­gi­bil­i­ty for card-linked ser­vices, and may also use Reg­is­tered Card Data to lim­it the num­ber of offers avail­able to you and keep track of your offers.
Third-Par­ties and Affil­i­ates.
Sirqul uses a vari­ety of third-par­ty ser­vices to help provide our Ser­vices to help us under­stand and improve the use of our Ser­vices, such as Google Ana­lyt­ics.
The­se third-par­ty ser­vice providers may col­lect infor­ma­tion sent by your browser as part of a web page request, such as cook­ies or your IP address.
Third-par­ty ad part­ners may share infor­ma­tion with us, like a browser cook­ie ID, web­site URL vis­it­ed, mobile device ID, or cryp­to­graph­ic hash of a com­mon account iden­ti­fier (such as an email address), to help us mea­sure and tai­lor ads.
For exam­ple, this allows us to dis­play ads about things you may have already shown inter­est in.
We may also receive infor­ma­tion about you from our cor­po­rate affil­i­ates in order to help provide, under­stand, and improve our Ser­vices and our affil­i­ates’ ser­vices, includ­ing the deliv­ery of ads.
Information Sharing and Disclosure.
Your Con­sent.
We may share or dis­close your infor­ma­tion at your direc­tion, such as when you autho­rize a third-par­ty web client or appli­ca­tion to access your Sirqul account.
Ser­vice Providers.
We engage ser­vice providers to per­form func­tions and provide ser­vices to us in the Unit­ed States and abroad.
We may share your pri­vate per­son­al infor­ma­tion with such ser­vice providers sub­ject to con­fi­den­tial­i­ty oblig­a­tions con­sis­tent with this Pri­va­cy Pol­i­cy, and on the con­di­tion that the third par­ties use your pri­vate per­son­al data only on our behalf and pur­suant to our instruc­tions.
We share your Pay­ment Infor­ma­tion with pay­ment ser­vices providers to process pay­ments.
pre­vent, detect and inves­ti­gate fraud or oth­er pro­hib­it­ed activ­i­ties.
facil­i­tate dis­pute res­o­lu­tion such as charge­backs or refunds.
and for oth­er pur­pos­es asso­ci­at­ed with the accep­tance of cred­it or deb­it cards.
We may share your cred­it or deb­it card num­ber with pay­ment ser­vices providers, or third par­ties autho­rized by them, to mon­i­tor card trans­ac­tions at par­tic­i­pat­ing mer­chants and track redemp­tion activ­i­ty for the pur­pos­es of pro­vid­ing card-linked ser­vices.
Sell­ers of Goods and Ser­vices.
If you buy goods or ser­vices on Sirqul, we may provide the sell­er, com­merce provider or mar­ket­place with your name, email address, ship­ping address, Pay­ment Infor­ma­tion and Trans­ac­tion Data to facil­i­tate pay­ment pro­cess­ing, order ful­fill­ment and dis­pute res­o­lu­tion (includ­ing pay­ment and ship­ping dis­putes) and to help pre­vent, detect and inves­ti­gate fraud or oth­er pro­hib­it­ed activ­i­ties.
Please refer to the­se third par­ties’ pri­va­cy poli­cies for infor­ma­tion about their pri­va­cy prac­tices.
Law and Harm.
Notwith­stand­ing any­thing to the con­trary in this Pol­i­cy, we may pre­serve or dis­close your infor­ma­tion if we believe that it is rea­son­ably nec­es­sary to com­ply with a law, reg­u­la­tion or legal request.
to pro­tect the safe­ty of any per­son.
to address fraud, secu­ri­ty or tech­ni­cal issues.
or to pro­tect Sirqul’s rights or prop­er­ty.
How­ev­er, noth­ing in this Pri­va­cy Pol­i­cy is intend­ed to lim­it any legal defens­es or objec­tions that you may have to a third party’s, includ­ing a government’s, request to dis­close your infor­ma­tion.
Busi­ness Trans­fers and Affil­i­ates.
In the event that Sirqul is involved in a bank­rupt­cy, merg­er, acqui­si­tion, reor­ga­ni­za­tion or sale of assets, your infor­ma­tion may be sold or trans­ferred as part of that trans­ac­tion.
This Pri­va­cy Pol­i­cy will apply to your infor­ma­tion as trans­ferred to the new enti­ty.
We may also dis­close infor­ma­tion about you to our cor­po­rate affil­i­ates in order to help provide, under­stand, and improve our Ser­vices and our affil­i­ates’ ser­vices, includ­ing the deliv­ery of ads.
Non-Pri­vate or Non-Per­son­al Infor­ma­tion.
We may share or dis­close your non-pri­vate, aggre­gat­ed or oth­er­wise non-per­son­al infor­ma­tion, such as your pub­lic user pro­file infor­ma­tion, pub­lic con­tent, the peo­ple you fol­low or that fol­low you, or the num­ber of users who clicked on a par­tic­u­lar link (even if only one did), or reports to adver­tis­ers about unique users who saw or clicked on their ads after we have removed any pri­vate per­son­al infor­ma­tion (such as your name or con­tact infor­ma­tion).
Modifying Your Personal Information.
If you are a reg­is­tered user of our Ser­vices, we provide you with tools and account set­tings to access or mod­i­fy the per­son­al infor­ma­tion you pro­vid­ed to us and asso­ci­at­ed with your account.
You can also per­ma­nent­ly delete your Sirqul account.
When your account is deac­ti­vat­ed, it is not view­able on Sirqul.
com.
For up to 30 days after deac­ti­va­tion it is still pos­si­ble to restore your account if it was acci­den­tal­ly or wrong­ful­ly deac­ti­vat­ed.
After 30 days, we begin the process of delet­ing your account from our sys­tems, which can take up to a week.
Our Policy Towards Children.
Our Ser­vices are not direct­ed to per­sons under 13.
If you become aware that your child has pro­vid­ed us with per­son­al infor­ma­tion with­out your con­sent, please con­tact us at We do not know­ing­ly col­lect per­son­al infor­ma­tion from chil­dren under 13.
If we become aware that a child under 13 has pro­vid­ed us with per­son­al infor­ma­tion, we take steps to remove such infor­ma­tion and ter­mi­nate the child’s account.
EU Safe Harbor Framework.
Sirqul com­plies with the U.
S.
-E.
U.
and U.
S.
-Swiss Safe Har­bor Pri­va­cy Prin­ci­ples of notice, choice, onward trans­fer, secu­ri­ty, data integri­ty, access, and enforce­ment.
To learn more about the Safe Har­bor pro­gram, please vis­it the U.
S.
Depart­ment of Com­merce web­site.
Changes to this Policy.
We may revise this Pri­va­cy Pol­i­cy from time to time.
The most cur­rent ver­sion of the pol­i­cy will gov­ern our use of your infor­ma­tion and will always be at  If we make a change to this pol­i­cy that, in our sole dis­cre­tion, is mate­ri­al, we will noti­fy you via an update or email to the email address asso­ci­at­ed with your account.
By con­tin­u­ing to access or use the Ser­vices after those changes become effec­tive, you agree to be bound by the revised Pri­va­cy Pol­i­cy.
Effec­tive.
April 8, 2014Pre­vi­ous Sirqul, Inc Pri­va­cy Pol­i­cyQues­tions about this Pri­va­cy Pol­i­cy.
Please, let us know.
About.
Sirqul™ pro­vides an Engage­ment-as-a-Ser­vice (EaaS) IoT Plat­form with Smart Mesh net­work tech­nol­o­gy to dri­ve engage­ment, oper­a­tional effi­cien­cy, rapid inno­va­tion and new rev­enue streams.
At the foun­da­tion of Sirqul’s plat­form are 400 APIs, 80 ser­vices, and 30 indus­try focused, cus­tomiz­able white-label appli­ca­tion tem­plates for rapid­ly deploy­ing IoT instances on a scal­able build­ing block plat­form.
We are thought lead­ers, engi­neers, cre­ative thinkers and mobile app devel­op­ers with over 23 years of tech exper­tise in device-to-device com­mu­ni­ca­tions, back­end infra­struc­ture and mobile.
Our mis­sion is to cre­ate a tru­ly dis­rup­tive and viral­ly adopt­ed full stack IoT plat­form with no heavy lift­ing — hard­ware, soft­ware and mobile.
From the small­est devel­op­ment teams to For­tune 50, inno­v­a­tive orga­ni­za­tions use Sirqul to reduce the time from IoT inspi­ra­tion – to real­i­ty.
Recent News.
Sirqul CEO chosen as top 101 CEOs  in the Internet of Things SpaceMay 18, 2022.
44 Most Innovative Location Based Services Startups & Companies (Washington, United States)April 8, 2022.
Sirqul Welcomes New Strategic Alliance Partners —  Wiliot, Yep, Xify, and SEVA.
LOVEMarch 24, 2022.
Contacts.
Copyright © 2019 Sirqul.
All rights reserved.
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
About.
Media.
Partners.
