SolutionsDevelopersEngineersExecutivesAnalysts.
Developers.
Engineers.
Executives.
Analysts.
ProductsIndustrial IoTSecurityEdge ComputingDHTP – The DataHub Transfer ProtocolIIoT Protocol ComparisonDemoSkkyHub™ ServicePlant NetworkingRemote MonitoringService TypesSign UpFAQDataHub® MiddlewareMicrosoftSiemensAVEVAETK – Embedded ToolkitIoT GatewaysTested DevicesRed LionFinancial VINE™Vine Success Stories.
Industrial IoTSecurityEdge ComputingDHTP – The DataHub Transfer ProtocolIIoT Protocol ComparisonDemo.
Security.
Edge Computing.
DHTP – The DataHub Transfer Protocol.
IIoT Protocol Comparison.
Demo.
SkkyHub™ ServicePlant NetworkingRemote MonitoringService TypesSign UpFAQ.
Plant Networking.
Remote Monitoring.
Service Types.
Sign Up.
FAQ.
DataHub® MiddlewareMicrosoftSiemensAVEVA.
Microsoft.
Siemens.
AVEVA.
ETK – Embedded ToolkitIoT GatewaysTested DevicesRed Lion.
IoT Gateways.
Tested Devices.
Red Lion.
Financial VINE™Vine Success Stories.
Vine Success Stories.
PartnersMicrosoftSiemensAVEVAJoin Now.
Microsoft.
Siemens.
AVEVA.
Join Now.
LibraryNewsBlogTech TalkVideosWhite PapersCase StudiesDocumentationArchives.
News.
Blog.
Tech Talk.
Videos.
White Papers.
Case Studies.
Documentation.
Archives.
About UsManagementCustomersInvestorsCareersLegal Notices.
Management.
Customers.
Investors.
Careers.
Legal Notices.
Search.
MenuMenu.
Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy.
Skkynet has updated our Privacy Policy applicable to our online and mobile websites, services, and applications and clarified data sharing practices among Skkynet and its Affiliates.
Please take the time to read the full Privacy Policy.
You consent to the data collection, use, disclosure and storage practices described in this Privacy Policy when you use any of our Skkynet Network Sites, including when you access any content.
Thank you for visiting this website presented to you by Skkynet Cloud Systems, Inc.
(“Skkynet”, “we” or “us”).
Your privacy is very important to us.
As such, we provide this Privacy Policy to you explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is handled by Skkynet and its Affiliates.
A representative list of Skkynet Affiliates is available below.
Annex 1 further describes the definitions used in this Privacy Policy.
This Agreement was last updated on November 19, 2018.
TABLE OF CONTENTS.
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.
NON-IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.
GEO-LOCATION INFORMATION.
INFORMATION FROM SOCIAL NETWORKS AND PLATFORMS.
YOUR SERVICES DATA.
HOW SKKYNET USES YOUR INFORMATION.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE.
COOKIES, WEB BEACONS, ANALYTICS.
ADVERTISING AND TRACKING.
LINKED SITES.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER.
COMMITMENT TO SECURITY.
HOW TO CONTACT US, ACCESS AND CORRECT INFORMATION.
SKKYNET AFFILIATES.
UPDATES.
ANNEX 1.
1.
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.
At some Skkynet Network Sites, you can post an opinion, subscribe to one of our services such as our online newsletters, or participate in one of our online forums or communities.
In the course of these various offerings, we may seek to collect from you various forms of Personally Identifiable Information.
Examples of the types of Personally Identifiable Information that may be collected at these pages include.
name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and fax number.
Some Skkynet Network Sites, may require that only persons who provide us with the requested Personally Identifiable Information will be able to order products, programs, and services or otherwise participate in the Sites’ activities and offerings.
2.
NON-IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.
We, our third party service providers, agencies, and partners may collect various types of Non-Identifiable Information that are anonymous, de-identified or otherwise not intended to personally identify you when you visit any of our Skkynet Network Sites.
A representative, non-exhaustive list of the types of Non-Identifiable Information collected may include.
network or Internet protocol address and type of browser you are using (e.
g.
, Internet Explorer, Chrome, Safari, Firefox), the type of operating system you are using, (e.
g.
, Microsoft Windows, Android, iOS or Mac OS), the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.
g.
, AT&T, Rogers or Verizon), mobile network, device identifiers, advertising identifiers, the web pages of the Skkynet Network Sites you have visited, sites visited before and after you visit a Skkynet Network Site, the type of handheld or mobile device used to view the Skkynet Network Site (e.
g.
, Android, iPhone, Blackberry), general location information (e.
g.
, city, county, and/or state), the content you have accessed, seen, forwarded and/or clicked on.
3.
GEO-LOCATION INFORMATION.
If you are accessing a Skkynet Network Site from a mobile device or through a mobile application, you may be asked to share your geo-location information with us so we can customize your experience.
If you agree to such collection, you will be able to turn off such data collection at any time by accessing the privacy settings of your mobile device and/or through the settings in the applicable mobile application.
4.
INFORMATION FROM SOCIAL NETWORKS AND PLATFORMS.
You also can engage with our content, such as video, applications, courses and other offerings, on or through third-party platforms and social networking sites, such as Facebook, or other third-party social media plug-ins and applications.
When you engage with our content on or through third party social networking sites, plug-ins or applications, you may allow us to have access to certain Personally Identifiable Information and Non Identifiable Information from your social media profile (e.
g.
, name, e-mail address, photo, gender, birthday, location, user files like photos and videos, your list of friends, people you follow and/or who follow you, the posts or the ‘likes’ you make, etc.
) to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the Skkynet Network Site.
We may also obtain Non- Identifiable Information (e.
g.
, content viewed, game performance, high scores, and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on through third-party platforms) from your interaction with our content.
Through some social networking sites’ privacy settings, you can control what information you share.
For a description on how social networking sites handle your information, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use.
5.
YOUR SERVICES DATA.
When using the Services, you may provide Services Data to us.
We will not review, share, distribute, or reference any such Services Data, except as to provide the Services, to prevent or address service or technical problems, or at your request in connection with customer support matters or as may be required by law.
Specifically in providing the Services, we may store your Services Data on our servers on a persistent storage medium (e.
g.
, a hard drive) for a limited amount of time in order to facilitate graphing of recent historical data.
We store such data only if i) it has been explicitly configured to be stored, or ii) it has been or is currently configured as the data source of a historical UI facility (e.
g.
, a trend chart or historical table).
Data not meeting these criteria are stored only in-memory and only the most recently provided value of each data item is stored.
6.
HOW SKKYNET USES YOUR INFORMATION.
Skkynet may use information or data you provide to us, to fulfill your requests for our products, courses, programs, and services, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, to offer you other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you, to enforce the legal terms that govern your use of our Skkynet Network Sites, and/or for the purposes for which you provided the information.
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you, such as to notify you when an important software update is available (e.
g.
, a security patch), to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter or notification, or to contact you about your account with us.
The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience.
We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and, from time to time, to offer you products, programs, services or customized experiences.
If you choose to submit content for publication (e.
g.
, comments sent to our communication director, a posting to a blog or a discussion board), we may publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us.
We may on occasion combine information we collect through our Skkynet Network Sites with information that we collect from other sources.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if you register and create a profile with our Skkynet Network Sites, the screen name you select as well as other content you submit to your profile (e.
g.
, photos, comments, reviews) will be displayed publicly on the Skkynet Network Sites and may be reused and redistributed by us in our sole discretion, as set forth in our Terms of Use.
We, the Skkynet Affiliates, our third party service providers, agencies, or our partners use the Non-Identifiable Information that is collected to improve the design and content of our Skkynet Network Sites, to deliver more relevant marketing messages, to enable us to personalize your Internet experience, and to perform analytics.
We also may use this information to analyze usage of our Skkynet Network Sites or content, as well as to offer you products, programs, or services.
When you provide information from your social media account, it can help enable us to do things like (1) give you exclusive content, (2) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our Skkynet Network Sites, (3) contact you through the social networking sites or directly by sending you the latest news, promotions and special offerings, and (4) enable you to share your experience and content via social networking sites.
By doing so, you consent to the use of this information in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
When you provide Personally Identifiable Information to us through an application, on our Skkynet Network Sites, or on social networking sites, it may be publicly viewed by other members of these sites and we cannot prevent further use of the information by third parties.
We use credit card information solely to check the financial qualifications and collect payment from prospective customers.
7.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE.
Skkynet may disclose information we have collected from you, or the device used to access the Skkynet Network Sites, or Services Data in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena.
We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request, or where we believe in our sole discretion it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Skkynet Network Sites and applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements.
In addition, we may transfer information if we, or one of our business units, are acquired by, sold to, merged with or otherwise transferred to another entity.
Our agents and contractors who have access to Personally Identifiable Information or Services Data are required to protect this Personally Identifiable Information and Services Data in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and are not authorized to use the Personally Identifiable Information or Services Data for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for us.
Skkynet may disclose Personally Identifiable Information and/or Non-Identifiable Information to third parties whose practices are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
For example, we may share such Personally Identifiable Information we collect with our Skkynet Affiliates to provide, improve and communicate with you about their own products and services.
A representative list of our affiliates is available in the Skkynet Affiliates section below.
If you have signed up to receive our e-mails and prefer not to receive marketing information from this Skkynet Network Site, follow the “unsubscribe” instructions provided on any marketing e-mail you receive from this Site.
To provide visitors with additional or more relevant product and service opportunities, to improve and personalize the Skkynet Network Sites and to perform analytics, and for the additional uses discussed in this Privacy Policy, we may share Non-Identifiable Information with the Skkynet Affiliates, third party service providers, agencies, or our partners.
8.
COOKIES, WEB BEACONS, ANALYTICS.
To enhance your online experience, we use “cookies” or similar technologies.
Cookies are text files placed in your computer’s browser to store your preferences.
We use cookies to understand Skkynet Network Sites and Internet usage and to improve or customize the content, offerings or advertisements on our Sites.
For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our Sites (e.
g.
, to recognize you by name when you return to a Skkynet Network Site), save your password in password-protected areas, and enable you to use shopping carts on our Sites.
We also may use cookies to help us offer you products, programs, or services that may be of interest to you.
We, our third party service providers, agencies or our partners may also use “web beacons” or clear .
GIFs, or similar technologies, which are small pieces of code placed on a Skkynet Network Site or in an email, to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a Skkynet Network Site or email.
For example, web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that Site.
Web beacons may also be used to provide information on the effectiveness of our email campaigns (e.
g.
, open rates, clicks, forwards, etc.
).
Skkynet may use the services of reputable third parties to provide us with data collection, reporting, website and mobile application analytics, as well as to assist with delivery of relevant content and marketing messages.
These third parties may view, edit or set their own cookies.
We, our third party service providers, agencies and/or partners may also place web beacons or similar technologies for these third parties.
The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this Privacy Policy.
9.
ADVERTISING AND TRACKING.
Skkynet Network Sites do not display or provide advertising for third party advertisers, and therefore do not employ any tracking tools used for advertising purposes.
As such, Skkynet is not a participant in any online industry advertising programs such as the Digital Advertising Alliance (the “DAA”).
At this time Skkynet Network Sites do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include “do not track” instructions.
However, you can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser.
You may set your browser to accept all cookies, block certain cookies, require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser, or block all cookies.
Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience and may prevent you from enjoying the full features offered at Skkynet Network Sites.
Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information.
10.
LINKED SITES.
Some of the Skkynet Network Sites contain links to or integrations with other sites such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.
, whose information practices may be different than ours.
Visitors should consult the other sites’ privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
11.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER.
Skkynet operates globally so it is necessary to transfer your information internationally.
In particular, your information will likely be transferred to and processed in the United States where many of our central databases operate.
The data protection and other laws of other countries, such as the United States, may not be as comprehensive as those in your country.
Please be assured that we take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected.
By using this Skkynet Network Site or our Services you consent to your information being collected, used and transferred as set forth in this privacy statement.
12.
COMMITMENT TO SECURITY.
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, to maintain data security, and to use correctly the information we collect online.
These safeguards vary based on the sensitivity of the information that we collect and store.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that Personally Identifiable Information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy statement.
13.
HOW TO CONTACT US, ACCESS AND CORRECT INFORMATION.
If you have any questions or concerns about the online Privacy Policy for this site, Affiliate sites, our Services, or its implementation you may contact us at or by regular mail at.
Skkynet Cloud Systems, Inc.
, Attention.
Privacy, 2233 Argentia Road, Suite 306, Mississauga, ON, L5N 2X7, Canada, or by telephone at.
1-888-628-2028 or +1-905-702-7851, or by facsimile at.
+1-905-702-7661.
Access to Personally Identifiable Information that is collected from our Skkynet Network Sites and that we maintain may be available to you.
For example, if you created a password-protected account within our Skkynet Network Site, you can access that account to review the information you provided.
You may also send an e-mail or letter to us requesting access to or correction or deletion of your Personally Identifiable Information.
For verification purposes please include your first name, last name, e-mail address and the password you use for such service.
14.
SKKYNET AFFILIATES.
Below is a representative list of some of the Skkynet companies that currently may have access to the information collected from users on our Sites as set forth in this privacy policy.
We may update this list from time-to-time, so please check back periodically to keep up-to-date.
Skkynet Cloud Systems, Inc.
(USA).
Skkynet, Inc.
(USA).
Skkynet Corp.
(Canada).
Cogent Real-Time Systems Inc.
(Canada).
Skkynet Japan 株式会社 (Ltd.
).
15.
UPDATES.
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy.
We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat Personally Identifiable Information by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice on our Site.
We encourage you to periodically check back and review this Privacy Policy so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and with whom we share it.
ANNEX 1.
Definitions and Descriptions.
“Affiliate” has the meaning set out in Section 14.
“Non-Identifiable Information” means information that is anonymous, de-identified or otherwise not intended to personally identify you.
“Personally Identifiable Information” means information which can be used to distinguish or trace your identity.
“Privacy Policy” means this privacy policy statement.
“Services” consists of the functionality performed by the Skkynet products or software, as well as any other services provided by Skkynet as set out under a Skkynet Master Subscription Agreement, or otherwise.
“Services Data” refers to the data or information collected, processed, or otherwise provided, used in, passing through, residing or forming part of the Services and any Skkynet Network Sites or environment used in providing the Services, by or for you.
(e.
g.
, data from your devices, industrial facilities or machines, WebView™ setup, custom scripts, etc.
).
“Skkynet Network Site(s)” consists of Skkynet’s site and Skkynet’s network of affiliated and operated websites and applications, which includes any online or mobile sites, applications or services owned, operated or offered by or on behalf of Skkynet or its Affiliates.
“you” or “your” refers to the individual or entity that has visited, or submitted data or information on a Skkynet Network Site, or ordered Services from Skkynet.
Terms of Use.
Subscription Agreement.
End User License.
ETK License.
Privacy Policy.
Intellectual Property.
Contact Us.
Skkynet Cloud Systems, Inc.
2233 Argentia Road, Suite 306Mississauga, ON L5N 2X7.
International 1.
905.
702.
7851US/CA Toll Free 1.
888.
702.
7851.
Who We Are.
Skkynet has been helping organizations securely share real-time data for more than 20 years.
We offer privately-hosted or fully managed solutions for moving data in industrial, embedded and financial systems, from anywhere to anywhere.
Skkynet Products.
Recent Posts.
Skkynet Continues Strong Growth with Q2 2022 Financial Results.
For MQTT Smarter is Better.
Accessing Production Data vs Cybersecurity.
Skkynet Continues Growth with Q1 2022 Financial Results.
Calling for Resilience.
Contact Us.
Skkynet Cloud Systems, Inc.
2233 Argentia Road, Suite 306Mississauga, ON L5N 2X7.
International 1.
905.
702.
7851US/CA Toll Free 1.
888.
702.
7851.
Library.
Investors.
This site uses cookies.
By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies.
Cookie and Privacy Settings.
We may request cookies to be set on your device.
We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more.
You can also change some of your preferences.
Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions.
You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website.
But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that.
You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience.
If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored.
Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains.
You can check these in your browser security settings.
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here.
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers.
Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here.
Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site.
Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings.
Google Map Settings.
Google reCaptcha Settings.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds.
The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them.
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
