SKS Kontakttechnik.
Home.
Company.
News.
Download.
Contact.
Jobs.
Privacy Policy.
SKS KONTAKTTECHNIK on data protection.
1.
Introduction and scope.
We are delighted that you are interested in our company, products, and services and would like to provide you with some key information regarding our data processing activities.
Protecting personal data is crucial, particularly for the future of Internet-based business models and the development of Internet-based economies.
With this notice on data protection, we want to emphasize our commitment to protecting your privacy.
Our staff and our service providers are bound to confidentiality and to comply with the provisions of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws.
We take the protection of your personal data seriously and strictly adhere to the rules of the respective applicable data protection laws.
Definition.
“Personal data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (data subject), for instance, name, geographical address, contact data, user ID, IP address, photo and video recordings, location data, etc.
The following notice informs you about the data processing activities in relation to your personal data.
2.
Data controller / Data protection officer.
SKS Kontakttechnik GmbH.
Neue Schichtstraße 14.
09366 Niederdorf, Deutschland.
telephone.
+49 37296 930 300.
e-Mail.
This email address is being protected from spambots.
You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
SKS Kontakttechnik GmbH is part of the PHOENIX CONTACT group.
For general questions about data protection at Phoenix Contact, please contact.
Phoenix Contact GmbH & Co.
KG – Data Protection Officer – Flachsmarktstr.
8 32825 Blomberg, Germany This email address is being protected from spambots.
You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
3.
Categories of data / Purposes.
3.
1.
Data processing on our websites.
For security and technical reasons, we automatically process information transmitted by your device's browser to our system protocols.
This includes, but is not limited to.
Browser type/version,.
Operating system used,.
Requested URLs (website) on our systems,.
Referrer URL (the website that referred to our website),.
Host name and full IP address or unique ID of the device accessing the site,.
Date and time of call,.
Data volumes and file types called.
These data will not be aggregated with data from other sources, nor do we carry out personalized statistical analysis based on these data.
We process IP addresses in full length (i.
e.
without IP masking) only to the technically required extent.
3.
2.
Contacting us.
When you submit a contact request or a query to us (e.
g.
by calling or faxing our office, sending an email to us or using any of the contact forms on our websites), we process the personal data you have provided us with.
Depending on the content of your request, different retention periods may apply to your data.
These can be 10 years in individual cases, provided that your request is relevant under the respective applicable law.
The form data that you entered on the website will be deleted after 12 months (calculated from the end of the current calendar year).
3.
3 Download CAD files.
If you want to download a CAD file, you must provide an e-mail address to which we will send a download link.
3.
4 Use of collaboration tools.
When you work with us using collaboration tools (e.
g.
, IT systems for email, messaging, appointment setting, web conferencing, data exchange), we process the personal data you provide.
If you access the website of a service provider, the respective service provider is responsible for data processing and its privacy statement applies.
Communication outside of telephone/fax/letter,.
Art.
6 (1) (b) GDPRIf no contractual relationship exists, the legal basis is Art.
6 (1) (f) GDPR.
Our interest in these cases is the effective provision of electronic information exchange, e.
g.
, in the form of e-mails, chats or web conferences.
Master data.
Name, if applicable display/username (pseudonym), if applicable personnel number, if applicable profile picture, business contact data (e.
g.
e-mail address, telephone number), function in the company, structural assignment, business location data, if applicable personal ID.
E-mails / web conferences / webinars / messages / appointments.
Sender, recipient, participants, time of contact, if applicable password, preferred language, video and audio data, image data, text data, attachments (all information that the sender enters in the respective message / document, so-called unstructured data), meeting ID.
Companies involved in the interaction.
Data processing outside the European Union (EU) does not generally take place, as we have limited the processing and storage of data to data centers within the European Union.
However, we cannot exclude the routing of data via Internet servers located in a third country outside the EU.
By its nature, this is particularly the case if, for example, participants in an interaction are located in a third country.
Guarantees according to Art.
46 GDPR.
Phoenix Contact internally.
International Phoenix Contact data processing framework agreement, based on EU Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC).
Service providers and their sub processors.
Data processing agreement according to Art.
28 GDPR, if necessary, with inclusion of EU Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC).
3.
5 Customer relationship management (CRM).
Customer relationship management requires processing personal data related to our customer, if he or she is a natural person, and/or the designated contact person, where applicable.
Art.
6 (1) (b) GDPR with respect to the initiation of business transactions.
Legitimate interests.
see purposes of the processing.
First name, last name, title, business addresses, additional addressed, official contact details (telephone number, fax number, email address), form of address, department and function in the company.
Companies that provide contractual services on our behalf and for defined purposes.
3.
6 Request for quotation / order processing.
We process your personal data especially, but not limited to requests for quotation, order processing, sample order, license processing or configuration.
Art.
6 (1) (b) GDPR(required to fulfill an agreement or to initiate an agreement).
Art.
6 (1) (f) GDPR(legitimate interests).
The processing of the personal data mentioned here is essential for executing the contractual relationship or is required by law.
3.
7 Supplier management / Purchase order processing.
We process your personal data when processing your purchase orders.
The process and the use of the personal data are intended to cover the demands regarding externally procured materials, investments and services.
Selection of optimal sources of supply, reduction of procurement risk, quality assurance, minimization of default risks (supplier, goods).
Art.
6 (1) (b) GDPR(required to fulfill an agreement or to initiate an agreement).
Art.
6 (1) (f) GDPR(legitimate interests).
Legitimate interests of the controller and consideration regarding the rights of personality of the data subjects.
For legitimate interests, see “Purposes of the processing” above.
Name, title, business address, additional addresses, business contact details (telephone number, fax number, email address), form of address, department and function in the company, bank details, control data, VAT ID number.
Result of the assessment.
1) Assessment results obtained.
Credit rating/risk index, shareholder structure based on various basic data, audit report.
2) Various own key figures such as.
ABC classification, supplier profile, evaluation number.
free text (risk report).
From the data subject.
From credit reporting agencies.
Companies of the Phoenix Contact Group.
Within an intragroup, cross-company supplier management, data from suppliers are also made available to Phoenix Contact companies worldwide if required.
Master data of a supplier are stored in the system as long as there is a contractual relationship, or a contractual relationship cannot be ruled out for the future.
Furthermore, these data are immediately changed or blocked/deleted if the supplier/contact person as a natural person so requires, or if the responsible purchaser becomes aware of incorrect data.
(in each case subject to statutory retention periods).
Procurement documents are deleted after expiry of the retention period of the respective applicable law (max.
10 years) and upon completion of the tax audit.
Own audit reports on quality are stored up to 10 years for a long-term supplier development and for the quality proof in customer audits.
The processing of the personal data mentioned here is necessary for the supplier management or the handling of business transactions.
3.
8 Job applicant’s data.
We process the personal data you provide to us as part of a job application and/or registration in the Phoenix Contact Application Portal.
Art.
88 (1) GDPR in conjunction with § 26 BDSG(Initiation of employment relationship).
Name, title, address, contact details, date of birth, citizenship.
CV, certificates, qualifications, photo (optional), entered data as part of an optional recruitment test.
if need be, (short) assessment of the applicant by our employees.
log data.
Application details.
from the data subject.
Assessment details.
Recruiter, HR Officer, manager of the department, (specialized) instructor.
Within the trainee selection.
designated trainees.
Companies that provide services on our behalf and for defined purposes.
After completing the application process (for apprentices/students/trainees.
after completing the application process of the respective year of recruitment) the data will be deleted after six months.
With the consent of the applicant regarding a longer-term storage, data can be stored up to 12 months.
Processing of the personal data mentioned here is necessary for handling the application process.
4.
Cookies.
Our websites only use session cookies that are necessary for the operation of the website.
These are automatically deleted when you close the browser.
All cookies on our websites contain purely technical information in pseudonymized or anonymized form.
they do not contain any personal data.
We ourselves do not store any information in the LSO (Local Shared Objects) area of your computer, so we do not use so-called “Flash Cookies”.
However, other services we may link to, such as YouTube, use this function for their own purposes, where applicable.
5.
Social Media / Social Networks / Cloud Services / External Links.
We do not use any automatically activated plug-ins (e.
g.
, iFrames) of social networks on our websites.
Our social network buttons such as Facebook, Twitter, Xing, LinkedIn, YouTube, etc.
are, if used, mere links to the respective sites of the provider or activate the wanted cloud service.
Once you click on these links, you will be redirected to the pages of the respective social network, or the specific cloud service is being activated.
Please note that once on the social network websites or cloud services, their respective data protection notices are applicable.
In addition, we have an online presence in some of these social networks and platforms to promote our business, inform interested parties/users about our products and services and to communicate with them.
On some of these platforms, user data is processed outside the European Union (EU), even in countries where no data protection level comparable to that of the EU can be guaranteed.
Your personal data is often used for the platform's own purposes, e.
g.
, for market research and advertising purposes or to analyze user behavior for the creation of user profiles.
To this end, cookies from these platforms are usually stored on the user's device.
Although we do not have access to the profile data processed by the platforms, we may be a joint controller for the data processing under the respective applicable data protection laws.
The personal data of the users is processed based on our legitimate interests in simple information and communication with the users pursuant to Art.
6 (1) (f) GDPR.
For detailed information on the processing of your personal data and possible opt-out options, please refer to the following.
Facebook Privacy policy at.
Opt-out at.
.
YouTube / Google (Maps) Privacy policy at.
Opt-out at.
.
Twitter Privacy policy at.
Opt-out at.
.
LinkedIn Privacy policy at.
Opt-out at.
.
XING Privacy policy at.
Opt-out at.
.
6.
Web analyses.
We do not use web analytics tools on our websites.
7.
Further purposes of personal data processing.
In compliance with the respective applicable law, we reserve the right to process your personal data and any other data we hold about you for the purposes of investigating, preventing, or acting in the event of illegal activities and/or suspected fraud as well as the breach of our terms of use.
We do not sell, disclose, or otherwise make available personal data to third parties for marketing purposes.
8.
Secure Internet communication.
We make every effort to ensure that your personal data is transferred and stored using technical and organizational measures to prevent access by unauthorized third parties.
As a general rule, the Internet is regarded as an insecure environment.
To ensure the confidentiality of communications with you, we use an AES 256bit SSL/TLS encryption of our website.
This encryption is regarded as secure, based on the latest technological advancements.
If necessary, you should update the operating system and the browser on your device to benefit from this high-level encryption.
Email communication without encryption does not guarantee comprehensive data security.
Therefore, we recommend using the regular postal mail for confidential information.
9.
Data subject rights.
You are entitled to the following rights, if the respective legal requirements are met.
Right to have access to your data that we store.
rectification, erasure, restriction of processing your data or the right to object to the processing, as well as data portability.
If you have given your consent to data processing, you can revoke this consent at any time for the future.
If you do not agree to your personal data being saved or this data becomes inaccurate, we will ensure, upon your request, that your data is corrected, blocked or deleted under the statutory provisions.
Upon request, we will send you a list of your personal data, that we have stored.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection supervisory authority of your country of location, if you believe the processing of your personal data is unlawful.
Should you have any questions that have not been addressed in this data protection notice, in case you wish more detailed information regarding a specific point, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Please note that depending on the circumstances, we may require proof of identification to handle any requests regarding your personal data.
10.
Miscellaneous.
In the event that we launch new services, alter our Internet procedures or if the legal requirements change or the Internet and IT security technology is further developed, this notice will be updated accordingly.
In case of amendments, proper notice will be given on this website.
The date of the last update of this notice can be found at the bottom of the page.
Our websites, their services, and functionalities may contain links or references to third-party websites.
Please be aware that this notice does not apply to these other websites.
We encourage you to read the terms of use as well as the data protection notices of any third-party websites you enter.
This notice is effective as of the date it was last updated.
Updated.
January 2022.
Test & Measurement.
High-quality accessories for Test & Measurment.
Tradition and innovation combined in our branded products - Made in Germany.
Read More.
Our exhibition days.
SPS in Nuremberg.
08 - 10 November 2022.
Electronica in Munich.
15 - 18 November 2022.
Driving directions.
Imprint.
Privacy.
