Bovenkant pagina.
SmartTeam.
Privacy Statement.
SmartTeam protects your personal data and privacy.
In this privacy policy, we inform you which personal data we collect and in what way we store and use it.
This privacy policy applies to our website  (the Website) and services we, SmartTeam, provide.
​.
Which data do we store.
Your personal data can be stored in different ways, such as.
when you visit our Website, when you make a personal account on our Website, when you make use of our services, when you shop on our Website or when you contact us.
We store your data, such as.
name, address, phone number, e-mail address, your order history and payment details.
We apply a retention period of 2 years for your data.
​.
We can also store non-personal data, such as.
the type of your browser, the type of your computer and technical information on how you are reaching our Website.
​.
Why do we store your personal data.
We store and process your data to improve and protect our services and to manage your personal account.
Sometimes we will use your personal data to send you important information, like modifications of our terms and conditions or our privacy policy.
We will not share your information with others, without your permission.
If you have given us your permission, we may contact you for commercial purposes by e-mail.
Upon deactivation of your account we will retain your e-mail address for a period of 2 years, so we can keep you informed about urgent information that is relevant to you.
​.
How do we protect your personal data.
We are doing everything possible to protect your personal data from loss, destruction, usage, alterations or distribution by unauthorised persons.
Your data is stored in a database.
The server that hosts this database is protected against unauthorised access by means of firewalls, authentication and encryption.
The software that we use has security settings ensuring that information isn’t lost, misused or altered.
This way, third parties who have nothing to do with your data, cannot reach it.
​.
How can I see, modify, or delete my personal data.
You can see, change or delete your data by sending an email to .
CookiesWe may use cookies to improve your experience on our Website.
A cookie is a tiny piece of information that will be saved to your computer when you visit our Website.
Cookies make it possible for our Website to recognise you when you return to us.
Furthermore, cookies make your Website experience quicker and safer.
Cookies also make it easier for us to spot errors on our Website.
If you want to disable cookies, you can change the settings of your browser.
But please note.
you will not have the best experience that our Website has to offer.
Outgoing linksThis Website may contain links to other websites.
We are not responsible for the content or (lack of) privacy protection of those websites.
Therefore, we advise you to always read the privacy statements of the linked websites.
Alterations of the Privacy PolicyWe may update this privacy policy, from time to time.
If we alter this policy profoundly, we will notify you by e-mail and we will mention it on the Website.
​.
Questions.
If you have any questions, you can send an e-mail to.
.
Download this document.
© 2017 SmartTeam.
