Skip to primary navigation.
Skip to main content.
Skip to primary sidebar.
Skip to footer.
SmartFactory-KL.
Technologie-Initiative SmartFactory KL e.
V.
About UsAbout UsMembers & PromotersCareer.
About Us.
Members & Promoters.
Career.
Research & IndustryIndustry TransferPublications.
Industry Transfer.
Publications.
Industrie 4.
0Industrie 4.
0 Plant.
Industrie 4.
0 Plant.
PressPressNewsPress ReviewTrade Shows.
Press.
News.
Press Review.
Trade Shows.
Downloads.
Newsletter.
Newsletter.
German.
Privacy Policy.
Data Protection Notice.
Personal Data.
According to Article 4 Nr.
1 DSGVO, personal data includes any information that is referring to an identified or identifiable person, e.
g.
your name, your address, your email address, your phone number or your IP address.
Non personal data, such as anonymous data and information, is information that doesn’t identify your person.
a.
Recording and processing of personal data.
On every access to this website, the following information will be collected and temporarily stored in a log file.
IP address.
type/version of web browser.
operating system.
transmitted referred information / URL.
date and time of access.
b.
Newsletter registration.
If you use the registration form for the newsletter sign-up, the following data will be collected and processed.
– your name (optional) – your gender and academic title (optional) – your e-mail address.
In addition, we need information that allows us to verify you as the owner of the e-mail address that was used for the newsletter registration and your confirmation to receiving the newsletter (opt.
-in process, see also Newsletter).
Legitimate interests as lawful basis.
The 7-day storage period of data files solely serves the purpose of securing a proper operation and maintenance of the server, with regard to Art.
6 Abs.
1 lit.
f) DSGVO as the legal basis.
The interest to secure the operational safety of the server and to provide the safest visit possible to our website to you as a user, outweighs any public interest in deleting the data immediately.
Consent.
No personal data other than the automatically recorded log file will be collected without your consent.
You determine what information you want to provide to us in order to receive the newsletter or to enable a direct contact approach from us.
If you provide certain personal data about yourself, you give your consent to recording and processing of the information in terms of data-protection law.
Your information will solely be used to answer your request or to send you business inquiries.
You can cancel your consent to the data processing at any time.
In order to cancel subscriptions to our newsletter for example, you have to follow the unsubscribe link provided in the actual newsletter.
Cookies.
Cookies are small text files that are being stored by your web browser to help us make our website more user-friendly, effective and safer.
According to Article 6 Abs.
lit f DSGVO the usage of cookies is eligible if they are necessary in order to provide certain functions.
There is a legitimate interest to use cookies for an error-free and optimal provision of services.
We use so-called session cookies that are automatically erased at the end of your visit to our website.
You can prevent this by changing to the appropriate settings in your browser options, in order to be informed about the use of cookies or change the settings to only allow cookies for certain websites.
However, if you deactivate the use of cookies completely, the functionality of the website might be limited.
Newsletter.
In order to receive the newsletter offered on our website, you can register by filling out the provided sign-up form on the website.
As a general rule we use the double opt-in method for the registration, which means we need at least your e-mail address.
After registering for the service, you will receive an e-mail from us, containing a link that needs to be confirmed by you.
Until we receive your confirmation e-mail, your registration is not complete and you will not receive the newsletter.
The provided information will solely be used for the mailing of the newsletter.
To send out our newsletter we use rapidmail, which is a German certified newsletter software provider.
Therefore, your information will be transmitted to rapidmail GmbH.
Rapidmail GmbH is not allowed to use any of your data for other purposes but the forwarding of our newsletter.
You can cancel your consent to the storage of your data and their use for the newsletter mailing by following the unsubscribe link in the newsletter, for example.
Security.
In order to protect your personal data from misuse we implement all security measures that are available to us.
Your rights.
You have a legal right to inspect any stored data concerning your person and also the right to demand their correction or deletion and to withdraw your consent for their further use.
If you wish to obtain information or want us to correct or erase your data, or if you have any other questions concerning the use of personal data by us, please contact.
You also have the right to demand restricted processing of your data, the right to file a complaint at an inspecting authority as well as transferability of your data.
Ultimately you have the right to file an objection against data processing being executed based on Article 6 Absatz 1 lit f) DSVGO at any time, for any given reasons resulting your personal situation.
Data protection officer.
DATENSCHUTZ-CONSULT.
DE.
Dr.
Mark Bedner Frühlingstr.
8 66424 Homburg Phone.
+49 (0)6 84 85 25 86 87 E-Mail.
Primary Sidebar.
Footer.
Site Notice.
Privacy policy.
LinkedIn.
Twitter.
YouTube.
Kontakt.
Technologie-Initiative SmartFactory KL e.
V.
Trippstadter Str.
122 67663 Kaiserslautern.
0631-20575 3401 .
Copyright © 2022 ·  SMARTFACTORY-KL.
