Home.
SolutionsHybrid WorkplaceAI Desk BookingBook Meeting RoomsSpace ManagementCommercial Real Estate.
Hybrid Workplace.
AI Desk Booking.
Book Meeting Rooms.
Space Management.
Commercial Real Estate.
ResourcesBlogsMedia Instant DemoMasterclass.
Blogs.
Media.
Instant Demo.
Masterclass.
Marketplace.
Workplace Lab.
About.
Privacy Policy.
For the purposes of the Privacy Policy, We, Us or Our shall mean Smarten Spaces Pte.
Ltd.
, Smarten Spaces Inc.
,  Linkdigi Spaces Pvt.
Ltd.
, being an entity which has executed a commercial proposal with the Controller to use and administer the mobile application (App) and related products.
The term Controller shall mean any person who has entered into a contract with us to use and administer the mobile application (App) and related products.
The terms You, or Your shall mean any person who uses the App and the related services provided by the Controller.
When you download the App from a link provided by a co-working entity (Controller) and use the App and related products, we may process some information from you upon request of, and on behalf of the Controller.
We are committed to protecting the security of your information and safeguarding your privacy while you use our App or related products and this privacy policy (Privacy Policy) sets out our responsibilities with respect to this information.
Disclosure.
The data received through our web forms maybe used, disclose or otherwise process personal data of our prospects/customers in accordance with the Personal Data Protection Act (“PDPA”) & General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
We use cookies to give you the best online experience by personalizing the content according to your interests.
Usage of Web Form data.
As the data is voluntarily submitted through our web forms, it will be strictly used to establish a contact between the both the parties which includes reaching out through phone calls, text messages, emails, and so on.
What Data do we Collect.
On behalf of the Controller, we collect data, information and other content that is entered into, submitted or uploaded to, or transmitted using the App, and/or related products, by you, or on your behalf.
This may include any data collected in the course of your use of the App or related products, including data generated as a result of accessing the software, and any information you submit in relation to your account.
The data we collect may include personal information such as your name, email address, mobile number, and company name.
We will process data submitted by you in order to provide services in accordance with the instructions of, and pursuant to our agreement with, the Controller.
What is our Liability with respect to this Information.
Please note that we will only collect and process data according to the explicit instructions of the Controller.
The Controller will be responsible for ensuring all privacy standards and compliance with obligations under applicable law in relation to the data collected from you.
We encourage you to read and familiarise yourself with the respective Controller’s privacy policy in order to fully understand your rights and responsibilities with respect to your data.
Our responsibility will therefore be limited to only safeguarding the security of information in accordance with standards of privacy and security standards under applicable law.
Transfer.
Only upon the explicit instructions of the Controller, we may transfer sensitive personal data or any information provided by you, to any other body corporate or a person in India, or located in any other country.
Security and Confidentiality.
We have adopted the appropriate security measures to protect the confidentiality and security of your sensitive personal information.
Amendments We may revise the Privacy Policy from time to time.
Any such changes will become effective immediately upon being posted on our website.
If you use our App or related products, you will be deemed to have read and accepted the revisions.
We may not be able to separately notify you of the revisions each time that we make them.
We encourage you to check this page periodically for modifications or revisions to the Privacy Policy to understand how it affects the use of your information.
We will not be responsible for your failure to remain informed about such changes.
What we do.
We make spaces work for people.
Our comprehensive solutions transform how people experience and interact with the spaces of the future.
Jump to….
Explore our solutions.
Got questions.
Smarten Spaces © Copyright 2022.
All rights reserved.
