BOSTON SOFTDESIGN.
IT Solutions, Software Development, and Consulting.
HOME.
ABOUT US.
SERVICES.
CONTACT US.
PRIVACY POLICY.
Effective Date .
29.
05.
2019.
SCOPE.
This Privacy Policy explains what information will be collected by Boston SoftDesign when you access the website at  (the “website”), all related websites (subdomains), other services provided by Boston SoftDesign which have the link to this Privacy Policy displayed, and all other communications with you through from written or oral means, such as email or phone.
It also describes how the information will be used, how you can control the collection, correction and/or deletion of information and how to get in touch with us if you need.
Our privacy practices are designed to provide a high level of protection for your personal data.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Policy is incorporated into, and is subject to, the Terms and Conditions of use available on this website.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data before browsing this website.
USE OF INFORMATION.
We use the information that we collect to operate and maintain our website and to provide the services and information that you request, to allow you contact us, provide access to requested whitepaper, respond to your comments, questions and concerns and for other purposes specified herein.
If you have contacted us via this website or otherwise, we may process your personal data you provided to us to be able to answer your questions, to organize the meeting, call or other communication based on our legitimate interest.
We will also process your job applications where you applied for a vacancy or would like to join us as a freelancer relying on your consent.
We will send you updates on latest products, event announcements, and thought leadership or notifications of company news, hot marketing offers if you check the box to receive news and updates from us.
We are relying on your consent which you provide by checking that box.
If you have consented to receive marketing, you have a right to withdraw your consent to marketing communication at any time.
You may unsubscribe or update your email preferences at any time by following the instructions contained within the email or by sending an email to the address provided in the Contacting Us section.
You may manage your subscriptions and you may withdraw your consent to marketing communication at any time.
We can also process your personal data if it is necessary for us to administer the contractual relationship between ourselves and our suppliers/clients in connection with the performance of a contract.
If you are a representative of our current/potential client, vendor, partner we may process your personal data to develop and/or maintain business relations and communications, to promote our new products, works and services, to invite you to the meetings, events and organize them based on our legitimate interest.
Where you are our existing client and we have an existing relationship with you, or we reasonably believe you can be our client, we will send you information about products and services, events or other material that will be relevant to your individual interests and process your personal information to make sure we send you only relevant, targeted information based on our legitimate interest.
You can opt-out of this at any time by following the instructions contained within the email or by sending an email to the address provided in the Contacting Us section.
If you have visited or intend to visit our event or participate in our conference, we may process your personal data to invite you and to organize your participation in our existing and future events/conferences based on our legitimate interest.
We may also send you marketing emails where you give us your email address expressly to receive marketing.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE PROCESS.
We collect information about you when you submit the information through the form on the website, when you connect your account to third-party services or sign in using a third-party partner (such as Facebook or LinkedIn) or otherwise make the information available for us (by phone, email, etc.
) or our partners or vendors, as well as from publicly available sources.
For example, we collect your full name, email, company name and address, job title, phone number and additional information you provide us when you request receiving whitepaper or contacting you directly.
If you are a representative of our current/potential client, vendor, partner we may process your full name, contact details, position, company you represent, activities in relation to sales process, data on our communications with you, content and results of such communications, our internal notes about you, publicly available professional information about you.
We may also collect, store and use any other personal data that you choose to send to us.
In cases where it is specifically stated that some data is not mandatory, you are free not to submit this data.
Our website is not directed to children and we do not knowingly collect personal data from children.
If you are under 21 years of age (or any other age under the applicable law), then please do not use or access the website at any time or in any manner or contact us and provide the consent of your parent or legal guardian.
COOKIE POLICY.
Boston SoftDesign uses cookies, to help us understand the profile of our visitors and provide you with better customer service.
For example, we record certain automatically collected information, which include IP address, web browser, OS, the web pages or sites visited just before or just after using the website, keep track of the domains from which you visit and we also measure your activity on the website, but we do so in ways that keep the information anonymous.
Boston SoftDesign uses this data to analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our services and other websites and to help us provide you with better customer service.
Cookies can be used to provide you with tailored information from a website.
You can determine if and how a cookie will be accepted by managing the cookie settings in your browser.
If you desire, you can change those browser configurations to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is sent, or to reject all cookies.
YOUR RIGHTS.
If you wish to access or amend any personal data we hold about you, or to request that we delete any information about you may contact us as set forth in the Contact Us section.
When technically feasible, Boston SoftDesign will transfer your personal data to you or transmit it directly to another controller.
At any time, you may also object to processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes or ask us to restrict processing of your personal data.
If you believe your right to privacy granted by applicable data protection laws has been infringed upon, please contact us as set forth in the Contact Us section.
You also have a right to lodge a formal complaint with data protection authorities if you have a complaint about any processing of your personal data being conducted by us.
DATA PROCESSING AND TRANSFER.
In addition to Boston SoftDesign, in some cases, personal data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of the website or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, hosting providers, communications agencies).
These third parties may have access to, or process personal data as part of providing those services for us.
Your information collected by Boston SoftDesign may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Boston SoftDesign or its subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities.
This personal data may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) that may not be subject to equivalent data protection law.
We will comply with GDPR requirements providing adequate protection for the transfer of personal data from Europe to third parties, in particular, will enter into the standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission.
By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing and processing.
EXTERNAL LINKS.
The Website may, from time to time, contain links to external sites.
If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
DATA RETENTION.
Your personal information will be retained by Boston SoftDesign for the duration necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected as described above and relevant to our legitimate interests, our terms of agreement with you and in accordance with applicable legal obligations.
The criteria we use to determine data retention periods for personal data includes the following.
retention in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements.
We may retain and use your information in order to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and prevent abuse.
SECURITY.
We take reasonable steps, including physical, technical, security and organisational measures, to protect your personal information from unauthorised access and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the Privacy Policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification).
We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
CONTACTING US.
If you have questions, concerns or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at.
Boston SoftDesign Inc.
, 233 Needham Street, Suite 550, Newton, MA 02464.
Email.
.
About us.
Services.
Contact Us.
Blog.
Site Map.
+1 617-275-7501+1 .
Copyright ©  Boston SoftDesign Inc.
- All Rights Reserved.
All trademarks are property of their legal owners.
Privacy Policy.
Please send us a message.
I can confirm I have read and accepted the Privacy Policy.
Thank you for request.
