Home.
Features.
Revenue Model.
Get Your Free Quote.
How we use the information we gather from users.
Since privacy is a fundamental right, we at spotnstay.
com respects the privacy of the user and is committed to protecting the information you provide us through this website.
The information you give us are not shared or sold with any third-party persons at any cost.
Also, to serve the client needs and provide assistance to the fullest, we collect their information.
Data security agreement.
The security and privacy of user’s data is of utmost priority to SpotnStay.
We are always devoted to respecting your online privacy and management of any personal information you share with us.
spotnstay.
com strive continuously to improve the privacy policy to maintain the trustworthiness of users.
Gathering user information.
While accessing spotnstay.
com, the browser’s domain name and internet address is automatically collected and placed in our access logs.
We use this information to learn about the user’s demographics.
Using personal data.
User’s name, personal address and an email address or any other contact information comes under personal information.
But that is not necessary to reveal your information while visiting our site.
If you give your personal information, we may send it to third party service providers which may be across the borders out of our country’s jurisdiction.
SpotnStay works hard to comply with appropriate laws around the globe that are designed to protect the privacy.
Although legal requirements may vary from region to region, SpotnStay intends to adhere to the principles set forth in this online privacy policy even if, in connection with the above, we transfer your Personal Information from your country to countries that may not require an “adequate” level of protection for your Personal Information.
In other words, our goal is to provide protection for your Personal Information no matter where that Personal Information is collected, transferred, or retained.
Cookies.
SpotnStay website may use cookies to assist in producing overall site visitor statistics.
Cookies cannot be used to find any personal information of a user.
It is possible to disable cookies on your computer by changing the settings in your internet browser.
Disclosure of user experience.
SpotnStay does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with third parties.
We assure you that, if you have submitted your user information, SpotnStay maintains your privacy and ensure security.
We may disclose information in the following circumstances.
We provide the user’s info to parties who work on behalf of us under extremely strict confidentiality agreements.
We are bound to answer subpoenas, court orders, legal process, and to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, take action regarding illegal acts, and suspected frauds to the court of law.
Links to third party sites.
SpotnStay website will provide links to third party sites under strict security conditions.
spotnstay.
com is not responsible for the content or policies of these third party websites.
Some links are provided to you for convenience purposes only and spotnstay.
com is not responsible for the inaccuracy of any information on such sites.
These sites may send their own cookies to users, or otherwise collect data or solicit personal information.
If the spotnstay.
com website links you to any third-party website, we make no representation as to their privacy policy existence, accuracy or completeness.
Disclosure of user information.
The products, technology and services described in our site may be the subject of intellectual property rights reserved by spotnstay.
com.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring to you in any manner, whether by implication, any license, title or ownership of or to any intellectual property right of spotnstay.
com.
Comments are closed.
Created by SpotnStay.
Powered by  Uplogic Technologies Pvt Ltd.
2017 - 2021 - All rights reserved.
