Main Navigation (Enterprise).
Products  Servers & StorageBuilding BlocksIoT & EmbeddedNetworkingWorkstations & Gaming RackmountsSuperior Performance, Efficiency and Time-to-Market for Rapid Adoptiontest for header 2 Learn more  HyperHigh-performance, Highly-Configurable Servers for Data Centers, Enterprise, and 5G Edge UltraHighest Performance and Flexibility for Enterprise Applications Dual ProcessorThe industry’s broadest portfolio of performance optimized dual processor servers to match your specific workload requirements Single ProcessorThe industry’s broadest portfolio of single processor servers providing optimal choice for small to midsize workloads Multi ProcessorExtremely Large In-Memory Computing and Mission Critical Applications GPU SystemsMaximum Acceleration and Cost Efficiency for AI / Deep Learning and HPC Applications TwinInnovative Multi-node Architectures with Reduced TCO and TCE Learn more  BigTwin®Highest Performing 2U Twin Architecture with 4 or 2 Nodes GrandTwin®Front Access 2U Twin Architecture with 4 nodes TwinPro®Leading 1U/2U Twin Architecture with 4 or 2 Nodes TwinProven 1U/2U Twin Architecture with 4 or 2 Nodes FatTwin®Advanced 4U Twin Architecture with 8, 4 or 2 Nodes BladesHigh Performance, Density and Efficiency with Resource Saving Architecture Learn more  SuperBlade®Highest Performance with Advanced Networking and NVMe MicroBlade®Highest Density, Energy-Efficiency and Value MicroCloudDense Multi-Node Solution for the Cloud StorageScalable and Flexible NVMe and Hybrid Storage Architectures Learn more  All-Flash NVMeHighest Performing Storage Solutions for Advanced Computing Top-Loading StorageDensity Maximized Storage Systems Optimized for Software-Defined Data Centers Enterprise-Optimized StorageApplication Optimized High-Performance Storage Solutions Rack Integration Services Liquid Cooling System Management Software Global SKUs Motherboards Server BoardsWorkstation BoardsEmbedded / IoT BoardsDesktop / Gaming BoardsPrevious Gen.
Motherboard MatrixGlobal SKUs  Chassis 1U Chassis2U Chassis3U Chassis4U / Tower ChassisMid / Mini-TowerMini-ITX BoxEmbedded / IoT ChassisMobile Racks / Drive KitsJBOD Storage EnclosuresGlobal SKUs  SuperRack® Data Center Solution Engineering (DCSE)Rack Integration Service Accessories Cable MatrixRiser Card MatrixStorage AOC MatrixPower Supply MatrixHeatsink MatrixSystem Fan MatrixMobile Racks / Drive KitsFront Chassis BezelsStorage, I/O, Security -->All Products All Accessories Embedded SuperServersSupermicro's compact server designs provide excellent compute, networking, storage and I/O expansion in a variety of form factors, from space-saving fanless to rackmount Learn more  Fanless and IoT GatewayUltra small, Silent, High Reliability for Extreme Environments Compact and IndustrialA Range of Form Factors for Vertical Applications and Edge Computing Outdoor Edge SystemsRuggedized Servers for 5G and Edge Computing in Harsh Environments Mini TowerCompact Cloud Server or Edge Computing Device RackmountHigh Configurability for Versatile Computing Embedded MotherboardsMotherboards supporting high-performance, low-power processing to meet the needs of all types of embedded applications Learn more  Embedded ChassisChassis purpose-built for high-density computing in space-constrained environments Learn more  Global SKUsSwitchesStandard Ethernet SwitchesONIE-Enabled SwitchesSwitch/OS CompatibilityAdaptersAdd-on Cards1G Ethernet10G Ethernet25G Ethernet100G EthernetInfiniBandIntel® Omni-Path ArchitectureFibre ChannelAll Networking ProductsCable/Transceiver CompatibilityCablesTransceiversSuperWorkstationsPowerful graphics capabilities for rendering, image processing, scientific, and engineering applicationsLearn moreSingle-ProcessorDual-ProcessorSupero™ Gaming SolutionsServer quality, built for gaming – SUPERO systems by Supermicro are optimized for high performance and reliability, providing options for gamers at all levelsLearn more  Servers & Storage    Rackmounts    All Rackmount Products   Hyper   Ultra   Dual Processor   Single Processor   Multi Processor   GPU Systems   Twin    All Twin Products   BigTwin®   GrandTwin®   FatTwin®   TwinPro®   Twin   Blades    All Blade Products   SuperBlade®   MicroBlade®   MicroCloud   Storage    All Storage Products   All-Flash NVMe   Top-Loading Storage   Enterprise-Optimized Storage   Server Management   Global SKUs   Building Blocks    Motherboards    All Motherboard Products   Server Boards   Workstation Boards   Embedded / IoT Boards   Desktop / Gaming Boards   Previous Gen.
Motherboard Matrix   Global SKUs   Chassis    All Chassis Products   1U Chassis   2U Chassis   3U Chassis   4U / Tower Chassis   Mid / Mini-Tower   Mini-ITX Box   Embedded / IoT Chassis   Mobile Racks / Drive Kits   JBOD Storage Enclosures   Global SKUs   SuperRack®    Data Center Solution Engineering (DCSE)   Rack Integration Service   Accessories    Cable Matrix   Riser Card Matrix   Storage AOC Matrix   Power Supply Matrix   Heatsink Matrix   System Fan Matrix   Mobile Racks / Drive Kits   Front Chassis Bezels   Storage, I/O, Security   All Products   All Accessories   IoT & Embedded    Embedded SuperServers   Embedded Motherboards   Embedded Chassis   Global SKUs   Networking    All Networking Products   Networking Switches   Networking Adapters   Workstations & Gaming    SuperWorkstations   Supero™ Gaming Solutions.
Servers & Storage.
Building Blocks.
IoT & Embedded.
Networking.
Workstations & Gaming.
Rackmounts.
Hyper.
High-performance, Highly-Configurable Servers for Data Centers, Enterprise, and 5G Edge.
Ultra.
Highest Performance and Flexibility for Enterprise Applications.
Dual Processor.
The industry’s broadest portfolio of performance optimized dual processor servers to match your specific workload requirements.
Single Processor.
The industry’s broadest portfolio of single processor servers providing optimal choice for small to midsize workloads.
Multi Processor.
Extremely Large In-Memory Computing and Mission Critical Applications.
GPU Systems.
Maximum Acceleration and Cost Efficiency for AI / Deep Learning and HPC Applications.
Twin.
BigTwin®.
Highest Performing 2U Twin Architecture with 4 or 2 Nodes.
GrandTwin®.
Front Access 2U Twin Architecture with 4 nodes.
TwinPro®.
Leading 1U/2U Twin Architecture with 4 or 2 Nodes.
Twin.
Proven 1U/2U Twin Architecture with 4 or 2 Nodes.
FatTwin®.
Advanced 4U Twin Architecture with 8, 4 or 2 Nodes.
Blades.
SuperBlade®.
Highest Performance with Advanced Networking and NVMe.
MicroBlade®.
Highest Density, Energy-Efficiency and Value.
MicroCloud.
Dense Multi-Node Solution for the Cloud.
Storage.
All-Flash NVMe.
Highest Performing Storage Solutions for Advanced Computing.
Top-Loading Storage.
Density Maximized Storage Systems Optimized for Software-Defined Data Centers.
Enterprise-Optimized Storage.
Application Optimized High-Performance Storage Solutions.
Motherboards.
Server Boards.
Workstation Boards.
Embedded / IoT Boards.
Desktop / Gaming Boards.
Previous Gen.
Motherboard Matrix.
Global SKUs.
Chassis.
1U Chassis.
2U Chassis.
3U Chassis.
4U / Tower Chassis.
Mid / Mini-Tower.
Mini-ITX Box.
Embedded / IoT Chassis.
Mobile Racks / Drive Kits.
JBOD Storage Enclosures.
Global SKUs.
SuperRack®.
Data Center Solution Engineering (DCSE).
Rack Integration Service.
Accessories.
Cable Matrix.
Riser Card Matrix.
Storage AOC Matrix.
Power Supply Matrix.
Heatsink Matrix.
System Fan Matrix.
Mobile Racks / Drive Kits.
Front Chassis Bezels.
Storage, I/O, Security.
Embedded SuperServers.
Fanless and IoT Gateway.
Ultra small, Silent, High Reliability for Extreme Environments.
Compact and Industrial.
A Range of Form Factors for Vertical Applications and Edge Computing.
Outdoor Edge Systems.
Ruggedized Servers for 5G and Edge Computing in Harsh Environments.
Mini Tower.
Compact Cloud Server or Edge Computing Device.
Rackmount.
High Configurability for Versatile Computing.
Embedded Motherboards.
Embedded Chassis.
Switches.
Adapters.
1G Ethernet.
10G Ethernet.
25G Ethernet.
100G Ethernet.
InfiniBand.
Intel® Omni-Path Architecture.
Fibre Channel.
SuperWorkstations.
Single-Processor.
Dual-Processor.
Supero™ Gaming Solutions.
Servers & Storage    Rackmounts    All Rackmount Products   Hyper   Ultra   Dual Processor   Single Processor   Multi Processor   GPU Systems   Twin    All Twin Products   BigTwin®   GrandTwin®   FatTwin®   TwinPro®   Twin   Blades    All Blade Products   SuperBlade®   MicroBlade®   MicroCloud   Storage    All Storage Products   All-Flash NVMe   Top-Loading Storage   Enterprise-Optimized Storage   Server Management   Global SKUs.
Rackmounts    All Rackmount Products   Hyper   Ultra   Dual Processor   Single Processor   Multi Processor   GPU Systems.
All Rackmount Products.
Hyper.
Ultra.
Dual Processor.
Single Processor.
Multi Processor.
GPU Systems.
Twin    All Twin Products   BigTwin®   GrandTwin®   FatTwin®   TwinPro®   Twin.
All Twin Products.
BigTwin®.
GrandTwin®.
FatTwin®.
TwinPro®.
Twin.
Blades    All Blade Products   SuperBlade®   MicroBlade®   MicroCloud.
All Blade Products.
SuperBlade®.
MicroBlade®.
MicroCloud.
Storage    All Storage Products   All-Flash NVMe   Top-Loading Storage   Enterprise-Optimized Storage.
All Storage Products.
All-Flash NVMe.
Top-Loading Storage.
Enterprise-Optimized Storage.
Server Management.
Global SKUs.
Building Blocks    Motherboards    All Motherboard Products   Server Boards   Workstation Boards   Embedded / IoT Boards   Desktop / Gaming Boards   Previous Gen.
Motherboard Matrix   Global SKUs   Chassis    All Chassis Products   1U Chassis   2U Chassis   3U Chassis   4U / Tower Chassis   Mid / Mini-Tower   Mini-ITX Box   Embedded / IoT Chassis   Mobile Racks / Drive Kits   JBOD Storage Enclosures   Global SKUs   SuperRack®    Data Center Solution Engineering (DCSE)   Rack Integration Service   Accessories    Cable Matrix   Riser Card Matrix   Storage AOC Matrix   Power Supply Matrix   Heatsink Matrix   System Fan Matrix   Mobile Racks / Drive Kits   Front Chassis Bezels   Storage, I/O, Security   All Products   All Accessories.
Motherboards    All Motherboard Products   Server Boards   Workstation Boards   Embedded / IoT Boards   Desktop / Gaming Boards   Previous Gen.
Motherboard Matrix   Global SKUs.
All Motherboard Products.
Server Boards.
Workstation Boards.
Embedded / IoT Boards.
Desktop / Gaming Boards.
Previous Gen.
Motherboard Matrix.
Global SKUs.
Chassis    All Chassis Products   1U Chassis   2U Chassis   3U Chassis   4U / Tower Chassis   Mid / Mini-Tower   Mini-ITX Box   Embedded / IoT Chassis   Mobile Racks / Drive Kits   JBOD Storage Enclosures   Global SKUs.
All Chassis Products.
1U Chassis.
2U Chassis.
3U Chassis.
4U / Tower Chassis.
Mid / Mini-Tower.
Mini-ITX Box.
Embedded / IoT Chassis.
Mobile Racks / Drive Kits.
JBOD Storage Enclosures.
Global SKUs.
SuperRack®    Data Center Solution Engineering (DCSE)   Rack Integration Service.
Data Center Solution Engineering (DCSE).
Rack Integration Service.
Accessories    Cable Matrix   Riser Card Matrix   Storage AOC Matrix   Power Supply Matrix   Heatsink Matrix   System Fan Matrix   Mobile Racks / Drive Kits   Front Chassis Bezels   Storage, I/O, Security.
Cable Matrix.
Riser Card Matrix.
Storage AOC Matrix.
Power Supply Matrix.
Heatsink Matrix.
System Fan Matrix.
Mobile Racks / Drive Kits.
Front Chassis Bezels.
Storage, I/O, Security.
All Products.
All Accessories.
IoT & Embedded    Embedded SuperServers   Embedded Motherboards   Embedded Chassis   Global SKUs.
Embedded SuperServers.
Embedded Motherboards.
Embedded Chassis.
Global SKUs.
Networking    All Networking Products   Networking Switches   Networking Adapters.
All Networking Products.
Networking Switches.
Networking Adapters.
Workstations & Gaming    SuperWorkstations   Supero™ Gaming Solutions.
SuperWorkstations.
Supero™ Gaming Solutions.
Solutions   AI & HPCSuperior Building Blocks Fueled by Faster, Better, and Greener architecture for most challenging AI & HPC workload HPCMachine LearningDeep Learning AI Processor SolutionsNVIDIA AmpereHabana GaudiLiquid Cooling Enterprise Applications & Data AnalyticsPurpose Built Scalable Compute for Structured and Unstructured Data Analytics Big DataSAPOracleMicrosoftRed Hat Product Guide (.
pdf)Intel® Optane™ Technology (.
pdf)NETINT 4K Real-Time Streaming (.
pdf)Highly Efficient Redis on FatTwin® (.
pdf) Cloud & VirtualizationGreen Computing Platform, The Solution for Your Organization’s Digital Transformation Strategy Into Cloud Canonical OpenStackRed Hat OpenStack KubernetesCanonical KubernetesRed Hat OpenShiftSUSE CaaSVirtual Desktop 5G, Edge Computing, and IoTOptimized Solutions for Evolving 5G Networks and Intelligent Management of Connected Devices  5G and Telecom Systems Outdoor Edge Systems IoT Edge SolutionsMade in the USASupermicro Products made in the USA Learn more  Data ManagementTCO Optimized Design, high density and scaling architecture to manage and protect your data Cloud-Defined StorageSoftware-Defined Storage Hyper Converged InfrastructureAzure Stack HCI Red Hat HCIOpen Hyperconverged Solution (Solution Brief) RHHI-V Solution (White Paper) Vmware vSANVeeam Hyperscale InfrastructureDesigned for the massively-scalable modern Data Center OCP SolutionSuperCloud Composer (SCC)  AI & HPC    HPC   Machine Learning   Deep Learning   AI Processor Solutions    NVIDIA Ampere   Habana Gaudi   Liquid Cooling   Enterprise Applications & Data Analytics    Big Data   SAP   Oracle   Microsoft   Red Hat Product Guide (.
pdf)   Intel® Optane™ Technology (.
pdf)   NETINT 4K Real-Time Streaming (.
pdf)   Highly Efficient Redis on FatTwin® (.
pdf)   Cloud & Virtualization    OpenStack   Kubernetes    Canonical Kubernetes   Red Hat OpenShift   SUSE CaaS   Virtual Desktop   5G, Edge Computing, and IoT    5G and Telecom Systems   Outdoor Edge Systems   IoT Edge Solutions   Made in the USA   Data Management    Cloud-Defined Storage   Hyper Converged Infrastructure    Azure Stack HCI   Red Hat HCI    Open Hyperconverged Solution (Solution Brief)   RHHI-V Solution (White Paper)   VMware vSAN   Veeam   Hyperscale Infrastructure    OCP Solution   SuperCloud Composer (SCC).
AI & HPC.
HPC.
Machine Learning.
Deep Learning.
AI Processor SolutionsNVIDIA AmpereHabana Gaudi.
NVIDIA Ampere.
Habana Gaudi.
Liquid Cooling.
Enterprise Applications & Data Analytics.
Big Data.
SAP.
Oracle.
Microsoft.
Red Hat Product Guide (.
pdf).
Intel® Optane™ Technology (.
pdf).
NETINT 4K Real-Time Streaming (.
pdf).
Highly Efficient Redis on FatTwin® (.
pdf).
Cloud & Virtualization.
Canonical OpenStack.
Red Hat OpenStack.
KubernetesCanonical KubernetesRed Hat OpenShiftSUSE CaaS.
Canonical Kubernetes.
Red Hat OpenShift.
SUSE CaaS.
Virtual Desktop.
5G, Edge Computing, and IoT.
5G and Telecom Systems.
Outdoor Edge Systems.
IoT Edge Solutions.
Made in the USA.
Data Management.
Cloud-Defined Storage.
Software-Defined Storage.
Hyper Converged InfrastructureAzure Stack HCI Red Hat HCIOpen Hyperconverged Solution (Solution Brief) RHHI-V Solution (White Paper) Vmware vSAN.
Azure Stack HCI.
Red Hat HCIOpen Hyperconverged Solution (Solution Brief) RHHI-V Solution (White Paper).
Open Hyperconverged Solution (Solution Brief).
RHHI-V Solution (White Paper).
Vmware vSAN.
Veeam.
Hyperscale Infrastructure.
OCP Solution.
SuperCloud Composer (SCC).
AI & HPC    HPC   Machine Learning   Deep Learning   AI Processor Solutions    NVIDIA Ampere   Habana Gaudi   Liquid Cooling.
HPC.
Machine Learning.
Deep Learning.
AI Processor Solutions    NVIDIA Ampere   Habana Gaudi.
NVIDIA Ampere.
Habana Gaudi.
Liquid Cooling.
Enterprise Applications & Data Analytics    Big Data   SAP   Oracle   Microsoft   Red Hat Product Guide (.
pdf)   Intel® Optane™ Technology (.
pdf)   NETINT 4K Real-Time Streaming (.
pdf)   Highly Efficient Redis on FatTwin® (.
pdf).
Big Data.
SAP.
Oracle.
Microsoft.
Red Hat Product Guide (.
pdf).
Intel® Optane™ Technology (.
pdf).
NETINT 4K Real-Time Streaming (.
pdf).
Highly Efficient Redis on FatTwin® (.
pdf).
Cloud & Virtualization    OpenStack   Kubernetes    Canonical Kubernetes   Red Hat OpenShift   SUSE CaaS   Virtual Desktop.
OpenStack.
Kubernetes    Canonical Kubernetes   Red Hat OpenShift   SUSE CaaS.
Canonical Kubernetes.
Red Hat OpenShift.
SUSE CaaS.
Virtual Desktop.
5G, Edge Computing, and IoT    5G and Telecom Systems   Outdoor Edge Systems   IoT Edge Solutions.
5G and Telecom Systems.
Outdoor Edge Systems.
IoT Edge Solutions.
Made in the USA.
Data Management    Cloud-Defined Storage   Hyper Converged Infrastructure    Azure Stack HCI   Red Hat HCI    Open Hyperconverged Solution (Solution Brief)   RHHI-V Solution (White Paper)   VMware vSAN   Veeam.
Cloud-Defined Storage.
Hyper Converged Infrastructure    Azure Stack HCI   Red Hat HCI    Open Hyperconverged Solution (Solution Brief)   RHHI-V Solution (White Paper)   VMware vSAN.
Azure Stack HCI.
Red Hat HCI    Open Hyperconverged Solution (Solution Brief)   RHHI-V Solution (White Paper).
Open Hyperconverged Solution (Solution Brief).
RHHI-V Solution (White Paper).
VMware vSAN.
Veeam.
Hyperscale Infrastructure    OCP Solution   SuperCloud Composer (SCC).
OCP Solution.
SuperCloud Composer (SCC).
Company    About Us   Careers   Green Computing   Contact   Investor Relations   Policies.
About Us.
Careers.
Green Computing.
Contact.
Investor Relations.
Policies.
News    Press Releases   Supermicro in the News   Success Stories   White Papers   Product Reviews   Events   Webinars   Thought Leadership   Resources.
Press Releases.
Supermicro in the News.
Success Stories.
White Papers.
Product Reviews.
Events.
Webinars.
Thought Leadership.
Resources.
Support    Services and Support   Online Support   Onsite Services   RMA   MySupermicro   Downloads   Manuals   Quick Reference Guides   Security Center   Warranty   Product Matrices.
Services and Support.
Online Support.
Onsite Services.
RMA.
MySupermicro.
Downloads.
Manuals.
Quick Reference Guides.
Security Center.
Warranty.
Product Matrices.
Buy    Where to Buy   eStore.
Where to Buy.
eStore.
Welcome.
Sign In.
Create Account.
Reset Password.
Manage Account.
Manage Email preferences.
Sign Out.
Code of Regulations.
Privacy.
Terms and Conditions.
Safety Information.
Supply Chains Transparency Disclosure.
Policies Resources.
Your Privacy Is Important To Us.
Super Micro Computer, Inc.
(SMCI) is committed to your privacy and the protection of your personal data.
This Privacy Statement is provided to describe our privacy practices as required by the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) (EU) (2016/679) and other Data Protection Laws.
This Privacy Statement applies where SMCI is acting as a data Controller with respect to the personal data of our customers, resellers, suppliers and website users.
in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
This Privacy Statement outlines how we collect, share, transfer, retain and protect your personal data and what rights you can exercise regarding your information.
If you provide us with your personal data, or we obtain information about you from other sources, we treat your information according to this Privacy Statement.
This Privacy Statement applies to SMCI websites, apps, mobile apps, social media accounts, etc.
(Sites).
This Privacy Statement does not apply to third-party applications, products, services, websites or social media features that may be accessed through links we provide on our Sites that have their own Privacy Policies, Statements or Notices.
Accessing those links will cause you to leave the SMCI Sites and may result in the collection or sharing of information about you by a third-party.
We do not control, endorse or make any representations about those third-party websites or their privacy practices, which may differ from ours.
We encourage you to review the Privacy Statement of any site you interact with before allowing the collection and use of your personal data.
What Information Do We Collect About You.
The following describes the general categories of personal data that we may process, the purposes for which we may process personal data, and the legal bases of the processing.
In the case of personal data we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data are also described.
We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services that you enter into with us and/or through our website or websites linked to our Site (“Transaction Data”).
The Transaction Data may include your contact details (such as company, name, or phone number), and the transaction details.
The Transaction Data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions.
The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests in the proper administration of our website and business.
We may process data related to your account (“Account Data”).
The Account Data may include your name, title, postal and email address as well as payment information.
The source of the Account Data may be you or your employer.
The Account Data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you.
The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the performance of a contract between you and SMCI and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
We may process information contained in any inquiry you submit to us regarding goods and services (“Inquiry Data”).
The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the performance of a contract between you and SMCI and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
We may process data about your use of our website and services (“Usage Data”).
The Usage Data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use.
The source of the Usage Data may be Cookies, analytics tracking systems or other methods.
This Usage Data may be processed for the purposes of analyzing your use of our website and services.
The legal basis for this processing is consent.
We may process data about you to ensure security of your personal data and our IT system, on the basis of your and our interest for security.
The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the safe and secure.
(1) administration of our website, (2) use and storage of business information and, (3) communications with users and customers.
We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters to keep you up-to-date on SMCI events and news (“Notification data”).
The legal basis for this processing is your explicit consent, or your implicit consent if you are a customer.
We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us (“Correspondence Data”).
The Correspondence Data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication.
Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms.
The Correspondence Data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping.
The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
We may process your personal data where necessary for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure, an investigation, or other legal matter.
The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
We may process your personal data where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice.
The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
Where the processing of your personal data is based on your consent only, you have the right to withdraw this consent at any time.
We will then erase your personal data and stop processing it subject to our receipt of a valid Data Subject Access Request from you.
Sources of Information We Collect.
SMCI receives information about you or your devices from the following sources.
When you, or someone on your behalf, provides information to us to.
Establish or maintain an account.
Make a purchase or receive a service.
Apply for employment at SMCI.
Post comments to online communities.
Participate in a survey, marketing promotion, sweepstakes or contest.
orConnect with us via social media.
Establish or maintain an account.
Make a purchase or receive a service.
Apply for employment at SMCI.
Post comments to online communities.
Participate in a survey, marketing promotion, sweepstakes or contest.
or.
Connect with us via social media.
Through Business Partners, Resellers and Suppliers.
Our Sites, apps and email.
Through the use of automated means such as Cookies and similar technologies, and.
From other third parties, including, advertisers, data partners, marketing partners and publicly available sources such as social networks.
SMCI, our service providers, and other third parties may collect the following information about you through automated means (such as Cookies).
IP address.
Browser type and language, access time, and referring website address.
The pages you view within our Sites and other actions you take while visiting us.
We may collect information related to whether you've opened an e-mail or clicked on a link contained in an e-mail.
If you are referred to our Sites from another source (an advertising site, a blog, a social media site, etc.
), we may collect data about you.
Also, we may provide a referring source with appropriate data (such as the amount of a purchase) to compute referral fees or other similar purposes.
We may conduct surveys and promotions that collect your information.
Our surveys and promotions are voluntary and any information you provide may be collected, used, shared, disclosed, stored, transferred, and processed in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Your participation in our surveys and promotions, and your submission of information, serves as your consent to these practices.
Some features of our Sites allow users to make data public or engage in other sharing.
For example, if you post content or otherwise participate in discussion forums or other social areas of our Sites, your participation (including the content you post, your name, and a link to your profile) may be shared across our Sites and in other public or private areas of the internet.
Collecting information through automated means allows us to collect statistics about the usage and effectiveness of our Sites, personalize your experience on our Sites, and tailor our interactions with you.
For details regarding the technologies we employ, see our Cookies Policy, and the section below regarding Cookies, Web Beacons and Similar Technologies.
How Will We Use Your Information.
SMCI may use your personal information in the following ways.
Account Maintenance – We may use your information to identify you, ship products to you, contact you and provide billing services.
E-mail – If you choose to be contacted by email, we may use your email information to communicate questions, respond to inquiries, and distribute information about SMCI and our products and services that may be of interest to you.
You may choose not to receive marketing materials from us at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions included in the Email Notifications section below.
Transactions – If you request something from SMCI, such as a product, service, callback, or marketing materials, we may use the information you provide to fulfill your request.
To help us complete your transaction, we may share information with others such as business partners, financial institutions, credit reference agencies, shipping companies, suppliers, resellers, or customs authorities.
Customer Feedback and Support – We may use your information to provide a mechanism for your feedback or to contact you regarding support for our products and services, including product updates for fixes.
Personalizing your Experience on our Sites – We may use information we collect about you to provide a personalized experience on our Sites, such as providing you with content which you may be interested in, and to make our Sites easier for you to navigate.
Aggregate/De-Identified Information - We may aggregate and/or de-identify your information so that such information can no longer be linked to you or your devices (Aggregate/De-Identified Information).
We may use Aggregated/De-Identified Information for any purpose, including without limitation, research and marketing purposes.
We may also share such data with any third parties, including advertisers, promotional partners, sponsors, event promoters, and/or others.
Combined Information - You consent that, for the purposes discussed in this Privacy Statement, we may combine the information that we collect with information that we receive from other sources, both online and offline, and use such combined information in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
How We Share Your Information.
Your personal data may be shared with others as described below.
We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies, affiliates, resellers, suppliers, and service providers as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this Privacy Statement.
We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and professional advisers as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or other legal proceedings.
We may disclose your personal data with our payment services providers to complete financial transactions.
We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this section, we may disclose your personal data.
(a) where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, (b) enforce our Terms of Service, this Privacy Statement, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof.
(c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties.
(d) respond to your requests for customer service.
and/or (e) protect the rights, property or personal safety of SMCI, its agents and affiliates, its users and/or the public.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets.
Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will require that the transferee use personal information you have provided in a manner consistent with our Privacy Statement and the applicable legal framework.
International Data Transfers.
SMCI is a global business based in the United States.
SMCI and our affiliated companies have offices and facilities in the United States, the Netherlands, China, Japan and Taiwan.
Transfers of your personal data to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of Standard Contractual Clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission.
Our customers and the users of our Sites may be located anywhere in the world.
The privacy laws in some countries may not provide protections equivalent to those in your country of residence, and your government may or may not deem such privacy protections adequate.
We may process your information in, or transfer your information to, the United States, third parties in the United States, or other countries.
Security.
There is no perfect security.
We have implemented certain physical, technical, and administrative measures to help prevent unauthorized access, use and disclosure of your information, but we cannot promise that these measures will work.
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any credentials that can be used to access your account with SMCI, and you should report suspected unauthorized activity to us immediately.
Third Party Links.
We may collect your information from third parties.
This includes you logging in through a third party site such as a reseller website, a referring site, Facebook, Snapchat, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter, etc.
We may also disclose information collected from third parties to customize ads and to manage and facilitate messaging on third party sites.
We do not control the privacy practices of third parties.
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of third party sites for more information regarding their applicable privacy practices.
Data Retention.
We will keep your personal data while we are providing our products and services to you.
Thereafter, we will keep your personal data for one of these reasons.
(a) to respond to any questions, complaints or claims made by you or on your behalf.
(b) to show that we treated you fairly.
and/or (c) to keep records required by law.
We will not retain your data for longer than necessary for the purposes for which it was collected as set out in this privacy notice.
In determining data retention periods, we take into consideration local laws, contractual obligations, our reasonable business requirements, and your expectations and requirements.
When it is no longer necessary to retain your personal data, we will securely delete or anonymize it.
Information Submitted by Children.
SMCI does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
If SMCI learns that it possesses information from a child under the age of 13, we delete that information from our systems.
If you are a parent or guardian and are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to take the necessary actions to delete such data.
Cookies, Web Beacons and Other Technologies.
SMCI's Sites use Cookies.
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website.
Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user’s device.
Cookies help with a variety of website functions including allowing users to “log in” to websites (making your navigation of websites more efficient), remembering your preferences (such as language), and generally improving your experience on our Sites.
Cookies can also help ensure that the advertisements and content you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
We may also include web beacons in marketing e-mail messages or our newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and links contained within clicked on.
Some of our business partners set web beacons and Cookies on our site.
In addition, third-party social media buttons may log certain information such as your IP address, browser type and language, access time, and referring website addresses.
Further, if you are logged in to those social media sites, they may also link such collected information with your profile information on that site.
If you would like to opt-out of cookies, visit  or  for further information.
These websites also tell you how to set your browser not to accept cookies and how to remove cookies from your browser.
However, in a few cases, some of the features on our Sites may not function as a result.
More information on our use of cookies can be found in our Cookies Policy.
Do Not Track.
SMCI does not track its customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
However, some third party sites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you.
If you are visiting such sites, you may be able to set the DNT signal on your browser so that third parties (particularly advertisers) know you do not want to be tracked.
Email Notifications.
You may choose not to receive commercial emails from us by following the unsubscribe instructions contained in the commercial emails we send.
You may also email us directly at at any time if you would like to unsubscribe from our email service.
Please note that even if you unsubscribe from commercial email messages, we may still email you regarding your account and your transactions.
Using Mobile and Other Devices.
SMCI, or third parties that we have engaged, may collect and store unique identifiers matched to your mobile device in order to deliver customized ads or content while you use our Sites, navigate the internet, or to identify you in a unique manner across devices or browsers.
In order to customize these ads or content, we, or third parties, may collect your information, e.
g.
, your email address, or data passively collected from you such as your device identifier or IP address.
By adjusting the privacy and security settings on your device, you can manage how your mobile device and mobile browser share information, as well as how your mobile browser handles Cookies and other tracking identifiers.
Please refer to instructions provided by your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings.
Marketing Communications.
At SMCI we take your privacy seriously and will only use your personal information to administer your account and to provide the products and services you have requested from us.
By making contact with SMCI and submitting information in the Inquiry Data, you indicate your consent that we may process that information for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and services to you.
SMCI may share information with affiliates, resellers, suppliers, and service providers who to provide products and services that help market to customers or provide other requested customer services.
You can also request us to send you marketing communications through managing your preferences in your account.
If you have consented to receive marketing, you can unsubscribe yourself at any time from services to which you have subscribed by contacting us via email at Unsubscribing yourself from our Marketing material will not negatively impact the services you have requested.
Your Access To and Control Over Your Information.
You can inquire about your personal information, ask the following questions, or take the following actions by contacting us via email at or via the address or phone number on our Sites to.
See what information we have about you if any,.
Change/correct any information we have about you,.
Have us delete any information we have about you,.
Express any concerns you have about our use of your information.
Under certain conditions, you may have the right to request from SMCI, among other things.
The right to access your personal data.
The right to rectification of your personal data.
The right to erasure of your personal data.
The right to restrict processing of your personal data.
The right to object to processing of your personal data.
The right to data portability of your personal data.
The right to unsubscribe from marketing material at any time.
The right to withdraw consent.
and.
The right to complain to a supervisory authority.
For more information on the full extent of your rights or to exercise your rights, please contact our Data Protection Officer by mail to the address below or e-mail at .
Your California Privacy Rights.
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides consumers, California residents, with specific rights regarding their personal information.
The following sections describe your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights.
You have the right to request that SMCI disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve (12) months.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access Rights section below), we will disclose to you.
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, specific lists identifying disclosures for a business purpose, and identifying the personal information categories that each category or recipient obtained.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights.
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either.
Calling us at.
+1 (844) 916-1314.
Submitting an online request via this form.
Emailing us at.
.
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a twelve (12) month period.
The verifiable consumer request must.
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
However, we do consider requests made through your password protected account sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requests identity or authority to make the request.
Categories of Personal Information Collected.
SMCI has collected the following categories of personal information from its customers within the last twelve (12) months.
Use of Personal Information.
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes.
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information.
For example, if you share the name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our products and services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry.
If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery.
We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.
To provide support, personalize and develop our websites, products and services.
To create, maintain, customize and secure your account with us.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
SMCI has not sold any personal information as defined in this section in the past twelve (12) months.
Personal Information Disclosed for Business Purposes.
SMCI may share your personal information with trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us.
This information may be shared to the extent necessary to perform these functions and provide such services.
SMCI also requires these third parties to maintain the privacy and security of the personal information they process on our behalf.
Below are some of the categories of activities for personal information we may disclose to third parties for business purposes.
Auditing.
Security.
Debugging.
Short-term uses.
Performing services.
Internal research.
Testing or improvement.
Non-Discrimination.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not.
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Changes to Our Privacy Statement.
Any material changes to this Privacy Statement will be posted on our webpage.
It is your responsibility to review our Privacy Statement each time you provide Personal Information to us as the Privacy Statement may have changed since the last time you used our Sites or services.
How To Contact Us.
If you have questions about SMCI’s privacy policies and practices, please e-mail us at .
Super Micro Computer, Inc.
980 Rock Ave.
San Jose, CA 95131-1615, USA Privacy Questions/Data Subject Requests.
General Info.
Tech Support.
Webmaster.
.
Complaints.
In accordance with the GDPR, if you believe your data was unlawfully processed by SMCI, you may lodge a complaint with the appropriate Data Protection Authority.
Data Protection Officer.
Our data protection officer's contact details are.
Name.
David Weigand Email.
Postal Address.
980 Rock Avenue, San Jose, CA 95131.
Breadcrumb.
Home ».
about ».
policies ».
Privacy Policy.
About us.
News.
Resources.
Connect & Follow.
