SOLUTIONSProducts OverviewSDX - Supply Chain VisibilityPart Attribute Characterization (PAC).
Products Overview.
SDX - Supply Chain Visibility.
Part Attribute Characterization (PAC).
PROBLEMS WE SOLVE.
PERSPECTIVESCustomer JourneyCase StudiesInsights.
Customer Journey.
Case Studies.
Insights.
COMPANYAbout UsTestimonials.
About Us.
Testimonials.
CONTACT US.
Get Started.
Vulnerability Disclosure Policy.
Introduction.
Supply Dynamics Inc.
is committed to ensuring the security of our customers by protecting their information.
This policy is intended to give security researchers clear guidelines for conducting vulnerability discovery activities and to convey our preferences in how to submit discovered vulnerabilities to us.
This policy describes what systems and types of research are covered under this policy, how to send us vulnerability reports, and how long we ask security researchers to wait before publicly disclosing vulnerabilities.
We encourage you to contact us to report potential vulnerabilities in our systems.
Authorization.
If you make a good faith effort to comply with this policy during your security research, we will consider your research to be authorized, we will work with you to understand and resolve the issue quickly, and Supply Dynamics, Inc.
will not recommend or pursue legal action related to your research.
Should legal action be initiated by a third party against you for activities that were conducted in accordance with this policy, we will make this authorization known.
Guidelines.
Under this policy, “research” means activities in which you.
Notify us as soon as possible after you discover a real or potential security issue.
Make every effort to avoid privacy violations, degradation of user experience, disruption to production systems, and destruction or manipulation of data.
Only use exploits to the extent necessary to confirm a vulnerability’s presence.
Do not use an exploit to compromise or exfiltrate data, establish command line access and/or persistence, or use the exploit to pivot to other systems.
Provide us a reasonable amount of time to resolve the issue before you disclose it publicly.
Do not submit a high volume of low-quality reports.
Once you’ve established that a vulnerability exists or encounter any sensitive data (including personally identifiable information, financial information, or proprietary information or trade secrets of any party),you must stop your test, notify us immediately, and not disclose this data to anyone else.
Test Methods.
The following test methods are not authorized.
Network denial of service (DoS or DDoS) tests or other tests that impair access to or damage a system or data.
Physical testing (e.
g.
office access, open doors, tailgating), social engineering (e.
g.
phishing, vishing), or any other non-technical vulnerability testing.
Scope.
This policy applies to the following systems and services.
supplydynamics.
com.
*.
supplydynamics.
com.
benchmark.
metalminer.
com.
*.
benchmark.
metalminer.
com.
Any service not expressly listed above, such as any connected services, are excluded from scope and are not authorized for testing.
Additionally, vulnerabilities found in systems from our vendors fall outside of this policy’s scope and should be reported directly to the vendor according to their disclosure policy (if any).
If you aren’t sure whether a system is in scope or not, contact us at before starting your research.
Though we may develop and maintain other internet-accessible systems or services, we ask that active research and testing only be conducted on the systems and services covered by the scope of this document.
If there is a particular system not in scope that you think merits testing, please contact us to discuss it first.
We will increase the scope of this policy over time.
Supply Dynamics, Inc.
does not operate a bug bounty program for any of our systems or services.
Reporting a vulnerability.
Information submitted under this policy will be used for defensive purposes only – to mitigate or remediate vulnerabilities.
If your findings include newly discovered vulnerabilities that affect all users of a product or service and not solely Supply Dynamics, Inc.
, we may share your report with the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency, where it will be handled under their coordinated vulnerability disclosure process.
We will not share your name or contact information without express permission.
We accept vulnerability reports at this form or via Reports may be submitted anonymously.
If you share contact information, we will acknowledge receipt of your report within 3 business days.
We do not support PGP-encrypted emails.
For particularly sensitive information, submit through this form.
What we would like to see from you.
In order to help us triage and prioritize submissions, we recommend that your reports.
Describe the location the vulnerability was discovered and the potential impact of exploitation.
Offer a detailed description of the steps needed to reproduce the vulnerability (proof of concept scripts or screenshots are helpful).
Be in English, if possible.
What you can expect from us.
When you choose to share your contact information with us, we commit to coordinating with you as openly and as quickly as possible.
Within 3 business days, we will acknowledge that your report has been received.
To the best of our ability, we will confirm the existence of the vulnerability to you and be as transparent as possible about what steps we are taking during the remediation process, including on issues or challenges that may delay resolution.
We will maintain an open dialogue to discuss issues.
Questions.
Questions regarding this policy may be sent to We also invite you to contact us with suggestions for improving this policy.
Supply Chain Solutions.
Home.
Products.
SDX.
PAC.
Learn / Resources.
Common Problems.
Insights & Blog.
Our Company.
About Us.
Careers.
Get In Touch.
Setup A Demo.
Contact Us.
© Copyright 2022 Supply Dynamics.
All Rights Reserved.
| By I&P | Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Vulnerability Disclosure Policy.
Provide us a little information about yourself and company, your schedule, and what you're looking to learn, and we'll set up a quick demo with one of our experts.
Provide us a little information about yourself and company, your schedule, and what you're looking to learn, and we'll set up a quick demo with one of our experts.
Company*.
Job Title*.
Name*FirstLast.
Email*.
Phone.
Which days work best for you.
MondayTuesdayWednesdayThursdayFriday.
Monday.
Tuesday.
Wednesday.
Thursday.
Friday.
What time of the day is best for you.
MorningAfternoonLate Afternoon.
Morning.
Afternoon.
Late Afternoon.
Which ERP are you currently using.
What do you hope to accomplish with our platform.
Gain better visibility over our supply chainFind savings on materials and inventoryReduce complexity of our current material inventory management.
Make better decisions on purchasingSomething else.
Is there anything else we should know for your demonstration.
How did you hear about us.
CAPTCHA.
Calculate Your ROI.
What materials go into your parts.
*Please indicate form, alloy, and grade combinations (e.
g.
Sheet, Aluminum, 6061-T6).
How many part suppliers do you have.
*.
How many part numbers do you have.
*.
What is your annual finished part spend.
*.
Name*FirstLast.
Company.
Email Address*.
CAPTCHA.
Send Us Your ResumeWe're ready to hear from you.
Complete our form below and upload your resume.
Our team will be in touch soon.
Send Us Your Resume.
We're ready to hear from you.
Complete our form below and upload your resume.
Our team will be in touch soon.
Name*FirstLast.
Email*.
Phone.
Resume (.
pdf format)*Accepted file types.
pdf.
Watch Our 2019 Box Talk Presentation.
Platform Strategies In Distributed Manufacturing Supply Chains.
