Find Parking AtlantaCincinnatiColumbusDallasNashville.
Find Parking.
Atlanta.
Cincinnati.
Columbus.
Dallas.
Nashville.
About UsCompany ProfileServicesCase StudiesAirport Parking.
About Us.
Company Profile.
Services.
Case Studies.
Airport Parking.
Sign In.
Citations.
FAQ.
Contact Us.
Shopping Cart.
Sign In To My Account.
Valid Email Address Required.
9+ characters 1+ uppercase 1+ number.
We Found Your Account.
Good news.
We already have your email address on file.
Please log in to continue.
If you do not remember your login credentials, click on the "I FORGOT MY PASSWORD" link below.
Valid Email Address Required.
9+ characters 1+ uppercase 1+ number.
Error.
Permit Fees.
Fees may include shipping and processing fees for each permit per lot or keycard deposit fees.
Keycard fees are one time fees, which will be refunded when you cancel your contract and return your keycard.
Recurring Monthly Payments.
When you sign up for recurring monthly payments your card on file will be charged the 20th of each month for your specific lot and your permit will be mailed by the 25th.
To cancel this payment you will need to login to your account and select "cancel permit" 30 days prior to the 1st of the month.
Vehicles on Permits.
You are only allowed one unique license plate per permit.
If you need to change vehicles during the month you are responsible for updating your permit.
Search Results.
Result(s) for your search for.
Shortcuts.
Find Parking.
About Us.
Same Company, with a New Name and New Look.
PCA-Star.
com is now ParkPlaceParking.
com.
We've updated our look and improved your experience to make it easier than ever to find the parking solutions you need.
Take a moment and see what's new.
Set Up Recurring Monthly Payments.
You can now set up recurring monthly payments for your parking.
Manage your permits and payments with our new user-friendly account access.
Quickly Find Lots Near You.
Easily find the locations and prices that work for you.
See available or waitlisted lots.
Search by address, intersection or landmark.
And if you're already on the go, you can use your current location to see which lots are nearest you.
Park Place on Any Device, Any Screen.
Our site is now 100% mobile friendly.
You can find and buy parking and manage your account on any device you choose.
Privacy Policy.
OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
Park Place Parking is committed to protecting and respecting the privacy and security of our customers.
This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to this Website and any other Websites (together, the "Website") operated by us and our affiliates ("Park Place," "we" or "us") and describes how we collect, use, secure and disclose the information that you provide to us.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information that may be collected by third-party websites, content or applications that may link to, or be accessible from or on, our Websites.
This Privacy Policy is based on the principles of notice, choice and security in the use of all information we collect regarding our customers and their activities with us.
By using ParkPlaceParking.
com or any of its affiliated Websites, you acknowledge and accept this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to our Privacy Policy, do not use this Website.
THE INFORMATION WE GATHER.
Personally Identifiable Information.
The Websites collect both personal information and non-personal or aggregate information from and about you.
“Personal information” is information by which you can be personally identified or contacted, and may include your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number(s), and user name.
Personal information also may include information that may not be personally identifiable by itself (for example, your reservation dates), but which may become personally identifiable when combined with other personal information (for example, your reservation dates combined with your name).
We collect, process and store only that personal information about you that you voluntarily provide or make available to us through your use of the Website.
We collect profile information you provide when registering with the Website.
information about the use of parking services arranged or reserved through the Website.
information relating to your participation in our Relax for Rewards® Program and any other information you may provide through the Website.
The Website also may receive payment and payment card information when you pay (or prepay) for parking reservations.
Payment and payment card information is processed by a payment processing service provider and we do not store your payment card information on our systems except as may be necessary to arrange for the processing of your payment.
We also gather information about Website usage, including statistics on unique visits, referring URLs, repeat visits and page views.
This information is gathered to monitor and improve the use and satisfaction of the Website, but is tracked by IP address and is not associated with your personal information, unless you have logged in as a registered user at ParkPlaceParking.
com.
Cookies and other electronic images.
We use cookies and other electronic images (such as transparent gifs or pixels) on this Website.
A "cookie" is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive.
Generally, we use cookies to remind us who you are and to gather statistical information about usage of the Website.
Preference and options configurations in your internet browser affect if and how a cookie will be accepted.
You can change those configurations on your computer if you desire.
Please consult your specific browser instructions to learn more about these features.
By changing your preferences, you can accept all cookies, you can be notified when a cookie is set, or you can reject all cookies.
If you do so and cookies are disabled, you may be required to reenter your information more often and certain features of our Website may be unavailable.
We use information obtained through cookies for several reasons, including.
Collection of anonymous tracking information on Website usage patterns.
Authentication of your user name and password, and to maintain the login for the duration of your visit.
To allow for your user name and password to be saved on a specific computer, so that information need not be entered each time the Website is visited, if so desired.
and.
To allow you to automatically access your account information, and make any changes to your personal information.
Information gathered through the use of cookies and other electronic images is used to continuously improve the Website and users' experience with it.
Other than information that facilitates your use and navigation of the Website, it is not identified with you personally.
In addition, when we send HTML-formatted e-mail messages, we may include single-pixel GIFs to determine which e-mail messages were opened and/or acted upon.
How We Collect Your Information.
Information is collected from and about you on the Websites in various ways, including directly from you when you provide it (for example, when you fill out forms on the Websites or through emails and other communications with us,) and automatically as you navigate through and interact with the Websites and their content (including through our use of cookies as described below and other tracking technologies).
We collect information that you choose to provide when you use the Websites to learn about and use our services, including when you make parking reservations with us, join our loyalty programs, manage your account, request quotes, support or answers to specific questions, subscribe to receive promotional emails, coupons and other information, fill out forms on the Websites, respond to surveys, and register for and participate in contests and other promotional opportunities.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.
Customer Communication.
We use personal information that you give us to communicate with you about important product updates or information and provide you with requested products and services, to register and administer your membership in our programs, and to respond to your inquiries.
Improving Our Websites.
We use both personally-identifiable information and aggregate information to improve our Websites and our communications with you.
New Products and Services.
We gather and use relevant information, personally-identifiable or not, so that we may design, customize, and offer to you new products and services that may be of interest.
While we will only offer to you new products and services we believe you will truly value, you may "opt-out" of receiving such communications from us, as described below under "Customer Choice.
".
Partners.
On occasion, we will partner with third parties for marketing purposes to provide special offers, products or services to you.
We may share your personally-identifiable contact information with those partners, and we hold them to the same privacy standards described in this Privacy Policy.
While we will carefully screen all such offers, products and services and believe they will be of interest to you, you will be able to "opt-out" of receiving such third-party communications, as described below under "Customer Choice".
We do not receive and, therefore, do not and cannot share your banking or credit card information with such third parties.
Sharing Your Information.
We may share your personal information with your company or organization if you use the Websites as part of a corporate account, with our affiliates, with service providers who help us run and maintain the Websites, to an entity that acquires our business, for other purposes that we disclose to you when you provide your information to us, or as required by applicable law or regulatory authority, or in response to legal process to protect our rights and property, or to protect the safety of our users or others.
Children Under 13.
This Website is not intended for, nor do we knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13.
However, if the parent or guardian of a child under 13 believes that their child has provided us with personal information, that parent or guardian should contact us if they want this information deleted from our systems.
If we obtain knowledge that we have personal information about a child under 13 in retrievable form in our files, we will delete that information from our existing files.
Partners, Sponsors and Links.
This Website may provide links to third-party websites, including those of our business partners.
These independent Websites have their own privacy and information collection practices.
We have no responsibility or liability for these independent policies, and encourage you to review the websites' privacy policies to understand how they might collect and use personal information.
Security.
We take the security of your personal information very seriously and are constantly improving our efforts to protect it.
We store the personal information you provide us on our secure servers.
Access to all of our users' information is restricted only to company personnel and third parties who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, a Relax for Rewards® Account Representative or a Park Place Parking Management Team Member).
No electronic communication over the Internet, however, can be guaranteed to be completely secure.
Though we take great care to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you submit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
Please do not use e-mail to send us communications which contain confidential information or which need our immediate attention because your e-mail may not be immediately received by the appropriate business unit at Park Place Parking.
You can take steps to secure your personal information, for example, by maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and account information.
Also, when you are finished at ParkPlaceParking.
com or any of its affiliated Websites, sign off and close your browser window.
This helps ensure that someone cannot pose as you online, which is especially important if you are at a computer accessible to others, such as in a library, a school or your office.
Customer Choice.
By using our Website, you agree to receive all communication directly related to the services that you have purchased or reserved.
In addition, we're always looking for ways to serve you better, including, from time to time, offering you new products and services that we believe you will find valuable.
You, however, will decide what types of such marketing messages you agree to receive.
When you register with ParkPlaceParking.
com or any of its affiliated Websites, you should indicate if you agree to receive promotional and marketing information about new products, services, and offerings from us and any third parties.
We will try to implement requests within a reasonable time, although for a time users may continue to receive communications transmitted based on information released prior to the implementation of the request.
Your California Privacy Rights.
California Civil Code Section 1798.
83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits California residents to request and obtain once a year, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) that we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year.
If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year.
If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please email your request to [email protected].
Use in Other Countries.
This Website may be accessed from outside of the United States.
When you submit personal information through the Website, you understand that we may store, process and access your information outside of your country of residence and by using the Websites you agree to allow us and our affiliates, service providers and business partners to access, store, and use the data in any of the countries where we may store your information, including the United States, and you acknowledge that your information may not be subject to the same legal protections provided by your country of residence or citizenship.
Privacy Policy Changes.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time.
All such updates are effective immediately upon their posting on the website.
You are responsible for regularly reviewing the Website to obtain timely notice of any such updates and amendments.
If you do not agree to the updated terms, you should immediately stop using the website.
Your continued use of the Website signifies your agreement to be bound by the updated terms.
Park Place Parking expressly reserves the right to make any changes to the Privacy Policy at any time, without prior notice to you.
Such changes, updates, or amendments shall not serve to constitute a default or termination by Park Place of these Terms.
Service Contact.
You may contact Park Place Parking by mail to Park Place, 250 W.
Court Street, #200E, Cincinnati, OH 45202, Attention.
Website Customer Service with questions or problems with this Website or our Privacy Policy.
Locations.
Parking With Us.
Create Account.
Citations.
About Us.
Company Profile.
Services.
Case Studies.
Airport Parking.
Need Help.
Contact Us.
FAQ.
Sitemap.
Headed to the airport.
Just park and relax with Fast Park.
©Parking Company of America, All Rights Reserved.
Terms & ConditionsPrivacy Policy.
