SolutionsView AllSwitch Dx³Digital Device DiscoverySwitch DLDigital Layer for the Built EnvironmentPowered by SwitchTechnology Framework for Accelerating Go-to-MarketDigital Engineering ServicesOn-demand Domain Expertise.
View All.
Switch Dx³Digital Device Discovery.
Switch DLDigital Layer for the Built Environment.
Powered by SwitchTechnology Framework for Accelerating Go-to-Market.
Digital Engineering ServicesOn-demand Domain Expertise.
Use CasesVendor AccountabilityData driven maintenance drives vendor accountabilityESG ReportingReal-time reporting of your ESG metricsOccupant ExperienceTechnology to improve occupant experienceOperational EfficiencyTransition to data-driven operations to save time, energy and moneyHealthy BuildingsIncrease tenant confidence by demonstrating your office space is safe, healthy and secureSpace UtilizationKnow and convey to your tenants and occupants when and how space is utilized.
Vendor AccountabilityData driven maintenance drives vendor accountability.
ESG ReportingReal-time reporting of your ESG metrics.
Occupant ExperienceTechnology to improve occupant experience.
Operational EfficiencyTransition to data-driven operations to save time, energy and money.
Healthy BuildingsIncrease tenant confidence by demonstrating your office space is safe, healthy and secure.
Space UtilizationKnow and convey to your tenants and occupants when and how space is utilized.
The CompanyAbout UsOur TeamCareersContact Us.
About Us.
Our Team.
Careers.
Contact Us.
ResourcesBlogWebinarsE-booksCase StudiesWhitepapersHelp CenterEvents.
Blog.
Webinars.
E-books.
Case Studies.
Whitepapers.
Help Center.
Events.
Demo.
Login.
Privacy Policy.
This notice is made available to Data Subjects if Switch Automation is collecting or processing their Personal Information.
All Employees/Contractors of the Switch Automation Group must bring this to the Data Subject’s attention and ensure their consent to the processing of their data is secured.
We at Switch Automation are committed to protecting your privacy.
This Privacy notice applies to our Website, Platform and our Subscription Service and governs our data collection, processing and usage practices.
It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your Personal Information.
If you do not agree with the data practices described in this Privacy Notice, you should not use our Website, Platform or the Subscription Service.
About Switch Automation.
Switch Automation was founded with an ambitious goal to improve the way we operate buildings in order to make a lasting positive impact on the environment.
We are headquartered in Denver, Colorado and provide a global IoT Platform for smart buildings.
Our vision is to enable all buildings to be smarter and more sustainable, by creating technology that brings people and planet to the center of building operations.
“Platform” means hosted environment for all our software and the data we collect, “Subscription Service” means the grant of access to our software features and its hosted data.
“Website” means the provision of a series of webpages on the internet (switchautomation.
com) through which Customers and Partners can access the Platform.
Our data protection representatives can be contacted directly at .
Information we collect.
On our Website.
When you visit our Website, you can browse the site without providing any information to us.
If you request a demonstration or register for our Subscription Service, we collect Navigational Information and request that you provide us Personal Information about yourself.
Personal Information.
When we say, “Personal Information”, we mean information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘Data Subject‘).
If you can’t be identified (for example, when Personal Information has been aggregated and anonymized) then this notice doesn’t apply.
The Personal Information we collect is any information that you provide to us that identifies you personally including contact information of your name, e-mail address, company name and phone number.
We also collect your title, job function and level and the industry your company is in.
Personal Information also includes “Navigational Information” where such information can directly or indirectly identify an individual.
Navigational information means information about your computer and your visits to our Website such as your IP address and geographical location.
For our Customers and Partners.
“Customers” means companies and individuals who have a direct or an indirect relationship with us to use our Subscription Service.
Our “Partners” are companies that use our Platform to deliver services to their Customers.
We must collect and store Personal Information in order to provide you with our Subscription Service and access to our Platform.
We are committed to ensuring that the information we collect and use is appropriate for this purpose, and does not constitute an invasion of your privacy.
We will never disclose any of your details without your consent.
We may from time to time contact you for consent on matters relating to marketing purposes.
Log files in our Platform.
When you use our Subscription Service or access our Platform, we automatically collect some Navigational Information including your IP address and we keep records of the number of logins you make.
This information is used by Switch Automation for security purposes and for the operations of our Platform.
Information about Children.
Our Website is not intended for or targeted at children under 16 years of age.
No one under age 16 may provide any information to the Website.
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 16.
If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on our Website.
If we learn we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under 16, we will delete that information.
If you believe that we have collected information about a child under 16, please contact us at so that we may delete the information.
How we use information from Third Parties.
On our Website.
We use the information we collect only in compliance with this Privacy Notice.
Customers who subscribe to our Subscription Service are obligated through our contracts and agreements to comply with this Privacy Notice.
The Personal Information we collect may be used for the following purposes.
To contact you to arrange a demonstration of our Platform, if that is what you requested.
To update you with information on the Switch Automation company and/or Platform.
To improve your browsing experience by personalizing our Website, Platform or content.
To send you information regarding changes to our Platform, Subscription Service, Terms of Service, Privacy Policy or other policies.
To post Customer testimonials and comments on our Website, which may contain Personal Information.
We obtain each Customer’s consent via email prior to posting the Customer’s name and testimonial.
For our Customers and Partners.
Switch Automation collects information under the direction of its Customers and Partners and may have no direct relationship with the individuals whose Personal Information it processes.
We will attempt to keep your information accurate and up to date, and not keep it for longer than is necessary.
If you are an employee or contractor of one of our Customers and would like your data removed please follow the process in section 5.
Our Customers and Partners use the Subscription Service to gather information and provide building engineering services such as analytics, reporting, monitoring and optimization.
Switch Automation does not control how our Partners and Customers use our Platform, the type of data collected or how that data is used in analytics and reports.
That information belongs to our Customers and Partners and is used, disclosed and protected by them according to their privacy policies and is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
As a Subscriber to our Subscription Service, the Switch Platform may be configured to send push notifications and notices to specific users, i.
e.
Alert them to visit a site to repair an equipment failure.
Our Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information.
We use Customer information collected through our Subscription Service for the following purposes.
To determine users who have authorized access to our Subscription Service.
To determine the access levels that a user has to certain data or Platform features.
To provide the Subscription Service (which may include the detection, prevention and resolution of security and technical issues).
To respond to Customer support requests.
To fulfil the obligations under our Standard Customer Terms of Service in accordance with our Customer and Partner agreements, privacy clauses and other legal requirements.
We never sell Personal Information.
We never sell or supply your Personal Information to any third party.
Security of your Personal Information.
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
We secure the Personal Information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
All Personal Information is protected using appropriate physical, technical and organizational measures.
Consent.
By consenting to this privacy notice you give us permission to process your Personal Information specifically for the purposes identified.
You may withdraw consent at any time by sending an email to contacting us with this content.
I, [Data Subject name], withdraw my consent to process my Personal Information from Switch Automation.
Switch Automation no longer has my consent to process my Personal Information for the purpose of [specify reason of processing Personal Information], which was previously granted.
Switch Automation will retain the record that the Data Subject has withdrawn consent to the processing of his or her personal data.
Retention period.
Switch Automation will continue to host all data and Personal Information of the associated users for as long as there is a current Subscription Service in place.
When a Subscription Service is terminated or discontinued, then all hosted data and Personal Information will be deleted from the Platform within 30 days.
Your rights as a Data Subject.
At any point while we are in possession of, or processing your Personal Information, you, the Data Subject, have the following rights.
Right of access – You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
Right of rectification – You have the right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten – In certain circumstances you have the right to ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.
Right to restriction of processing – Where certain conditions apply, you have the right to restrict the processing.
Right of portability – You have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.
Right to object – You have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – You have the right to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.
Right to judicial review – In the event that we refuse your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why.
You have the right to complain as outlined in clause 8.
0 below.
Complaints.
If you wish to make a complaint about how your Personal Information is being processed by Switch Automation (or third parties as described in above), or how your complaint has been handled, you have the right to lodge a complaint directly with the Switch Automation data protection representatives.
The details for these contacts are.
Data Protection Officer Contact DetailsContact Name.
Deborah Noller c/o Switch AutomationAddress.
1550 Wewatta StreetLevel 2Denver, CO 80202 USAEmail.
.
Global company.
We are a global company with Australian influence and a North American headquarters.
We have Microsoft Azure instances in Australia, Asia and the United States which may involve cross-border transfers of Personal Information.
We ensure any data transfers between our teams in different countries are done with specific measures in place to secure the data.
For group activities where we have several entities engaged in a joint economic activity, companies can transfer personal data based under binding corporate rules.
Solutions.
Use Cases.
The Company.
Customer Support.
Help Center.
Login.
Schedule a demo.
Privacy Policy.
Facebook.
Twitter.
Email Us.
LinkedIn.
Instagram.
© 2022 Switch Automation.
