COMPLIANCE In A SNAP.
Better technology.
Smarter data.
Simpler security and FDA/EMA compliance.
Still monitoring your pharmaceutical cold storage the old-fashioned way.
WE HAVE AN EASY & SMART SOLUTION.
the future of Pharma 4.
0.
SYNAP IoT, a cloud-based solution that gives you remote oversight and data-driven insights into temperature and environment.
In real-time from anywhere in the world.
PLUG it into any temperature control unit or use the box's built-in sensors to measure ambient conditions.
As we say, just PLUG & PLAY.
Compliance doesn’t have to be complicated.
Thermometers and paper files.
Not anymore.
Compliance stress.
All yesterday’s news.
SYNAP IoT gives you complete insight into temperature and atmosphere remotely, along with an automated alert system and a cost-saving subscription model.
TEMPERATURE RULES.
We got you covered.
In the ranges from –200 °C (328 °F) to +100 °C (212 °F).
Our BOX can be your ROOMGuard  or PHARMAGuard.
THE BENEFITSNO WIFI / No IT / NO LIMITS.
+ Simple InstallationA compact box you plug in to power.
6 hours of battery life.
No wifi or antenna.
Works on the GSM network.
+ Simple Installation.
A compact box you plug in to power.
6 hours of battery life.
No wifi or antenna.
Works on the GSM network.
+ FDA/EMA ComplianceMeets the highest standards of compliance as soon as you open the box and plug it in.
+ FDA/EMA Compliance.
Meets the highest standards of compliance as soon as you open the box and plug it in.
+ Subscription ServicePay as you go.
We’ll send updates and new releases remotely.
+ Subscription Service.
Pay as you go.
We’ll send updates and new releases remotely.
+ Cloud-basedNo more paper files, USB sticks or manual monitoring.
SYNAP IoT works on the cloud, sending real-time updates and alerts you can access wherever you are.
+ Cloud-based.
No more paper files, USB sticks or manual monitoring.
SYNAP IoT works on the cloud, sending real-time updates and alerts you can access wherever you are.
+ Smart DataSYNAP IoT utilises next-generation data for temperature, humidity and atmosphere with customisable decimal precision.
+ Smart Data.
SYNAP IoT utilises next-generation data for temperature, humidity and atmosphere with customisable decimal precision.
+ Real-time UpdatesUpdates and alerts are sent to the cloud every minute, so you always have a clear understanding of current conditions.
+ Real-time Updates.
Updates and alerts are sent to the cloud every minute, so you always have a clear understanding of current conditions.
+ No IT Support NeededSYNAP IoT uncouples atmosphere monitoring from the IT team and the LAN network, giving you greater control and efficiency.
+ No IT Support Needed.
SYNAP IoT uncouples atmosphere monitoring from the IT team and the LAN network, giving you greater control and efficiency.
+ Centralised MonitoringAvailable in 180 countries, SYNAP IoT lets you monitor multiple locations with centralised, real-time data.
+ Centralised Monitoring.
Available in 180 countries, SYNAP IoT lets you monitor multiple locations with centralised, real-time data.
+ Free TrialSYNAP IoT units are free.
No installation or start-up fee, just instant security and data-driven oversight.
You only pay for the service.
+ Free Trial.
SYNAP IoT units are free.
No installation or start-up fee, just instant security and data-driven oversight.
You only pay for the service.
+ Predictive Maintenance SYNAP IoT uses data to predict future maintenance so you can prepare in advance.
+ Predictive Maintenance.
SYNAP IoT uses data to predict future maintenance so you can prepare in advance.
+ Tailored ReportingCustomise your own reports and get them when you need them.
+ Tailored Reporting.
Customise your own reports and get them when you need them.
+OPERATING TEMPERATUREThe monitoring temperature ranges from –200 °C (328 °F) to +100 °C (212 °F).
+OPERATING TEMPERATURE.
The monitoring temperature ranges from –200 °C (328 °F) to +100 °C (212 °F).
TRY & BUYFREE TRIAL€25/month & BOX IS ON US.
SHOP SYNAP IoT.
Plugs & Probes          We provide probes & plugs fitting for Europe, USA and UK.
Plugs & Probes.
We provide probes & plugs fitting for Europe, USA and UK.
Worldwide Delivery          We delivery worldwide.
Worldwide Delivery.
We delivery worldwide.
Operating Temperatures          The monitoring temperature ranges from –200 °C (328 °F) to +100 °C (212 °F).
Operating Temperatures.
The monitoring temperature ranges from –200 °C (328 °F) to +100 °C (212 °F).
CALL Us.
DENMARK.
2938 1006.
UNITED KINGDOM.
7798 640 074.
CZECH REPUBLIC.
732 298 822.
GERMANY.
176 60 900 415.
Newsletter sign up.
Sign up for our newsletter to keep up to date, learn about special offers, and more.
Follow us on social.
Follow us on Instagram, Twitter and LinkedIn to see what’s new.
SYNAP IOT .
TERMS OF USE PRIVACY FAQ.
SYNAP IoT © 2020.
All rights reserved.
