Live Webinar.
Your Roadmap to a Successful Engineering Document Management Implementation (June 22nd 2pm).
Software                    Software                      Adept                      Document Management Platform                        Align your workforce on a scalable, flexible platform                        Core Document Management Capabilities                        Find documents fast, control versions, and leverage your data                        Centralize Document Access                        Find documents fast, control versions, and leverage your data                        Find Documents Fast                        Find documents fast, control versions, and leverage your data                        Ensure Version Control                        Find documents fast, control versions, and leverage your data                        Leverage Metadata                        Find documents fast, control versions, and leverage your data                        Workflow and Collaboration                        Automate approval processes and simplify global collaboration                        CAD Integrations                        Give designers the tools they need to stay focused on design                        Visualization & Markup                        View and markup CAD and office files without the native application                        Security & Control                        Get the document security, control, and traceability you need                        Business System Integrations                        Automate data flows and business processes across applications                        Adept PublishWave                      Adept Integrator                      Solutions                      By Need                      Engineering Drawing Management                        Run Adept inside CAD, manage references, and link attributes                        Product Data Management                        Get complete, integrated PDM for Inventor and SOLIDWORKS                        Enterprise Document Management                        Connect your entire workforce with one source of truth                        Capital Engineering Projects                        Deliver capital projects to operations faster and with lower risk                        Operations & Maintenance                        Get more efficient, safe, and reliable asset operations                        Regulatory Compliance                        Simplify data governance, compliance, and system validation                        Engineering Change Management                        Automate and accelerate your engineering change process                        Global Collaboration and Work Sharing                        Empower innovation, simplify design reviews, and shorten projects                        By Industry                      Chemicals                        Connect your value chain to transform projects and operations                        Energy & Utilities                        Improve reliability, safety, and compliance with drawing control                        Engineering & Construction                        Design and build better, faster, and more profitably                        Facilities & Buildings                        Optimize the return on your facilities and buildings                        Lifesciences                        Streamline compliance and system validation                        Manufacturing                        Get control of your entire product development process                        Mining                        Get control of your mining project documentation from pit to port                        Oil & Gas                        Increase asset reliability, accelerate projects, and lower your risk                        Services                      Onboarding                      EasyStart Onboarding                        Implement Adept and go live in a week or two                        Personalized Onboarding                        Built for your requirements, IT environment, legacy data, and resources                        Integrator Onboarding                        Application integration using pre-built connectors configured for you                        Professional Services                      Training                        Learn Adept in a live, interactive, hands-on environment                        Adept Administrator Essentials                        Learn Adept in a live, interactive, hands-on environment                        Adept Administrator Training for IT                        Learn Adept in a live, interactive, hands-on environment                        Ongoing Consulting Services                        Get expert technical consulting to optimize your Adept installation                        Remote Adept Administration                        Outsource the administration of Adept to experienced experts                        Adept Server Hosting                        Free up IT resources, lower operating costs, and improve security                        Helpdesk Support Services                        Get the support you deserve with experts who treat you like family.
Software                      Adept                      Document Management Platform                        Align your workforce on a scalable, flexible platform                        Core Document Management Capabilities                        Find documents fast, control versions, and leverage your data                        Centralize Document Access                        Find documents fast, control versions, and leverage your data                        Find Documents Fast                        Find documents fast, control versions, and leverage your data                        Ensure Version Control                        Find documents fast, control versions, and leverage your data                        Leverage Metadata                        Find documents fast, control versions, and leverage your data                        Workflow and Collaboration                        Automate approval processes and simplify global collaboration                        CAD Integrations                        Give designers the tools they need to stay focused on design                        Visualization & Markup                        View and markup CAD and office files without the native application                        Security & Control                        Get the document security, control, and traceability you need                        Business System Integrations                        Automate data flows and business processes across applications                        Adept PublishWave                      Adept Integrator.
Adept                      Document Management Platform                        Align your workforce on a scalable, flexible platform                        Core Document Management Capabilities                        Find documents fast, control versions, and leverage your data                        Centralize Document Access                        Find documents fast, control versions, and leverage your data                        Find Documents Fast                        Find documents fast, control versions, and leverage your data                        Ensure Version Control                        Find documents fast, control versions, and leverage your data                        Leverage Metadata                        Find documents fast, control versions, and leverage your data                        Workflow and Collaboration                        Automate approval processes and simplify global collaboration                        CAD Integrations                        Give designers the tools they need to stay focused on design                        Visualization & Markup                        View and markup CAD and office files without the native application                        Security & Control                        Get the document security, control, and traceability you need                        Business System Integrations                        Automate data flows and business processes across applications.
Document Management Platform                        Align your workforce on a scalable, flexible platform.
Core Document Management Capabilities                        Find documents fast, control versions, and leverage your data                        Centralize Document Access                        Find documents fast, control versions, and leverage your data                        Find Documents Fast                        Find documents fast, control versions, and leverage your data                        Ensure Version Control                        Find documents fast, control versions, and leverage your data                        Leverage Metadata                        Find documents fast, control versions, and leverage your data.
Centralize Document Access                        Find documents fast, control versions, and leverage your data.
Find Documents Fast                        Find documents fast, control versions, and leverage your data.
Ensure Version Control                        Find documents fast, control versions, and leverage your data.
Leverage Metadata                        Find documents fast, control versions, and leverage your data.
Workflow and Collaboration                        Automate approval processes and simplify global collaboration.
CAD Integrations                        Give designers the tools they need to stay focused on design.
Visualization & Markup                        View and markup CAD and office files without the native application.
Security & Control                        Get the document security, control, and traceability you need.
Business System Integrations                        Automate data flows and business processes across applications.
Adept PublishWave.
Adept Integrator.
Solutions                      By Need                      Engineering Drawing Management                        Run Adept inside CAD, manage references, and link attributes                        Product Data Management                        Get complete, integrated PDM for Inventor and SOLIDWORKS                        Enterprise Document Management                        Connect your entire workforce with one source of truth                        Capital Engineering Projects                        Deliver capital projects to operations faster and with lower risk                        Operations & Maintenance                        Get more efficient, safe, and reliable asset operations                        Regulatory Compliance                        Simplify data governance, compliance, and system validation                        Engineering Change Management                        Automate and accelerate your engineering change process                        Global Collaboration and Work Sharing                        Empower innovation, simplify design reviews, and shorten projects                        By Industry                      Chemicals                        Connect your value chain to transform projects and operations                        Energy & Utilities                        Improve reliability, safety, and compliance with drawing control                        Engineering & Construction                        Design and build better, faster, and more profitably                        Facilities & Buildings                        Optimize the return on your facilities and buildings                        Lifesciences                        Streamline compliance and system validation                        Manufacturing                        Get control of your entire product development process                        Mining                        Get control of your mining project documentation from pit to port                        Oil & Gas                        Increase asset reliability, accelerate projects, and lower your risk.
By Need                      Engineering Drawing Management                        Run Adept inside CAD, manage references, and link attributes                        Product Data Management                        Get complete, integrated PDM for Inventor and SOLIDWORKS                        Enterprise Document Management                        Connect your entire workforce with one source of truth                        Capital Engineering Projects                        Deliver capital projects to operations faster and with lower risk                        Operations & Maintenance                        Get more efficient, safe, and reliable asset operations                        Regulatory Compliance                        Simplify data governance, compliance, and system validation                        Engineering Change Management                        Automate and accelerate your engineering change process                        Global Collaboration and Work Sharing                        Empower innovation, simplify design reviews, and shorten projects.
Engineering Drawing Management                        Run Adept inside CAD, manage references, and link attributes.
Product Data Management                        Get complete, integrated PDM for Inventor and SOLIDWORKS.
Enterprise Document Management                        Connect your entire workforce with one source of truth.
Capital Engineering Projects                        Deliver capital projects to operations faster and with lower risk.
Operations & Maintenance                        Get more efficient, safe, and reliable asset operations.
Regulatory Compliance                        Simplify data governance, compliance, and system validation.
Engineering Change Management                        Automate and accelerate your engineering change process.
Global Collaboration and Work Sharing                        Empower innovation, simplify design reviews, and shorten projects.
By Industry                      Chemicals                        Connect your value chain to transform projects and operations                        Energy & Utilities                        Improve reliability, safety, and compliance with drawing control                        Engineering & Construction                        Design and build better, faster, and more profitably                        Facilities & Buildings                        Optimize the return on your facilities and buildings                        Lifesciences                        Streamline compliance and system validation                        Manufacturing                        Get control of your entire product development process                        Mining                        Get control of your mining project documentation from pit to port                        Oil & Gas                        Increase asset reliability, accelerate projects, and lower your risk.
Chemicals                        Connect your value chain to transform projects and operations.
Energy & Utilities                        Improve reliability, safety, and compliance with drawing control.
Engineering & Construction                        Design and build better, faster, and more profitably.
Facilities & Buildings                        Optimize the return on your facilities and buildings.
Lifesciences                        Streamline compliance and system validation.
Manufacturing                        Get control of your entire product development process.
Mining                        Get control of your mining project documentation from pit to port.
Oil & Gas                        Increase asset reliability, accelerate projects, and lower your risk.
Services                      Onboarding                      EasyStart Onboarding                        Implement Adept and go live in a week or two                        Personalized Onboarding                        Built for your requirements, IT environment, legacy data, and resources                        Integrator Onboarding                        Application integration using pre-built connectors configured for you                        Professional Services                      Training                        Learn Adept in a live, interactive, hands-on environment                        Adept Administrator Essentials                        Learn Adept in a live, interactive, hands-on environment                        Adept Administrator Training for IT                        Learn Adept in a live, interactive, hands-on environment                        Ongoing Consulting Services                        Get expert technical consulting to optimize your Adept installation                        Remote Adept Administration                        Outsource the administration of Adept to experienced experts                        Adept Server Hosting                        Free up IT resources, lower operating costs, and improve security                        Helpdesk Support Services                        Get the support you deserve with experts who treat you like family.
Onboarding                      EasyStart Onboarding                        Implement Adept and go live in a week or two                        Personalized Onboarding                        Built for your requirements, IT environment, legacy data, and resources                        Integrator Onboarding                        Application integration using pre-built connectors configured for you.
EasyStart Onboarding                        Implement Adept and go live in a week or two.
Personalized Onboarding                        Built for your requirements, IT environment, legacy data, and resources.
Integrator Onboarding                        Application integration using pre-built connectors configured for you.
Professional Services                      Training                        Learn Adept in a live, interactive, hands-on environment                        Adept Administrator Essentials                        Learn Adept in a live, interactive, hands-on environment                        Adept Administrator Training for IT                        Learn Adept in a live, interactive, hands-on environment                        Ongoing Consulting Services                        Get expert technical consulting to optimize your Adept installation                        Remote Adept Administration                        Outsource the administration of Adept to experienced experts                        Adept Server Hosting                        Free up IT resources, lower operating costs, and improve security                        Helpdesk Support Services                        Get the support you deserve with experts who treat you like family.
Training                        Learn Adept in a live, interactive, hands-on environment                        Adept Administrator Essentials                        Learn Adept in a live, interactive, hands-on environment                        Adept Administrator Training for IT                        Learn Adept in a live, interactive, hands-on environment.
Adept Administrator Essentials                        Learn Adept in a live, interactive, hands-on environment.
Adept Administrator Training for IT                        Learn Adept in a live, interactive, hands-on environment.
Ongoing Consulting Services                        Get expert technical consulting to optimize your Adept installation.
Remote Adept Administration                        Outsource the administration of Adept to experienced experts.
Adept Server Hosting                        Free up IT resources, lower operating costs, and improve security.
Helpdesk Support Services                        Get the support you deserve with experts who treat you like family.
Demo Center.
Resources                    Resource Center                      Customer Success Stories                      Why Adept.
Live Webinars                      On-Demand Webinars                      E-books and Guides                      Technical Documents                      Blog                      Community.
Resource Center.
Customer Success Stories.
Why Adept.
Live Webinars.
On-Demand Webinars.
E-books and Guides.
Technical Documents.
Blog.
Community.
Pricing.
Company                    About Us                      News                      Careers                      Partners.
About Us.
News.
Careers.
Partners.
Login.
Contact Us.
Synergis Technologies, LLCPrivacy Statement.
Synergis Technologies, LLC including its two divisions, Synergis Software and Synergis Engineering Design Solutions, (“Synergis”, “we”, “us”), is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy applies to all our Websites (        and .
This Synergis Privacy Statement (“Privacy Statement”) governs our data collection, processing and usage practices, including how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information via our Websites, cloud services, mobile apps, and desktop and server software.
It also describes your choices about the use, access and correction of your personal information.
If you do not agree with the data practices described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use the Website.
Changes to This Privacy StatementSynergis may update our Privacy Statement at any time.
Therefore, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Statement on this page.
Changes are effective immediately after they are posted.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our treatment of the information you provide us, please write to us by email at or by mail to Synergis Technologies, LLC 18 South Fifth Street, Suite 100, Quakertown, PA 18951 USA, Attn.
Privacy.
Privacy Notice for EU Data Subjects.
If you are visiting this site from the European Union, please see our EU Data Subject Privacy Notice for information about the processing of your personal information.
Information We Collect.
When You Visit our Websites.
You are free to explore the Websites without providing any Personal Information about yourself.
When you visit the Websites, we request that you provide Personal Information about yourself, and we collect Navigational Information.
“Personal Information”.
This refers to any information that you voluntarily submit to us and that identifies you personally, including contact information, such as your name, e-mail address, company name, address, phone number, and other information about yourself or your business.
Personal Information can also include information about any transactions, both free and paid, that you enter into on the Websites, and information about you that is available on the internet, such as from Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Google, or publicly available information that we acquire from service providers.
Personal Information also includes Navigational Information or Payment Information where such information can directly or indirectly identify an individual.
Navigational information refers to information about your computer and your visits to this website such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and pages viewed.
Please see the “Navigation Information” section below.
We collect and process payment information from you when you register for our User Conferences, including credit cards numbers and billing information, using third party PCI-compliant service providers.
Except for this, we do not collect Sensitive Information from you.
Log Files.
When you view content provided by us, we automatically collect information about your computer hardware and software.
This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, internet service provider (ISP), and the files viewed on our site (e.
g.
, HTML pages, graphics, etc.
), operating system, clickstream data, access times, and referring website addresses.
This information is used by Synergis Technologies LLC to provide general statistics regarding use of the Websites.
Information We Collect from Third Parties.
From time to time, we may receive Personal Information about you from third party sources including partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities, and publicly available sources such as social media websites.
Information about Children.
The Websites are not intended for or targeted at children under 13, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children under 13.
If you believe that we have collected information about a child under 13, please contact us at .
Social Media Features.
Our Websites include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our sites.
These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Websites.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to these features.
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy and other policies of the companies providing them.
External Websites.
Our Websites provide links to other websites.
We do not control, and are not responsible for, the content or practices of these other websites.
Our provision of such links does not constitute our endorsement of these other websites, their content, their owners, or their practices.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to these other websites, which are subject to any privacy and other policies they may have.
Public Forums.
We offer publicly accessible message boards, blogs, and community forums.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose any information through our public message boards, blogs, or forums, this information may be collected and used by others.
We will correct or delete any information you have posted on the Websites if you so request, as described in “Opting Out and Unsubscribing” below.
Event Participation.
Participation in events (like Webcasts or Synergis User Conferences) is voluntary and each participant, therefore, has a choice whether or not to disclose information for registration, presentation, or other event related purposes.
At events, videotapes, digital pictures or movies, audio recordings, and/or photographs (all of which are referred to as ‘Pictures’) may be taken.
Participation in the event indicates consent to the Pictures being produced by Synergis, its agents or assigns, or other participants at the event.
Presentations, handouts, video, images, or other materials presented by event participants (all of which are referred to as ‘Presentations’) will be shown to participants.
Event participants grant Synergis, its agents or assigns, exclusively and perpetually throughout the world and elsewhere, all rights of every kind, whether known or unknown, for the unlimited use both now and in the future of such Pictures and Presentations.
Participants hereby release and hold harmless Synergis its officers, employees, agents, or assigns from any claims in relation to these Pictures or Presentations.
Surveys & ContestsParticipation in surveys or contests offered on our website is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level).
Contact information is required for us to notify contest winners and award prizes, and to complete survey submissions.
Survey question responses and other submitted information will be used for purposes of gathering input on the survey topic for our review and analysis.
How We Use Information We Collect.
Compliance with Our Privacy Policy.
We use the information we collect only in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
We Never Sell Personal Information.
We will never sell your Personal Information to any third party.
Use of Personal Information.
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may use your Personal Information to.
improve your browsing experience by personalizing the Websites.
send information or Synergis Technologies content to you which we think may be of interest to you by post, email, or other means and send you marketing communications relating to our business.
share promotional and information content with you in accordance with your communication preferences.
provide other companies with statistical information about our users — but this information will not be used to identify any individual user.
send information to you regarding changes to our Website Terms of Service, Privacy Policy (including the Cookie Policy), or other legal agreements.
meet legal requirements.
We may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you.
In those cases, we do not transfer your Personal Information to the third party.
Use of Navigational Information.
We use Navigational Information to operate and improve the Websites.
We may also use Navigational Information alone or in combination with Personal Information to provide you with personalized information about Synergis Technologies.
Customer Testimonials and Comments.
We use customer testimonials and comments on our Websites, which may contain Personal Information.
We obtain each customer’s consent via email prior to posting the customer’s name and testimonial.
Use of Credit Card Information.
If you give us credit card information, we use it solely to check your financial qualifications and collect payment from you.
We use a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing.
This service provider is not permitted to store, retain, or use information you provide except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on our behalf.
How We Share Information We Collect.
Service Providers.
We employ other companies and people to provide services to visitors to our Websites and our customers, and may need to share your information with them to provide information, products or services to you.
Examples may include removing repetitive information from prospect lists, analyzing data or performing statistical analysis, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, supplementing the information you provide us in order to provide you with better service, and providing customer service or support.
In all cases where we share your information with such agents, we explicitly require the agent to acknowledge and adhere to our privacy and customer data handling policies.
Synergis Technologies LLC Partners.
In addition, we may share data with trusted partners to contact you based on your request to receive such communications, help us perform statistical analysis, or provide customer support.
Such third parties are prohibited from using your Personal Information except for these purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
We partner with trusted third parties to provide you with co-marketing content that we think may be relevant to you.
When you engage with these co-marketing partners, we will tell you who we are sharing data with, and provide a link to the co-marketing partner’s privacy policy so you can learn more about how to opt-out of the partner’s communications.
These co-marketing partners are required to adhere to our privacy and data protection policies.
Corporate Events.
If we (or our assets) are acquired by another company, whether by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or otherwise, that company would receive all information gathered by Synergis Technologies on the Websites.
In this event, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any change in ownership, uses of your Personal Information, and choices you may have regarding your Personal Information.
Cookies and Similar Technologies.
Cookies.
Synergis Technologies and its partners use cookies or similar technologies (such as web beacons) to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
To find out more about how we use cookies on our Websites and how to manage your cookie preferences please see our Cookie Policy.
Advertising.
We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites.
Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.
If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking here.
or if located in the European Union, by clicking here.
.
Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising.
You will continue to receive generic ads.
Third Party Tracking Technologies.
The use of cookies and web beacons by any tracking utility company is not covered by our Privacy Policy or Cookie Policy.
Security of your Personal Information.
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
We secure the Personal Information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
All Personal Information is protected using appropriate physical, technical and organizational measures.
Retention of Personal Information.
How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information as described in further detail below.
After such time, we will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not possible, then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible.
We retain Personal Information that you provide to us where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, as long as is required in order to contact you about our products or services, or as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Information, we securely delete the information or anonymize it or, if this is not possible, then we will securely store your Personal Information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
We will delete this information from the servers at an earlier date if you so request, as described in “To Unsubscribe from Our Communications” below.
To Unsubscribe From Our Communications.
You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our e-mails, updating your communication preferences, or by sending us email us at or postal mail at the address below.
Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their account with us for products or services.
Contact.
Synergis Technologies, LLCAttn.
Privacy18 South Fifth Street, Suite 100Quakertown, PA 18951, USA.
Links to Other Sites or ServicesSynergis.
com and other Synergis products and services may contain links to other sites or services not provided by Synergis.
If you click on such a link, you will be directed to that site or service.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of sites or services not provided by Synergis.
This Privacy Statement applies solely to our website and Synergis products and services.
Contact UsIf you have any questions about your choices regarding how we use and disclose your personal information, or how to exercise these choices, or if you have any privacy-related complaint or inquiry please contact us at .
Resources to support your document control and digital transformation initiatives.
Live Webinars.
Register for live, educational webinars conducted by the industry’s most trusted engineering document management experts.
See upcoming webinars.
Demo Center.
Watch short demos of key features and capabilities of the Adept product suite.
Visit demo center.
Ebooks, Guides, and More.
Access a range of downloadable guides and technical documents to broaden your knowledge and improve your skills.
Browse helpful resources.
We'd love to hear from you.
Reach out and let's see if we can help.
215-529-9900.
Schedule a Discovery Call.
Request a Quote.
SoftwareAdeptAdept PublishWaveAdept IntegratorServices.
Adept.
Adept PublishWave.
Adept Integrator.
Services.
By NeedDrawing ManagementOperations & MaintenanceEngineering Change ManagementEnterprise Document ManagementAsset Operations & MaintenanceSee All.
Drawing Management.
Operations & Maintenance.
Engineering Change Management.
Enterprise Document Management.
Asset Operations & Maintenance.
See All.
By IndustryEnergy & UtilitiesChemicalsOil & GasManufacturingFacilities & BuildingsSee All.
Energy & Utilities.
Chemicals.
Oil & Gas.
Manufacturing.
Facilities & Buildings.
See All.
ResourcesCustomer Success StoriesWhy AdeptDemo CenterEbooks and GuidesOn-demand WebinarsBlogSee All.
Customer Success Stories.
Why Adept.
Demo Center.
Ebooks and Guides.
On-demand Webinars.
Blog.
See All.
CompanyAbout UsPartnersCareers.
About Us.
Partners.
Careers.
Pricing.
Contact.
Login.
Facebook.
Linkedin.
Twitter.
Youtube.
Privacy Policy.
Terms of Use.
EU Privacy Notice.
Cookie Policy.
Product Notices.
