Privacy Policy.
Last Updated - March 8, 2017.
This privacy policy ("Policy") describes how Tachyus Corporation (the "Company") collects, uses and shares personal information of individuals who visit ("Visitors") this website,  as well as other website owned or operated by the Company (the "Sites") and individuals who register ("Customers") to use the Site and the related applications and services offered by the Company (collectively, the "Services").
Customer Data.
Customers may electronically submit data or information to the Services for hosting and processing purposes ("Customer Data"), such as large production data sets, daily production or operations data, or asset history and/or characteristics.
This Policy does not pertain to the protection of those data.
The Company will not review, share, distribute, or reference any such Customer Data except as provided in the Tachyus Software as a Service Agreement or other service agreement that Tachyus has entered into with such Customer, or as otherwise may be required by law.
What We Colect.
When expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about the Services or registering to use the Services, the Company requires you to provide the Company with personal contact information, such as name, company name, address, phone number, and email address ("Required Contact Information").
When purchasing the Services, the Company may require you to provide the Company with financial qualification and billing information, such as billing name and address and/or the number of employees within the organization that will be using the Services ("Billing Information").
The Company may also ask you to provide additional information, such as company annual revenues, number of employees, industry, type(s) of services you or your organization currently use, etc.
Contact Information, Billing Information, and Optional Information about Customers are referred to collectively as "Data About Tachyus Customers".
As you navigate the Sites, the Company may also collect information through the use of commonly-used information-gathering tools, such as cookies, pixel tags and Web beacons ("Web Site Usage Information").
Web Site Usage Information includes standard information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language), your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, and the actions you take on the Site (such as the Web pages viewed and the links clicked).
Please see the section below entitled "Website Usage Information" below for further details regarding the collection and use of Web Site Usage Information.
In all circumstances, we may perform these information collection practices and store the data collected through such practices directly or use a third party vendor to perform these functions on our behalf.
By accepting this Policy you consent to the collection and storage of your personal information by third party vendors.
Use of Information Collected.
We use Data About Tachyus Customers as follows.
• To operate, maintain, and improve our sites, products, and services.
• To respond to comments and questions and provide customer service.
• To send information including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages.
• To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.
• To provide and deliver products and services customers request.
The Company uses the Billing Information solely to check the financial qualifications and collect payments from Customers.
Sharing of Personal Information.
We may share Data About Tachyus Customers as follows.
When we do a business deal, or negotiate a business deal, involving the sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets.
These deals can include any merger, financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding.
For legal, protection, and safety purposes, including but not limited to.
• to comply with laws.
• to respond to lawful requests and legal processes.
• to protect the rights and property of Tachyus Corporation, our agents, customers, and others, including enforcing our agreements with Customers.
With those who need it to do work for us.
We may also share aggregated and/or anonymized data with others for their own uses.
Website Usage Information.
Cookies, Web Beacons, IP Addresses and Pixel Tags.
The Company uses commonly-used information-gathering tools, such as cookies, Web beacons and pixel tags, to collect information as you navigate the Sites ("Web Site Usage Information").
This section describes the types of Web Site Usage Information used on the Sites and how this information may be used.
Cookies.
The Company uses cookies to make interactions with the Sites more useful.
When you visit one of the Company's Sites, the Company's servers send a cookie to your computer.
The Company uses cookies that are session-based and persistent-based.
Session cookies exist only during one session.
They disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer.
Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you close your browser or turn off your computer.
Web Beacons.
The Company uses Web beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about Customers and Visitors' usage of the Sites and other Services.
Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of information on your computer, such as cookies, when you viewed a particular Site tied to the Web beacon, and a description of a Site tied to the Web beacon.
The Company uses Web beacons to operate and improve the Sites and other Services.
IP Addresses.
When you visit the Sites, the Company collects your Internet Protocol IP addresses to track and aggregate non-personal information, and in some cases as part of multiple-factor identification for access to or authorization upload to certain Tachyus websites or servers.
For example, the Company uses IP addresses to monitor the regions from which Customers and Visitors navigate the Sites.
Pixel Tags.
We may also use "pixel tags," "web beacons," "clear GIFs" or similar means (individually or collectively "Pixel Tags") in connection with the Services to collect usage, demographic and geographical location data.
A Pixel Tag is an electronic image, often a single pixel, that is ordinarily not visible to users and may be associated with cookies on a user's hard drive.
Pixel Tags allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of our Site, to deliver branded services and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns.
Do Not Track.
Currently, various browsers - including Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari - offer a "do not track" or "DNT" option that relies on a technology known as a DNT header, which sends a signal to Web sites' visited by the user about the user's browser DNT preference setting.
The Company does not currently commit to responding to browsers' DNT signals with respect to the Sites, in part, because no common industry standard for DNT has been adopted by industry groups, technology companies or regulators, including no consistent standard of interpreting user intent.
Third Party Applications.
In addition, we work with third-party companies that use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect information about your activities on the Sites (which may be personal information) in order to help us better understand the use and operation of our Services.
These third parties may collect and analyze information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our Services.
We do not exercise control over these third party websites or services.
We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites and services we work with.
Some of the third-parties we work with include the following companies.
Google Analytics.
You may visit the following webpage for further details on how Google Analytics' accesses and uses information about your activities on the Sites.
.
Inspectlet.
Inspectlet's Terms of Service require that we disclose the following statement to you.
We have engaged Inspectlet to analyse the activities of Visitors and Customers on the Sites, and Inspectlet's authorized use of cookies and other tracking technologies enable it to have access to personal information of Visitors and Customers.
Such access to and use of personal information by Inspectlet is governed by Inspectlet's Privacy Policy at .
Mixpanel.
You can learn more about Mixpanel by visiting the following website.
Mixpanel's Terms of Use require us to notify you about Mixpanel's opt-out policy.
You can opt-out of Mixpanel's automatic retention of data collected through your browser while on your mobile and web properties or Web sites that have Mixpanel's services integrated by clicking here.
Mixpanel's Terms of Use also require us to notify you that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter your browser's cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers) you may also clear the Mixpanel opt-out cookie.
SendGrid.
You can learn more about SendGrid by visiting the following website.
.
Children's Information.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with any personally identifiable information without their consent, he or she should contact us at If we become aware that a child under 18 has provided us with any personally identifiable information, we will delete such information and the child's account.
Information Security.
Tachyus employs reasonable physical, technological and administrative security measures to protect the information it collects.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.
Therefore, although we take reasonable steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information, searches, or other communications will always remain secure.
Users of our Services should also take care with how they handle and disclose their personal information and should avoid sending personal information through insecure email and other electronic means.
Please refer to the Federal Trade Commission's website at  for information about how to protect yourself against identity theft.
If Tachyus learns of a security breach that results in the unauthorized disclosure of your Required Contact Information, we may attempt to notify you electronically through our Services so that you can take appropriate protective steps.
Tachyus may also send an e-mail to you at an e-mail address you have provided to us.
International Transfer.
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, Tachyus transfers that information, including personal information about you, to the United States and processes and stores it there.
Your consent to this Policy and provision of such information represents your agreement to that transfer, process and storage.
Information Choices and Changes.
Our marketing emails tell you how to "opt-out".
If you opt out, we may still send you non-marketing emails.
Non-marketing emails include emails about your accounts and our business dealings with you.
You may send requests about personal information to our Contact Information below.
You can request to change contact choices, opt-out of our sharing with others, and update your personal information.
You can typically remove and reject cookies from our Sites with your browser settings.
Many browsers are set to accept cookies until you change your settings.
If you remove or reject our cookies, it could affect how the Sites work for you.
Contact Information.
We welcome your comments or questions about this Policy.
You may also contact us at.
Tachyus Corporation						2120 University Ave.
4th Floor						Berkeley, CA 94704.
Changes to This Privacy Policy.
We may change this Policy.
If we make any changes, we will change the Last Updated date above and post the updated Policy on .
©2020 Tachyus.
All rights reserved.
Company.
Solutions.
Contact.
©2020 Tachyus.
All rights reserved.
