Facebook.
Twitter.
RSS.
Facebook.
Twitter.
RSS.
M2M One Customers.
M2M One AU SIM Portal.
M2M One Global SIM Portal.
Pay My Bill.
M2M Support.
M2M SIM Orders.
ServicesM2M SIM CardsM2M Data PlansM2M One Control CentreM2M One VPNNB IoT SIM Cards and PlansM2M One Global SIMM2M One Developers KitM2M One Managed FailoverLift & Elevator SIMS.
M2M SIM Cards.
M2M Data Plans.
M2M One Control Centre.
M2M One VPN.
NB IoT SIM Cards and Plans.
M2M One Global SIM.
M2M One Developers Kit.
M2M One Managed Failover.
Lift & Elevator SIMS.
PricingBrochureAustralian Price ListNB-IoT Price ListM2M One Failover Price SheetGlobal SIM Price List.
Brochure.
Australian Price List.
NB-IoT Price List.
M2M One Failover Price Sheet.
Global SIM Price List.
Devices.
FAQ.
Partner Program.
News and Events.
Blog.
Contact Us.
Get Connected.
M2M One Privacy Policy.
1.
Privacy Policy Statement.
M2M One is committed to protecting your privacy, keeping your information safe and ensuring the security of your data.
This policy outlines our ongoing obligations to you in respect of how we manage your Personal Information.
This extends to both our control and processing of personal information.
We have adopted the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (the Privacy Act).
The National Privacy Principles (NPPs) govern the way in which we collect, use, disclose, store, secure and dispose your Personal Information.
The current policy will be in effect from 1 July 2020.
We may need to update it over time but if we do, the updated version will be published.
2.
What information we collect and control.
The types of information we collect depends on how you use our products and services as well as the relationship we have with you as a customer.
It may include information like your name, date of birth, contact details (including address, email address, phone number or mobile telephone number), bank account and credit card details, information to prove your identity (driver’s license or another approved ID), account username or password and your use of our products and services.
We may also collect more in-depth information including.
Financial and Credit information related to your financial relationship with us, such as your financial details, payment history, credit history, and your service history.
Information about your products and services including device-specific information such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device and service identifiers, device status, serial numbers, settings, configuration and software and mobile network information.
Information about how you use your products and services such as.
Your network usage including time and duration of your communications as well as information about the operation of the equipment, services and applications you use on our networks.
How you use our services to access the internet, such as the location of your devices when you are using our products and services.
Information that allows us to identify you for verification purposes.
Technical Information about your products and services including details about our network performance including information about how you use our networks.
Some of the information collected may be sensitive information.
If we need this type of information, we’ll ask you for information in accordance with applicable law.
You might also need to provide personal information about other individuals to us (e.
g.
about your authorised representative).
If so, we rely on you to have informed those individuals that you are giving their personal information to us and to have advised them about this statement.
It is important to be aware that if you access another party’s website or application using one of our products, that other party will deal with your personal information in accordance with its own privacy policy.
3.
How do we collect your information.
We collect personal information in the following ways.
We collect information directly from you when you.
Or your representative interacts with either us or one of our trusted partners.
This might happen when you are setting up an account with us or using one of our products or services.
Order and/or register for a product or a service.
Interact with technical support and sales teams.
Use our website or social media sites.
Share information with us via forms, for example when you register for our trainings, events and newsletters.
Apply for a job with us.
We may also collect information about you.
From external sources like credit reports and marketing mailing lists.
Commercially available information.
This can also include information gained from our partners, these partners include our business and commercial partners, and other affiliates.
4.
How do we store your information.
We take all reasonable steps to securely store your information using a combination of technical solutions, security controls and internal processes to protect information and our network from unauthorised use, modification, access and disclosure.
We may store your information in hard copy or electronic format and keep it in storage facilities that we own and operate ourselves.
We endeavour to ensure that information is kept as current as possible and that irrelevant data is deleted or made anonymous as soon as reasonably practicable.
However, some information may be retained for varying time periods in order to comply with legal and regulatory obligations and for other legitimate business reasons.
5.
How do we use your information.
We may use your personal information in the ways as outlined below.
To help us properly manage the products and services we provide to you.
We also use your information for charging and billing and to identify potential breaches of our terms and conditions of service.
Communicate with you in order to provide you with our products, upgrades and services via email, SMS and social media.
Processing orders and applications and to enroll you as our customer.
Verifying identity, carrying out credit checks and reporting.
Generating bills, managing account, and carrying out debt-recovery.
Development of our products and services.
Communicate to you about all our products, services and offers that are relevant and are of interest to you.
We may use the information we hold to market and promote them directly to you.
Identifying your location so we can send you emergency alerts.
Protecting our network and managing the data use and other uses of our network.
6.
When do we share your information.
We do not sell any information.
We may share your information with other parties who provide services to us, including partners and contractors that assist us with providing our business processes and products and services.
These services include.
Providing, managing or administering your product or service including customer enquiries and support services.
Installation, maintenance and repair services.
Mailing operations, billing and debt-recovery functions.
Information technology and network services.
Development, analysis and business intelligence functions.
Your authorised representatives or legal advisers.
Third parties when you ask us to do so or when you consent to that disclosure for the purposes of preventing or investigation fraud, crime or misconduct relating to your account or services.
Credit providers or credit-reporting agencies for identity checking and credit related purposes such as credit-worthiness, credit rating, default listing, credit provision and financing under privacy act and credit reporting legislation.
Our dealers, business or commercial partners, legal advisers and other businesses we work with.
The manager of the Integrated Public Number Database (IPND), and other organisations as required or authorised by law (please see  for more information).
Law enforcement and national security agencies, and other government and regulatory authorities as required or authorised by law.
For the purposes of facilitating or implementing a transfer/ sale of all or part of our assets or business.
7.
How can you access or correct your information.
To ensure that we are able to provide you with the best products and services possible, it’s important that you make sure the information we hold about you is accurate, up-to-date and complete.
If any of your details change you may contact us using the contact details below.
You also have the right to request a copy of your information that we hold about you.
There is no charge to submit a request or to correct information, however we may apply an administrative charge for providing access to your information on request.
To make this request email us at.
.
8.
How can you make a privacy complaint.
You can also use our contact details to notify us of any privacy complaint you have against us.
If you believe your privacy has been compromised, please contact us.
We are committed to acknowledging your complaint in a prompt manner and will give you an estimated timeframe on the response to the complaint.
While we hope that we will be able to resolve any complaints you may have without needing to involve third parties, you may also be able to lodge a complaint with a relevant regulator such as the Australian Information Commissioner or the Telecommunications Industry Ombudsman.
9.
How can you contact us.
If you have any questions in relation to this Privacy Statement, our management of your information or you would like a copy of this statement sent to you, please call us on (03) 9696 3011 or email us at The office hours are Monday-Friday 8 am-5 pm EST.
Contact Details.
Email.
.
Phone.
(03) 9696 3011.
M2M One Terms of Use.
M2M One Standard Form of Agreement.
M2M One Privacy Policy.
M2M Promotion Terms and Conditions.
M2M One Referral Agreement.
Facebook.
Twitter.
RSS.
Copyright © 2021 M2M One | Simplifying M2M.
Subscribe To Our Newsletter.
Join our mailing list to receive the latest news from M2M One.
You have Successfully Subscribed.
Facebook.
Twitter.
Google+.
LinkedIn.
