About usOverviewOur LeadershipMilestonesSubsidiariesCorporate Social ResponsibilityEthics and Compliance.
Overview.
Our Leadership.
Milestones.
Subsidiaries.
Corporate Social Responsibility.
Ethics and Compliance.
Sectors Power- Hydro Power- Nuclear PowerInfrastructureResources - Mining & MetalsResources - Hydrocarbons & Chemicals.
Power.
- Hydro Power.
- Nuclear Power.
Infrastructure.
Resources - Mining & Metals.
Resources - Hydrocarbons & Chemicals.
services Design & EngineeringProject ManagementProcurement Management ServicesDigital and Advanced Technologies- Digital Point Solutions by TCE.
Design & Engineering.
Project Management.
Procurement Management Services.
Digital and Advanced Technologies.
- Digital Point Solutions by TCE.
energy transition.
projects.
insightsWhite PapersTechnical PublicationsCase StudiesTechSpeak.
White Papers.
Technical Publications.
Case Studies.
TechSpeak.
mediaPress ReleasesMedia KitNewsAnnual ReportsBrochureVideosPublications.
Press Releases.
Media Kit.
News.
Annual Reports.
Brochure.
Videos.
Publications.
peopleJoin TCELife TCEDiversity & InclusionCareers.
Join TCE.
Life TCE.
Diversity & Inclusion.
Careers.
Contact Us.
Home.
Privacy and Cookie Policy.
Privacy and Cookie Policy.
Introduction.
Thank you for visiting our website.
We, at TATA Consulting Engineers Limited, understand that your privacy is important and respect and value your privacy and will only collect and use your personal data in the manner and for the purpose as described in this policy.
In this policy, the term “Privacy” is defined as the person’s right to control access to his or her personal data/information.
“Personal Data” is defined as “any information relating to an identified or identifiable person”.
Personal Data are, in simple terms, all types of information about a person based on which he/she can (directly or indirectly) be identified.
Personal data not only cover the obvious personal information, such as name and contact details including online identity, but it also covers less obvious personal information such as religious, political beliefs, health and genetic or biometric data.
Personal data we collect.
We may collect or process some or all the following personal data.
Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website are collected automatically which includes your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths.
Email Address while communicating with us for any enquiry or interesting topic about us.
Any other personal data that you choose to send to us over email.
Before you disclose to us the personal data of another person, you must obtain that person's consent to both the disclosure and the processing of that personal data in accordance with this policy.
Purpose And Use Of Personal Data Collected.
We will only use the personal data described above for the following purposes.
Administer and Manage our website using web analytics.
Personalize our website for better use by you.
Handling the enquiries or any topic of your interest as requested by you.
Keep our website secure and available for you to use.
Publishing of your personal data will only be in accordance with your consent and/or where permitted by law.
If any kind of processing is based on your consent, we hereby inform you that you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of data processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Legal basis for processing personal data collected.
When you visit our website, the basis of processing your personal data is to pursue our legitimate interests in improving our website for better use.
When you request us with any information, the basis of processing your personal data is to take steps (respond) on your request and in case if we process any sensitive personal data, our processing will be based on your prior explicit consent.
In addition, if we process your personal data for tracking and profiling for purposes of direct marketing, behavioural advertisement, location-based advertising and/or tracking-based digital market research.
In these cases, the basis for this processing is explicit consent given by you.
We do not believe our site is appealing to children, nor it is directed to children.
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children.
If you are a parent of a child below certain age as defined by the applicable laws in individual’s country, and you believe that, your child has provided us with information about him or herself, please contact us (see 'Contact Us' section at the end of the page).
Retention of personal data.
We will store your personal data till the purposes for which we process them (we refer to the purposes as listed above in this policy) are met, Or where we are legally obliged to do so by the law, Or where this is necessary for defending our interests in the context of judicial proceedings, Or establish, exercise Or defend our legal rights.
Now since these needs can vary for different data types and purposes, the actual retention period may vary significantly.
Security of personal data.
We will implement the necessary administrative, technical and organizational measures for ensuring a level of security appropriate to the specific risks that we have identified.
We protect your personal data against destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of or access to personal data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however, therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
At the same time, we encourage you to use caution when disclosing personal data online.
More specifically, we have taken the measures to protect your personal data on our secure servers – restricted access, firewall protected, etc.
If you have any questions about security on our website, please contact us (see 'Contact Us' section at the end of the page).
Disclosing personal data.
We may disclose your personal data to our employees, our subsidiaries, our vendors, our affiliates, as necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above in this policy.
But while sharing your personal data to the vendors, we will ensure that reasonable organizational and technical measures are in place at the vendor’s or associate’s place to safeguard your personal data.
We may also disclose your personal data where we are legally obliged to do so by the law, or where this is necessary for defending our interests in the context of judicial proceedings, or to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.
We may also transfer personal data in the event of the sale or transfer of all or any part of our business.
International transfer of personal data.
We may store, process and transfer the personal data within any of the countries in which we operate to fulfil the purposes as mentioned above in this policy.
Our Privacy policy and the practices are designed to provide consistent level of protection to the personal data across our offices globally.
In case of your personal data being shared with our vendors and associates based out in the countries where we operate, we will ensure that reasonable organizational and technical measures are in place at the vendor’s or associate’s place to safeguard your personal data.
Links to other websites.
In addition to the links to the websites hosted by us, our website may include hyperlinks to, and details of, third parties’ websites, which also includes pages or channels providing information about our organization on the social media websites like facebook, twitter, linkedin, youtube.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each website that collects personal data.
Cookies we use.
Cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored on the user’s computer by the user’s web browser while the user is browsing.
These cookies can be used to make your website experience more efficient.
These cookies are stored only on your device if they are necessary for the operation of the website.
Purpose of using cookies.
The prime purpose of using cookies is to enrich your experience using our website.
The other purpose of using cookies are as follows.
Preferences/Personalization.
The cookies used to store your preferences while viewing our website so to give you much personalized experience.
Performance.
The cookies used allows to optimize and better the response and experience to you by capturing data about how you interact with our website, the pages visited by you, the time spent by you on our website to enable us to report on campaign performance.
Analytics.
The cookies used to analyse, evaluate and monitor the performance of our website.
Some of the cookies we commonly used are listed below.
This list is not exhaustive, but it is intended to illustrate the main reasons we typically use cookies.
Third party cookies.
We commonly use the third-party cookies from Google Analytics and AddThis which collects the data from you to gain insights and improve the performance and functionality of our website or for marketing purpose.
To understand further How Google Analytics collects and use the information collected, Click here.
You can opt out of having cookies placed by the Google Analytics by installing Google Analytics Opt-out Add On available from the Google website for your browser.
For more information on the Google Analytics Opt-out Add On and its usage click here.
To understand further How AddThis uses the information collected and the different opt-out options available, Click here.
Manage and/delete cookies.
Most of the internet browsers offer the option to manage the cookies that are installed on your devices through their setting preference.
In case you do not wish that this website stores cookies on your device, you may limit or delete this these easily by adjusting your device browser’s settings.
In addition, you can set your device or browser settings in such a way that you get a notification every time you receive a cookie on your device, so that you can decide whether you wish to accept this cookie or not.
Please note that when you disable or delete certain cookies of which we are making use, there is a possibility that certain parts of our website will no longer function properly, and you will no longer enjoy an optimal user experience.
We suggest and encourage you to set the required settings as per your wish and preferences.
Your rights.
In accordance to the applicable data protection laws, you have the right to.
receive additional information regarding the processing of your personal data.
rectify your personal data if it is incorrect.
in certain cases, to have the erasure of your some or all personal data.
in certain cases, and on grounds relating to your situation, to object to (part of) the processing of your personal data.
in certain cases, to restrict of or (part of) the processing of your personal data.
and.
data portability (receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to (have) transmit(ted) your personal data to another organization).
to lodge a complaint to the local data protection authority.
in certain cases, not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
Some of the cookies we commonly used are listed below.
This list is not exhaustive, but it is intended to illustrate the main reasons we typically use cookies.
Changes to this privacy policy.
We encourage you to carefully read this Privacy Policy.
From time to time, we may need to update this Privacy Policy.
This may be necessary, for example, if the law changes or if we change our business in a way that affects the way we process your personal data.
If this Privacy Policy will materially and/or substantially change, we will actively inform you of this change at our website, or by email or by other communication means.
Complaints.
You have the right to lodge a complaint at any time to the data protection authority in the country where you usually reside, your country of work or country of infringement.
However, we would appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the data protection authority, so please contact us (see 'Contact Us' section at the end of the page) in the first instance.
Complaints.
If you have questions about this privacy notice document or our handling of your personal data or want to exercise your data rights, please contact our Privacy Team at or write to the following address.
Tata Consulting Engineers Limited.
Chief Privacy Officer					 Unit no NB 1502 & SB 1501, 15th floor,					 Empire Tower, Cloud City Campus,					 Thane-Belapur Road,					 Airoli, Navi Mumbai – 400 708					 Maharashtra, India.
About us.
Overview.
Our Leadership.
Milestones.
Subsidiaries.
Corporate Social Responsibility.
Ethics and Compliance.
Sectors.
Power.
- Hydro Power.
- Nuclear Power.
Infrastructure.
Resources - Mining & Metallurgy.
Resources - Hydrocarbons & Chemicals.
Services.
Design & Engineering.
Project Management.
Procurement Management Services.
Digital and Advanced Technologies.
- Digital Point Solutions by TCE.
Energy Transition.
Projects.
Insights.
White Papers.
Technical Publications.
Case Studies.
TechSpeak.
Media.
Press Releases.
Media Kit.
News.
Annual Reports.
Brochure.
Videos.
Inhouse Magazine.
People.
Join TCE.
Life TCE.
Diversity & Inclusion.
Careers.
Contact Us.
Follow us on.
