Product DevelopmentPreliminary design for StartUps IoT Product Development Mobile app development Embedded Software | Firmware Development Smart & IoT Sensors Smart & IoT meters Gateway design & development CAN bus tools Industrial IoT device design & development.
Preliminary design for StartUps.
IoT Product Development.
Mobile app development.
Embedded Software | Firmware Development.
Smart & IoT Sensors.
Smart & IoT meters.
Gateway design & development.
CAN bus tools.
Industrial IoT device design & development.
Cloud AppRemote Generator Monitoring Remote Water Meter.
Remote Generator Monitoring.
Remote Water Meter.
TechnologiesIoT Burger™ technology S7 Wireless Telematics Technology S6 Technology.
IoT Burger™ technology.
S7 Wireless Telematics Technology.
S6 Technology.
Competences.
About us.
Blog.
Contacts.
Privacy Policy Notice.
Personal data privacy policy.
Technoton Engineering  is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
Your personal data will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy (Policy).
Technoton Engineering reserves the right to modify the current Policy without any notice.
The up-to-date version of the Policy can be found at Technoton Engineering website .
In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have implemented generally accepted standards of technology and operational security in order to protect personal data from loss, misuse or unauthorised alteration or destruction.
Technoton Engineering is processing the personal data in order to.
provide the possibility to use website.
provide marketing information, including info messages with Technoton Engineering news, promotions and special offers.
reply to your requests and claims.
comply with legal requirements.
Technoton Engineering is processing your personal data.
based on your consent, in order to perform a contract, to comply with legal obligations, to protect legitimate interests.
To accomplish the above mentioned purposes we need your personal data, including.
surname and name.
contact details (address, telephone, e-mail), including place of employment data.
data that is processed when using a website and other digital media, including IP address, browser type, operating system, referring website.
Technoton Engineering also collects data using cookies and similar technologies during website session.
social networks data.
Depending on the social network parameters, Technoton Engineering can receive data from your social network provider.
access to the profile, including contact information, interests and contacts.
More detailed information about personal data that Technoton Engineering receives from the social network provider, as well as parameters settings, can be found in social network provider’s privacy policy.
additional data that you provide to Technoton Engineering, including interests and preferences, comments, information obtained from your completed questionnaires and applications.
other data that is not specified in this Policy.
To process such personal data, the airline may request your additional consent.
We transfer your personal data to partner airlines, airports and other service providers, agents and sub-suppliers for performing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf, as well as to government authorities in accordance with the law.
We will store your personal data until the processing goals are reached, taking into account the terms established by law.
Sources and methods of receiving personal data.
Technoton Engineering website.
cooperation with Technoton Engineering via website, e-mail, telephone and social networks, messengers, including requests to the airline, claims, subscriptions to letters or notifications, participation in the questionnaires.
government authorities and law enforcement.
You are entitled to.
get the confirmation of the fact of Personal Data processing, and in case of confirmation of the fact of processing, – obtain access to your Personal Data.
eliminate inaccuracies in your Personal Data.
terminate processing of your Personal Data.
erase your Personal Data.
receive the Personal Data provided to us, and to transfer them unimpeded  to another personal data operator.
object to any decision essentially affecting you, taken on the basis of an exceptionally automated processing.
In case you have questions concerning processing of Personal Data please contact Technoton  Engineering –at the following address.
Minsk district, Novodvorski v/c 40/2 S.
UNION Business Center.
Belarus, 223060 or by e-mail.
.
Use of cookies.
A “cookie” is a small text file that a web server sends to your browser when you visit a website.
Cookies do not represent a threat to your computer because they are text and not programs that are run.
We use cookies to track the preferences of our website’s visitors and to optimize it to better meet the needs of our customers.
You can change the settings of your browser in such a way that you are required to confirm the consent each time before cookies are used, or completely prohibit their storage.
Links to other websites.
Our website may contain links to other websites.
However, once you use these links to leave our website, you should notice that we do not have any control over another website.
Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and confidentiality of any data you provide when you visit such websites, and such websites are not governed by this privacy policy.
You must exercise caution and review the privacy policy applicable to the website in question.
You can contact responsible person for the protection of personal data at.
.
Find us on.
Please leave your phone number and we`ll call you ASAP.
Thanks for your interest.
We`ll call You back ASAP.
