Solutions.
Clients.
About.
Partnership.
RessourcesAcademyROI calculatorOEE & TEEPBlog.
Academy.
ROI calculator.
OEE & TEEP.
Blog.
EnglishFrançaisDeutsch.
Français.
Deutsch.
Regulations on the Protection of Personal Data.
There are currently various documents covering data protection in place at the national, international, and European levels.
The main ones are the following.
Law no.
78-17 of 6 January 1978 on data processing, files, and freedoms.
Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, repealed on 25 May 2018 by Regulation (EU) 2016/679.
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation).
Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union (2012/C 326/02).
Convention for the protection of individuals with regard to the automated processing of personal data.
TEEPTRAK undertakes to abide by its obligations in accordance with the aforementioned regulations, in particular, the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR).
We strongly encourage all of our clients to be particularly vigilant on these compliance aspects.
Other more specific regulations may also exist, in particular for certain categories of personal data.
It is the client’s responsibility to properly identify the regulations applicable to their activities, in order to comply with them.
Data Protection Officer (DPO).
a player in the daily service of data protection.
Francois Coulloudon is the DPO of TEEPTRAK.
The DPO has the resources to carry out their role.
They advise the operational staff and managers of the company, in compliance with the obligations and good practices that TEEPTRAK must implement with regard to the protection of personal data.
In practice, they regularly raise awareness and train the group’s employees, responding to their requests regarding the protection and processing of personal data.
They are also the point of contact for all customers and users wishing to have appropriate guarantees regarding the measures implemented to ensure their compliance with the regulations, including the GDPR.
The DPO can be contacted regarding data protection and privacy at any time using this email address.
.
GDPR.
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is the legal framework for the processing of personal data in Europe, as of 25 May 2018.
Unlike Directive 95/46/EC, which previously governed these treatments, the GDPR is directly applicable in the Union and does not require national transpositions.
As such, it will promote the harmonization of legal regimes on the protection of personal data in Europe.
Better still, the GDPR has an extraterritoriality principle, which allows, in certain circumstances, to extend its scope beyond Euopean borders.
If you are a structure dealing with personal data, there is a good chance that you will be subject to the provision of the GDPR.
In this regard, you are subject to obligations that you must comply with.
The same applies to TEEPTRAK, which, in view of its situation, will have seperate obligations.
as a subcontractor or controller.
Definitions.
Understanding the real, specific issues at stake in European regulations is not always an easy task, especially when it  contains 99 articles, 173 recitals and numerous guidelines used to clarify its interpretation.
However, this is essential in order to avoid any risk that may result from an overly broad or imprecise interpretation of the regulatory obligations of your structure.
A proper understanding of the terms defined below is therefore essential.
Personal data.
any information relating to an identified or identifiable real person.
An identifiable real person is defined as any real person who can be directly or indirectly identified.
Processing.
any operation or set of operations carried out or not carried out using automated processes and applied to personal data or data sets (collection, registration, transmission, storage, preservation, retrieval, consultation, use, interconnection, etc).
Controller.
the natural or legal person, public authority, department or other body that alone or jointly determines the purposes and means of the processing.
Subcontractor.
the natural or legal person, public authority, department or other body that processes personal data on behalf of the controller.
TEEPTRAK as a subcontractor.
It is certainly in this capacity that your expectations are the most important.
Teeptrak is qualified as a “subcontractor” when it processes personal data on behalf of a controller.
This is typically the case when you use the TEEPTRAK services and store personal data on a TEEPTRAK infrastructure.
Within the limits of its technical constraints, TEEPTRAK may process any data stored solely in accordance with your instructions, and on your behalf.
User data on our infrastructures.
As part of the use of our Internet platforms (in particular  it is possible that personal data (names, reporting emails, equipment operators tracked) may be stored.
It is possible to contact the TEEPTRAK DPO at any time to know the nature of the recorded information.
We undertake to support to controller (i.
e the user company) in the proper management of personal data.
TEEPTRAK’s commitments as a subcontractor.
As a subcontractor, TEEPTRAK undertakes in particular to implement the following actions.
To process personal data for the sole purpose of the proper performance of the services.
TEEPTRAK will never process your information for other purposes (marketing, etc.
).
To not transfer your data outside the EU or outside the countries recognized by the European Commission as having a sufficient level of protection.
provided that you do not select an infrastructure in a geographical area outside the EU (for example our infrastructure in China).
To inform you of any use of subcontractors who may process your personal data.
to date, no service involving access to the content stored by you as part of the services is outsourced outside the TEEPTRAK group.
To implement high security standards in order to provide a high level of security to our services.
To notify you as soon as possible in case of data breach.
FAQ.
Who owns the personal data used and stored by the customer as part of the services.
The data hosted by the client as part of the TEEPTRAK services remain the property of the client.
TEEPTRAK will only access this data when necessary in the context of the execution of the services and within the limits of its technical constraints and will never use them except to, in a completely anonymous manner, calculate the impact on the performance of it systems over time.
TEEPTRAK prohibits any resale of said data, as well as any use for personal purposes (such as data mining, profiling, or direct market activites).
TEEPTRAK as a data controller.
TEEPTRAK is qualified as a “controller” when it determines the purposes and means of “its” processing of personal data.
This is typically the case when TEEPTRAK collects data for invoicing, collection management, service quality and performance improvement, commercial canvassing, commercial management, etc.
But also whne TEEPTRAK processes the personal data of its own employees.
In this case, ‘your’ data – the data which you store on TEEPTRAK’s infrastructures (such as  – is not affected.
On the other hand, certain information concerning you or relating to your employees (identity and contact details of the TEEPTRAK contact person in the context of a request for technical assistance, for example) may be.
This is why TEEPRAK would like to give you some insight into the safeguards implemented to ensure the protection of this personal data.
To process personal data for the sole purpose of the proper performance of the services.
TEEPTRAK will never process your information for other purposes (marketing, etc.
).
To not transfer your data outside the EU or outside the countries recognized by the European Commission as having a sufficient level of protection.
provided that you do not select an infrastructure in a geographical area outside the EU (for example our infrastructure in China).
To inform you of any use of subcontractors who may process your personal data.
to date, no service involving access to the content stored by you as part of the services is outsourced outside the TEEPTRAK group.
To implement high security standards in order to provide a high level of security to our services.
To notify you as soon as possible in case of data breach.
Data security.
As part of its services, TEEPTRAK implements a set of techniques and procedures to gaurantee data security.
Here is some information regarding implemented safety measures.
Data encryption.
All data transmitted from the tablet uses a 256-bit GeoTrust SSL certificate by HTTPS protocol.
Unsecured traffic (HTTP) is automatically redirected to the encypted protocol (HTTPS).
Each tablet connected to the system is identified by UDID  (Unique Device Identifier) and must have been authorized to communicate with our infrastructures.
Each tablet also has a dedicated security token (Token).
Passwords are encypted using the “Salt” method.
The data is stored on tablets for a maximum of one week before being deleted (and therefore only available on the platform).
All data is stored permanently on a second dedicated and physically isolated infrastructre.
Our systems are protected against the most classic attacks.
SQL injection, Cross Site Scripting (XSS), Cross-Site Request Forgery, Header injection and more.
Each of the hardware bricks can lose connectivity without any information being lost.
Everythng resynchronizes when the communcation channels are operational again.
Only a Bluetooth module defect cause a loss of information.
Our European infrastructure uses dedicated servers exclusively at OVH.
We know the physical location of the data our customers entrust to us.
More information.
.
Addresses of our Supplier• Headquarters.
2 rue Kellermann, 59100 Roubaix, France.
• Servers location.
GRA-1, Route de la Ferme Masson, 59820 Gravelines, France.
For more information and/or to access or enquiry about your personal data, you can contact TEEPTRAK’s DPO, Francois Coulloudon, at this address.
.
Subscribe to our newsletter.
Join the TEEPTRAK community and receive our articles, invitations for our events, our webinars….
Addresses.
France branchTEEPTRAK106 rue du Chemin Vert75011 Paris, France.
China branchXin An San RoadBaoan District, Shenzhen, 518052Province du Guangdong.
Contact.
Phone.
+33 6 40 63 26 73.
Email .
.
Terms of Sales.
TEEPTRAK Terms of Sales.
GDPR.
DPO email .
.
Social networks.
Recevez notre Etude de cas Agroalimentaire.
Merci pour ces informations.
Vérifiez votre email.
Recevez notre Etude de cas Automobile.
Merci pour ces informations.
Vérifiez votre email.
Recevez notre Case Study Matériaux.
Merci pour ces informations.
Vérifiez votre email.
Recevez notre Case Study Electronique.
Merci pour ces informations.
Vérifiez votre email.
Receive our Food case study.
Merci pour ces informations.
Vérifiez votre email.
Receive our Food Industry case study.
Thank you.
Please check your mailbox.
Erhalten Sie unsere Fallstudie zur Automobilindustrie.
Danke dir.
Bitte überprüfen Sie Ihre Mailbox.
Receive our Materials Industry case study.
Thank you.
Please check your mailbox.
Receive ourElectronic Industry case study.
Thank you.
Please check your mailbox.
Erhalten Sie unsere Fallstudie zur Lebensmittelindustrie.
Danke dir.
Bitte überprüfen Sie Ihre Mailbox.
Receive our automotive induustry case study.
Thank you.
Please check your mailbox.
Erhalten Sie unsere Fallstudie zur Materialindustrie.
Danke dir.
Bitte überprüfen Sie Ihre Mailbox.
Erhalten Sie unsere Fallstudie zur Elektronikindustrie.
Danke dir.
Bitte überprüfen Sie Ihre Mailbox.
了解我们的食品案例手册.
谢谢您！请查收您的邮箱。.
了解我们的汽车案例手册.
谢谢您！请查收您的邮箱。.
了解我们的材料案例手册.
谢谢您！请查收您的邮箱。.
了解我们的电子案例手册.
谢谢您！请查收您的邮箱。.
Devenez Partenaire.
Merci pour ces informations.
Vous serez contacté au plus vite.
Become a partner.
Thanks for these informations.
You will be contacted as soon as possible.
Ein Partner Werden.
Thanks for these informations.
You will be contacted as soon as possible.
成为合作伙伴.
谢谢您提供的信息。我们会尽快联系您.
Conviértete en un compañero.
Gracias por estas informaciones.
¡Nos comunicaremos con usted lo antes posible.
