Contact.
Login / Register.
Emergency.
Home.
Solutions.
Products.
Services.
Partners.
About.
Privacy Policy.
Tellabs respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it.
This Privacy Policy explains how Tellabs treats your information, correspondence, and software exchanged through a Tellabs website to best serve you.
Information Tellabs requests or collects from you.
To provide the superior services offered by a Tellabs website, Tellabs collects from you two types of information.
personally identifiable information and technology-related information.
Personally identifiable information.
This is information that identifies the person who is using a Tellabs website.
When you register for services offered by a Tellabs website, Tellabs may request personally identifiable information such as your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address.
When you make an on-line business transaction through a Tellabs website, Tellabs may request personally identifiable information such as your account number with Tellabs, credit card number or other payment account information.
Tellabs may also collect personally identifiable information that you voluntarily disclose to Tellabs through electronic correspondence, such as comments transmitted by email.
Technology-related information.
This is information related to your computer when you access a Tellabs website.
Because technology is employed in collecting this information, it is not readily apparent to you that it is being collected.
An example of technology-related information which Tellabs may collect is your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address.
An IP address is a number, uniquely identifying a computer, necessary for computer to web server communication on the Internet.
How you can view and change your personally identifiable information.
In using the Tellabs Enterprise Portal service, you can view and update your personally identifiable information by accessing the “My Profile” hotlink, under the “My Account” area in the global navigation bar.
In using other services offered by a Tellabs website, you can update your personally identifiable information by re-registering with the service with a comment instructing Tellabs to update your personally identifiable information or by requesting an update using the Contact Us form.
Services offered by a Tellabs website which require requesting information from you.
Tellabs requests information primarily to provide you with superior service.
Tellabs may need information about you in order to provide specific services, such as the following.
Product notifications.
Tellabs may use your submitted personally identifiable information to provide to you product notifications, at your request.
Business transactions.
Tellabs may use your submitted personally identifiable information, purchase-related information and related correspondence to conduct an on-line business transaction, at your request.
For example, Tellabs may also use your information to transmit to you business data such as order status, shipment status, account information and products returned.
Proposals.
Tellabs may use your submitted personally identifiable information, proposal related information and related correspondence to manage on-line proposals between you and Tellabs.
Training.
Tellabs may use your submitted personally identifiable information, training request and related correspondence to provide on-line training to you.
Software patches.
Tellabs may use your submitted personally identifiable information, software patch request and related correspondence to transmit software patches to you.
Customer service and support.
Tellabs may use your submitted personally identifiable information and correspondence with a customer service representative to provide customer service and support to you.
Tellabs secondary uses of information collected from you.
Tellabs may use information collected from you for secondary uses, such as the following.
Measure user interest in Tellabs products and services.
Tellabs may perform statistical analyses on aggregate user demographics and behavior to measure interest in the different areas of a Tellabs website or the various products or services offered by a Tellabs website.
To obtain statistics, Tellabs collects your clickstream (the record of your traversal through a Tellabs website).
Site improvement.
Upon accessing a Tellabs website, Tellabs collects information, such as the browser you are using and the screen size you are using, to improve the content of the site, make your traversal through the site more efficient and tailor the content and layout of the site to your preferences.
Administration.
Tellabs collects your computer’s IP address for the purposes of administration, such as monitoring the level of activity on a Tellabs website and diagnosing problems with Tellabs web servers.
URL prior to accessing a Tellabs website.
To enforce the Tellabs Linking Policy, Tellabs will collect the Uniform Resource Locator, or “URL,” which is the address of the web site you last visited prior to accessing a Tellabs website.
Cookies.
In a very limited manner, Tellabs uses cookies (small pieces of information Tellabs web servers transmit to your computer) to allow Tellabs web servers make your traversal through a Tellabs website more efficient.
For instance, Tellabs may use cookies to remember items selected for purchase in an on-line business transaction in order to generate a total charge for the entire transaction.
You may set a preference in your web browser to warn you every time a cookie is being sent or to turn off all cookies.
(Please refer to the help page in your web browser to set up your cookie preferences.
).
Surveys.
Tellabs may use your personally identifiable information to send you surveys regarding use of a Tellabs website and Tellabs various products and services.
Occasions where Tellabs may share your information with others.
Tellabs may share your information with others for the following reasons.
Your authorization.
Tellabs may share your personally identifiable information if you authorize Tellabs to do so.
Agents of Tellabs.
Tellabs may share your personally identifiable information, purchase-related information, training requests and correspondence with customer service with third parties who help Tellabs deliver products or services, such as a shipping company.
Those third parties include contractors, temporary employees and consultants and other companies working with Tellabs (collectively, “Agents”).
Agents are instructed to use your information to help Tellabs deliver products or services.
Companies of Tellabs.
Tellabs may share your personally identifiable information, technically related information, product notification requests, purchase-related information, training requests, software patch requests and correspondence with customer service with Tellabs Operations, Inc.
, any of its related, affiliated or subsidiary companies or its parent company.
Customer profiling.
Tellabs may match your personally identifiable information, purchase-related information, training requests and correspondence with customer service with third-party data to help Tellabs better understand its customers and for marketing purposes.
Business partners.
Tellabs may disclose aggregate user statistics of purchase-related information, training requests and technology-related information to prospective and current business partners and advertisers.
This information will not include personally identifiable information.
Business transfers.
As Tellabs continues to develop its business, Tellabs may sell or buy companies or assets.
In such transactions, personally identifiable information generally is one of the transferred business assets.
In addition, aggregate user statistics of purchase-related information, training requests and technology-related information may be disclosed to a prospective purchaser of a Tellabs company or asset.
Although unlikely, Tellabs or substantially all of its assets may be acquired.
In this instance, personally identifiable information will be one of the transferred assets.
Protection.
Tellabs may disclose your personally identifiable information and technology-related information, when Tellabs believes that such release is reasonably necessary to enforce or apply the Terms and Conditions of the Use of the Tellabs Web Sites and other agreements or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Tellabs, users or others.
Law enforcement.
Tellabs may be required by law to cooperate with government authorities and will, for example, disclose your personally identifiable information and technology-related information upon receipt of a court order or subpoena.
Tellabs security precautions to protect your information.
Tellabs has taken precautions to secure personally identifiable information you submitted.
On the Tellabs Portal, Tellabs uses industry-recognized SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology to secure your information.
Also, Tellabs web servers protect this information using password protection and encryption.
What is covered by the Tellabs Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy applies to the use of  or any other World Wide Web site owned by Tellabs Operations, Inc.
or any of its affiliated companies.
Your use of these websites or pages within these websites is also governed by the Terms and Conditions of the Tellabs Web Sites and the Tellabs Linking Policy, all of which are incorporated herein by reference.
What is not covered by the Tellabs Privacy Policy.
Links to third-party web sites.
A Tellabs website may contain links to other web sites owned or operated by third parties.
This Privacy Policy does not cover a third-party web site’s privacy, disclosure and collection policy or practices.
For example, a third-party web site may solicit you, request personally identifiable information from you and send cookies to you.
Upon clicking on a third-party web site, this Privacy Policy no longer applies.
Third-party advertisers.
This Privacy Policy does not cover a third-party advertiser’s privacy, disclosure and collection policy or practices.
For instance, a third-party advertiser may collect information about you when you click on the third-party’s banner advertisement.
Upon clicking on a third-party web advertisement, this Privacy Policy no longer applies.
Follow.
Follow.
Follow.
Follow.
Media Links.
Events.
White Papers.
Resources.
Privacy | Legal.
A Better Way to Build and Operate Networks.
Learn more at  or call +1 972.
588.
7000.
News Releases.
Corporate news releases recognizing significant achievements of Tellabs operations, products, solutions and customers.
Case Studies.
Hear directly from our customers about their successful installations, quantifiable benefits and sincere testimonials.
Events.
Up-coming conferences, seminars and webinars where Tellabs products, solutions and people will be actively participating.
Blogs & Articles.
Read these short, and regularly updated, opinion pieces covering contemporary industry and technology topics.
White Papers.
Download our non-vendor specific overviews meant to help readers understand an issue, solve a problem, or make a decision.
Videos.
Media to educate and advocate our products, technologies or services, and offer direct insight into our customer references and user case studies.
Passive Optical Networking.
Passive Optical LAN.
Software Defined Networking.
Security.
High Availability.
Operational Efficiencies.
Closet-Based Switch Replace.
Wireless.
Innovations.
Network Modernization.
911 Redundancy.
Broadband Stimulus.
Broadband DSL.
Broadband Ethernet.
Class-5 Switch Replace.
Narrowband Services.
Broadband Transport.
1/0 DCS and D4 Replace.
Industries.
Enterprise.
Education.
Government.
Healthcare.
Hospitality.
Transportation.
Service Providers.
Enterprise.
Tellabs Optical LAN is a true enterprise centric solution that offers a better means of designing and operating networks inside buildings and across extended campuses.
Broadband.
Tellabs 1000 MSAP (aka T1000, DMAX, AFC, UMC) is the industry’s only Broadband Digital Loop Carrier platform that converges legacy copper and modern fiber connectivity.
Technical Assistance Center.
Professional Services.
From small projects to migrations to full turn key services, Tellabs is here to help.
Training.
Preparation is the key to success.
Get your team ready to plan, deploy and manage your Tellabs Network.
Check our our Training Curriculum today.
Credentials.
You worked hard in Training, now it's time to show your new credentials off to the World through our Digital Credentialing Program.
Become a Partner.
The Tellabs Advantage Partner Program is designed to offer our partners exceptional opportunities to grow your business, increase revenue and gain unique solution differentiation.
Find a Partner.
For our end-customers, our Tellabs Advantage Partner Program offer best-in-breed services that match specific vertical markets and geographical regions with the end-customers exact needs in mind.
Leadership.
Meet the Tellabs leadership team that represents diverse areas of expertise, and who are committed to exceeding the expectations of our employees, partners and customers.
Careers.
Visit Tellabs’ online careers pages to see if there is a job opportunity that matches your ambitions.
We offer excellent pay, benefits and career advancement possibilities.
Contact.
Tellabs offer several easy options for contacting us.
You can connect with us today via phone, email, online forms, or through social media channels.
