Sorry, Temboo requires JavaScript.
Please enable it in your browser and try again.
Privacy Policy.
Thank you for using Temboo or visiting one of our websites.
This policy explains what information we collect when you visit one of Temboo’s websites or when you use services provided by Temboo.
It also describes how and why we collect this information, the specific ways we may use and disclose this information, and how we will protect your information.
We treat your privacy and your data extremely carefully.
The following discloses our information-gathering and dissemination practices for the website located at the URL temboo.
com and any other site provided by Temboo (collectively, the "Websites") and for the Temboo Services.
1.
Personally Identifiable Information We Collect.
A.
Information You Provide Us.
When you sign up for or use any service provided by Temboo, send us an email, consult with our customer support or sales teams, or communicate with us in any way, you are voluntarily giving us information that we collect.
This information may include your name, company, email address, phone number, mailing address, IP address, credit card information, and other details regarding yourself and your use of Temboo.
By providing us with this information, you consent to this information being collected, stored, and used by us as described in our Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy.
B.
Information We Gather from Your Use of our Websites and Services.
When you use any service provided by Temboo or visit any of our websites, we may collect information about your usage of the service, your visit to our websites, and your web browsing.
That information may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser, your web activity, and other information about you interacted with our websites or others.
We may collect this information as part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, such as pixels and web beacons.
You can control the use of cookies via your web browsers’ settings.
Visiting Temboo’s websites with your browser set to accept cookies or using our mobile applications or other software tells us you want to use our services and you consent to our use of cookies and other technologies to provide you our service.
We use cookies for a number of purposes, some of which are strictly necessary, including but not limited to remember user settings such as preferences, and for authentication.
You can control the use of certain cookies at the individual browser level or in your operating system preferences.
If you opt-out of such cookies, you may still use our services, but your ability to use some features or areas of our services may be limited.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics at  You can find out more about your rights in relation to cookies and how to control them here.
.
C.
Information from other Sources.
We may obtain information about you from third party sources, such as public databases, social media platforms, third party data providers, and our joint marketing partners.
We ensure that these third parties are legally permitted to disclose this information.
We use this information to help us provide more relevant content, product features, and services to you.
2.
How We Use Your Personal Information.
We use your information.
A.
To further our legitimate interests to.
understand our customers and potential customers and their interests in Temboo’s products and services.
to manage our relationship with you.
to carry out standard business operations like accounting and filing taxes.
and to help detect and prevent security incidents, fraud, and other misuse and abuse.
B.
To send you informational and promotional content, which you can choose not to receive by selecting the unsubscribe links in emails containing this content.
If you unsubscribe, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your Temboo account and our ongoing business relationship.
C.
To promote Temboo’s services to you and others like you.
D.
To bill and collect money from you when you purchase or subscribe to our paid services and products.
This includes sending you emails, invoices, receipts, late payment notices, and requesting up-to-date payment information.
E.
To send system and service alert messages.
This can include notices about changes to our services and products, such as new or deprecated features, releases, and usage limit warnings.
F.
To update you about your account and provide customer support.
G.
To provide, support, and improve the products and services we offer.
H.
To comply with any legal requirements, such as court orders, subpoenas, discovery requests, and lawful requests from public authorities.
I.
To transfer your information in the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, reorganization, or acquisition.
Any acquirer will be subject to our obligations under this Privacy Policy, including your rights to access and choice, and you will be notified of any such change.
3.
How Your Information May Be Shared.
In some instances we may share your information with third parties for the purposes described in this policy.
A.
In some instances we may share your information with third parties for the purposes described in this policy.
(a) We share your information with our third party service providers to help us provide and support the services and products we offer.
We ensure that these service providers use your personal information only for the provision of services to us and in manner consistent with this privacy policy.
Examples of service providers include credit card payment processors, hosting services, customer resource management systems, and customer support systems.
B.
We may partner with third party advertising networks and exchanges to manage and serve our advertising on other sites and may share your information with them for this purpose.
All third parties with which we share this information are required to use your information in a manner consistent with this privacy policy.
We and our partners may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as pixels and web beacons, to gather information about your activities on our websites and other sites in order to provide you with targeting advertising based on your browsing activities and interests.
If you don’t want to  have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here.
You can control Facebook ad preferences using Settings in your Facebook account.
Currently, we do not support Do Not Track or “DNT.
” DNT is a preference you set in your web browser to tell visited websites you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable DNT through the preferences or settings of your web browser.
C.
Our websites include links to other websites, whose privacy practices may be different from ours.
Our services provide you with the option to use API integrations to third party services, whose privacy practices may be different from ours.
If you choose to submit your information to any of those sites or to any of these third party services via our API integrations, your information is governed by their privacy policies.
We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policies and terms of service for any of these websites and third party services if you choose to or are considering choosing to submit your information to them.
4.
How We Protect Your Information.
A.
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect your information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and nature of your information.
These measures include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures (Strong password protection and in certain areas industry standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions), as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store data.
However, data transmissions over the Internet and methods of electronic storage are not 100% secure.
Consequently, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk.
B.
Our credit card processing vendor has been audited by a PCI-certified auditor and is certified to PCI Service Provider Level 1.
This is the most stringent level of certification available in the payments industry.
C.
Temboo accounts require a username or email address and password to log in and also require Temboo application keys for API access.
You must keep these credentials secure and never disclose them to a third party.
Forgotten passwords cannot be provided by us.
We will only reset them.
You can read more about Temboo’s security practices at temboo.
com/trust.
D.
If a security breach causes an unauthorized intrusion into our system that materially affects you or your account, then Temboo will notify you as soon as possible and later report the action we took in response.
5.
Compliance.
A.
Our servers and offices are located in the United States, so your information may be transferred, stored, or processed in the United States.
By using our websites and services, you understand and consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information to our facilities in the United States and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this policy.
6.
How to Access, Correct, and Delete Your Data.
A.
Upon request, we will provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your Personal Information.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as long as needed to provide you with our Services.
We may also retain and use your information in order to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent abuse, and enforce our Agreements.
B.
We will give you access to any personal information we hold about you within 30 days of any request for that information.
Individuals may request to access, correct, amend or delete information we hold about them by contacting us at Unless it is prohibited by law, we will remove any of your personal information about an individual from our servers at their request.
There is no charge for an individual to access or update their personal information.
7.
Changes to this Privacy Policy.
We, Temboo, reserve the right to revise, modify, or update this notice at any time.
We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your particular Temboo account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
8.
Contact Us.
If you have a privacy concern regarding Temboo or this privacy policy, you can email us at or by mail at.
Attention.
PrivacyTemboo, Inc.
104 Franklin St, Floor 4New York, NY 10013United States.
Effective as of May 25, 2018.
