How it works MembershipFoundations.
Membership.
Foundations.
Why Tempest.
Holistic ApproachOur ManifestoMember Reviews.
Holistic Approach.
Our Manifesto.
Member Reviews.
Blog.
Plans & Pricing.
Log In.
Sign Up.
How it worksMenu ToggleMembershipFoundations.
Membership.
Foundations.
Why Tempest.
Menu ToggleHolistic ApproachOur ManifestoMember Reviews.
Holistic Approach.
Our Manifesto.
Member Reviews.
Blog.
Plans & Pricing.
Log In.
Sign Up.
Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy sets forth how and when Tempest, Inc.
(“we”, “us”, or “our”) use, share, and protect your information when you use our websites located at jointempest.
com (collectively, the “Website”) and any of our programs, products or services (collectively with the Website, the “Tempest Offerings”).
By using, registering for, or purchasing any Tempest Offerings, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information in accordance with this Policy.
This Policy is incorporated by reference and subject to the provisions of our Terms of Use.
We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a revised Privacy Policy on the Website and updating the effective date.
By continuing to use any Tempest Offerings after we post any such updates, you accept the Privacy Policy as modified.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
Should we ask you to provide personally identifiable information when using the Tempest Offerings, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We will never sell, barter, or rent your email address to any unauthorized third party.
EDUCATIONAL AND INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY.
The information contained in the Tempest Offerings is for educational and informational purposes only, and is made available to you as self-help tools for your own personal use.
It is not a substitute for professional medical, psychotherapy, or counseling advice.
You acknowledge that we are not health professionals nor trained to provide psychotherapy or any medical care, and that we are not holding ourselves out as such.
Do not provide us with protected health information “PHI.
”.
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS.
A new European Union law, called the General Data Protection Regulation or “GDPR” gives certain rights to individuals in relation to their personal data.
Accordingly, we have implemented additional transparency and opt-in opportunities to help users take advantage of those rights.
As available and except as limited under applicable law, the rights afforded to individuals are.
Right of Access – the right to be informed of and request access to the personal data we process about you.
Right to Rectification – the right to request that we amend or update your personal data where it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to Erasure – the right to request that we delete your personal data.
Right to Restrict – the right to request that we temporarily or permanently stop processing all or some of your personal data.
Right to Object –the right, at any time, to object to us processing your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation.
the right to object to your personal data being processed for direct marketing purposes.
the right, at any time, to object to us processing your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation.
the right to object to your personal data being processed for direct marketing purposes.
Right to Data Portability – the right to request a copy of your personal data in electronic format and the right to transmit that personal data for use in another party’s service.
and.
Right not to be subject to Automated Decision-making – the right to not be subject to a decision based solely on automated decision making, including profiling, where the decision would have a legal effect on you or produce a similarly significant effect.
If we send you electronic marketing messages based on your consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law, you may, at any time, respectively withdraw such consent or declare your objection (“opt-out”) at no cost.
The electronic marketing messages you receive from Tempest (e.
g.
those sent via email) also will include an opt-out mechanism within the message itself (e.
g.
an unsubscribe link in the emails we send to you).
If you have any questions about your privacy, your rights, or how to implement any of the above send us a request at .
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND HOW.
We collect information from you when you register on the Website, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, contact us via email, respond to a survey or fill out a form on the Website.
When ordering or registering on the Website, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your.
name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.
You may, however, visit the Website anonymously.
Through your use of Tempest Membership, when you register for the Tempest program you will be asked to opt-in to a series of surveys.
Data collected in the surveys includes.
Tracking the efficacy of Tempest on substance use.
The impact of the program on mental health.
The impact of the program on other process addictions.
The impact of the program on life satisfaction.
Additionally, we collect data to measure student engagement in the online community and with our online curriculum, platform, and events.
Data collected includes.
Attendance to live events (e.
g.
, Q&As, support group calls).
Engagement level in live events (e.
g.
, Q&As, support group calls).
Engagement level in community forum.
Engagement with online platforms and curriculum including but not limited to course enrollments, course completion, last logged in, and time spent on platform.
The Tempest Offerings contain interactive functionality that allows you to post comments, or to upload photographs and other content (your “User Content”), and otherwise to interact with other users.
If you use any interactive functionality that requests or permits you to provide us with personal information (including, for example, any services that allow you to post User Content), we collect the information that you provide to us in the course of using these interactive features.
You should be aware that any information you provide in email exchanges, social media groups or similarly non-private environments may be read, collected, and used by others who access these areas.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information you may provide to us or that we may collect offline and/or through other means (for example, at a live event, via telephone, or through the mail).
WHAT DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR.
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways.
To provide the Tempest Offerings and information that you request.
To personalize your experience.
Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve the Tempest Offerings.
We continually strive to improve our offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
We also use your information to prevent fraudulent use of our offerings, and to prevent or take action against activities that are, or may be, in violation of our Terms of Use or applicable law.
To improve customer service.
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
We or our business partners may conduct or sponsor special contests, sweepstakes, and other promotions that our users may enter or otherwise participate in.
Certain of these promotions may be co-branded.
In these instances, the collection of your personal information may occur directly by the third-party partner on its website or other online service and may be shared with us.
The promotion will state the privacy policy or policies governing the collection of such personal information.
To send periodic emails.
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you administrative information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
from us.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
To measure the success of the Tempest program.
Tempest is dedicated to tracking the results and efficacy of the program and is partnering with Buffalo School of Medicine to determine the Outcomes of our program.
The data collected in the surveys you can choose to opt into will be used in this study.
Also the engagement and participation data from the course will be used to determine how the community impacts your progress in the program.
DO WE DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION TO OUTSIDE PARTIES.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personal information.
This does not include trusted third party service providers who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also disclose personal information when we believe doing so is necessary to comply with the law, enforce our Terms of Use, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, safety, or security.
Information about our users, including personal information, may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to an acquirer, or successor or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of company assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which personal information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION.
We implement a variety of reasonable security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
For example, we offer the use of a secure server.
All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway provider’s database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
Please be aware, however, that no data security measures can be guaranteed to be completely effective.
Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you provide to us.
You transmit information to us at your own risk, and you are responsible for all personal information you submit to us.
PASSIVE INFORMATION COLLECTION.
When you visit our Website or use Tempest Offerings, some information is collected automatically.
For example, when you access our Website, we automatically collect certain information, which may include your browser’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type, the type of device from which you are visiting the Website, the identifier for any handheld or mobile device that you may be using, the website that you visited immediately prior, the actions you take on our Website, and the content, features, and activities that you access and participate in on our Website.
We also may collect information regarding your interaction with e-mail messages, such as whether you opened, clicked on, or forwarded a message.
We may collect this information passively using technologies such as standard server logs, cookies, and clear GIFs (also known as “web beacons”).
We use passively-collected information to administer, operate, and improve the Website and our other Tempest Offerings, and to provide content that is tailored to you.
If we link or associate any information gathered through passive means with personal information, or if applicable laws require us to treat any information gathered through passive means as personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information under this Policy.
Otherwise, we use and disclose information collected by passive means in aggregate form or otherwise in a non-personally identifiable form.
THIRD PARTY LINKS.
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may link to third party websites on our Website or in the Tempest Offerings.
These third party websites have separate and independent privacy policies and may set cookies on your hard drive or use other means of passively collecting information about your use of their services or content.
We do not have access to, or control over, these third-party means of passive data collection and have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Website and welcome any feedback about these third party websites.
INTERNATIONAL VISITORS.
Our servers and data centers are located in the United States.
If you choose to use any Tempest Offerings from outside the United States, then you should know that you are transferring your personal information outside of your region and into the United States.
for storage and processing.
By providing your personal information to us through your use of any Tempest Offerings, you agree to the transfer, storage, and processing of your data in the United States.
Also, we may transfer your data from the United States to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Tempest Offerings.
You should know that each region can have its own privacy and data security laws, some of which may be less stringent as compared to those of your own region.
QUESTIONS.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at .
Last Updated.
March 31, 2021.
This website and its content is copyright of Tempest, Inc.
– © Tempest, Inc.
2021.
All rights reserved.
Sign up for helpful tips, free resources, and more.
About Us.
Clinical advisors.
Press.
Reviews.
FAQs.
Legal.
Disclaimer.
Terms of Use.
Accessibility.
Privacy Policy.
Connect.
Contact.
Pinterest.
Facebook.
Instagram.
Press.
