Audiobooks.
Podcast.
About Ads.
AboutAbout.
Teraki Privacy Policy.
Effective as of 25-06-2021.
Thank you for using Teraki.
We really appreciate it.
Introduction.
All Rights Technologies PLC built the Teraki as a mobile application.
This SERVICE is provided by All RIghts Technologies PLC and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy.
The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Policy sets out the essential details relating to your personal data relationship with All Rights Technologies PLC.
The Policy applies to all Teraki services and any associated services (referred to as the ‘Teraki Service’).
The terms governing your use of the Teraki Service are defined in our Terms and Conditions of Use (the “Terms and Conditions of Use”).
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Teraki unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use.
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information.
The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app.
Google Play Services.
Log Data.
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data.
This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers.
These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly.
However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services.
You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device.
If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Personal data we collect from you.
We have set out a list below the categories of personal data we collect and use about you and how we collect it.
The list below describes personal data collected when you sign up for the Teraki Service.
User Data.
This is the personal data that is provided by you or collected by us to enable you to sign up for and use the Teraki Service.
This may include your Full Name, username, email address, phone number, birth date, gender, street address, and country.
Some of the personal data we will ask you to provide is required in order to create your account.
You also have the option to provide us with additional personal data in order to make your account more personalized.
Usage Data.
This is the personal data that is collected about you when you’re accessing and/or using the Teraki Service, including.
Information about your interactions with the Teraki Service such as your search queries (including the date and time of any requests you make), streaming history, playlists you create, your library, your browsing history, and your interactions with the Teraki Service, content, other Teraki users.
This also may include details of your use of third party applications in connection with the Teraki Service.
Inferences drawn about your interests and preferences based on your usage of the Teraki Service.
User Content (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of Use) you post to Teraki, such as reviews and ratings, and interactions with the Teraki Customer Service team.
Please note that we will only access your camera or photos from your device if you give us permission to do so, and we will only access images that you specifically choose to share with us and metadata related to those images, such as the type of file and the size of the image.
We will never scan or import your device’s photo library or camera roll.
Certain technical data, which may include.
URL information.
online identifiers including cookie data and IP addresses.
information about the types of devices you are using such as unique device IDs, network connection type (e.
g.
wifi, 3G, LTE, Bluetooth), provider, network and device performance, browser type, language, information enabling digital rights management, operating system, and Teraki application version.
device attributes of devices on your wifi network that are available to connect to the Teraki Service (such as speakers).
URL information.
online identifiers including cookie data and IP addresses.
information about the types of devices you are using such as unique device IDs, network connection type (e.
g.
wifi, 3G, LTE, Bluetooth), provider, network and device performance, browser type, language, information enabling digital rights management, operating system, and Teraki application version.
device attributes of devices on your wifi network that are available to connect to the Teraki Service (such as speakers).
Service Providers.
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons.
To facilitate our Service.
To provide the Service on our behalf.
To perform Service-related services.
or.
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information.
The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf.
However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Sharing your personal data.
We have set out the categories of recipients of the personal data collected or generated through your use of the Teraki Service.
Publicly available information.
The following personal data will always be publicly available on the Teraki Service.
your name and/or username, profile picture on the Teraki Service, your recently played audiobook/podcast, and your favorite podcast as well.
Personal data you may choose to share.
The following personal data will only be shared with the categories of recipients outlined in the table below if.
you choose to make use of a specific Teraki Service feature where sharing of particular personal data is required for the proper use of the Teraki Service feature.
or.
you grant us your permission to share the personal data, e.
g.
by selecting the appropriate setting in the Teraki Service or authorizing Teraki through a presented consent mechanism.
Security.
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it.
But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites.
This Service may contain links to other sites.
If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site.
Note that these external sites are not operated by us.
Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy.
The Teraki Service is not advised to children under the age of 13 years unless it is within parental consent.
The Teraki Service is also not offered to children whose age makes it illegal to process their personal data or requires parental consent for the processing of their personal data.
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under 13 years or under the applicable age limit (the “Age Limit”).
If you are under the Age Limit, please do not use the Teraki Service, and do not provide any personal data to us.
If you are a parent of a child under the Age Limit and become aware that your child has provided personal data to Teraki, please contact us using the ‘Contact Us’ form on the Privacy Center so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
If we learn that we have collected the personal data of a child under the age of 13 years, we will take reasonable steps to delete the personal data.
This may require us to delete the Teraki account for that child.
Changes to This Privacy Policy.
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.
Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This privacy policy is effective as of 25-06-2021.
Contact Us.
Thank you for reading our Policy.
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact our Data Protection Team by using the email or by writing to us at the following address.
All Rights Technologies PLC.
Africa Ave, Aberus Complex 8th Floor, Addis AbabaEthiopia.
We hope you enjoy using Teraki.
© Teraki.
Terms of use.
Privacy Policy.
Help and Support.
About.
Contact.
