Home.
SystemSearch TerbineHow It WorksTerbine Intelligent EdgeCreate Account.
Search Terbine.
How It Works.
Terbine Intelligent Edge.
Create Account.
OfferingsData Access SubscriptionsData Exchange PlatformTerbineLinkApplication Showcase.
Data Access Subscriptions.
Data Exchange Platform.
TerbineLink.
Application Showcase.
AboutWhat Terbine SolvesTeamContact.
What Terbine Solves.
Team.
Contact.
MediaPress ReleasesMedia CoverageTerbine PostsThe Truth About Tech.
Press Releases.
Media Coverage.
Terbine Posts.
The Truth About Tech.
SupportTools & SpecsContact Support.
Tools & Specs.
Contact Support.
Home.
SystemSearch TerbineHow It WorksTerbine Intelligent EdgeCreate Account.
System.
Search Terbine.
How It Works.
Terbine Intelligent Edge.
Create Account.
OfferingsData Access SubscriptionsData Exchange PlatformTerbineLinkApplication Showcase.
Offerings.
Data Access Subscriptions.
Data Exchange Platform.
TerbineLink.
Application Showcase.
AboutWhat Terbine SolvesTeamContact.
About.
What Terbine Solves.
Team.
Contact.
MediaPress ReleasesMedia CoverageTerbine PostsThe Truth About Tech.
Press Releases.
Media Coverage.
Terbine Posts.
The Truth About Tech.
SupportTools & SpecsContact Support.
Support.
Tools & Specs.
Contact Support.
Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information that Terbine collects through the Terbine.
com website (the “Website”), how that information is used, and the types of third parties with whom we share it.
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies to information Terbine collects from you via the Website.
Further, the Website may contain advertisements and/or links to other entities’ websites that are not controlled or operated by Terbine.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to such third party websites, and Terbine is not responsible for the content of such third party websites or the privacy practices of such third parties.
Therefore, we encourage you to request and review the privacy policies of any third parties upon disclosing your information such parties or visiting such third party websites.
You agree that we may modify this Privacy Policy at any time.
We will notify you of any material modifications and will seek your consent to the extent required by law.
Any modification is effective immediately upon posting on  Your continued use of this Website following modification of this Privacy Policy will be conclusively deemed to signify your acceptance of the modification.
Terbine reserves the right, at any time, to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently the Website or any part thereof without notice.
1.
Information Collected.
We collect information about you in three ways.
Information you provide.
When you register with the Website you will have the option of providing personally identifiable information about yourself that may include the following.
name, address, telephone number, email address, user name and password.
Information from Third Parties and other Sources.
Third parties may provide us with information about you.
We may also obtain additional commercially available information from third parties.
Information from Your Use of the Website.
We may collect information about your usage of the Website.
This information includes certain information in server logs, including with respect to your usage of the Website, URL visited, the content accessed, errors experienced, and in some cases the websites you visited before or after you visit the Website.
2.
Cookies and Other Technologies.
We use various technologies to collect and store information when you use the Website, and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device, including “web beacons”, clear GIFs, pixel tags and other means.
Cookies are text information files that your web browser places on computer and/or your mobile device when you visit a website.
Pixel tags are not visible to the user of a website and consist of a few lines of computer coding delivered with the web pages accessed.
Terbine may use such technologies to obtain non-personal information from you as an online visitor.
Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but can be configured not to accept them or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
You can remove certain cookies by following the directions in your Internet browser’s “help” file.
Please note that without cookies, you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the features of the Website.
3.
Use of Your Personally Identifiable Information.
The personally identifiable information that you provide and that we collect will be stored and maintained by Terbine for so long as we, in our sole discretion, believe is necessary or appropriate (a) to carry out the purpose(s) and the use(s) for which such information was collected, or (b) to comply with applicable laws, contracts, or other rules or regulations.
When you contact Terbine, we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Upon our collection of your personally identifiable information, Terbine may use such personally identifiable information internally, separately or in combination with pre-existing information, for the purposes set forth below.
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.
● To contact you, including via email, to respond to your comments or requests for information.
● To improve our products and services and identify, develop or offer new products and services.
● To contact you with more information about Terbine and its services.
● To enforce Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy.
● To generate aggregate statistical studies and conduct research which may be used in marketing our services to you or to third parties.
● To offer you products or services offered by Terbine’s authorized partners.
or.
● To provide any legitimate business service or product.
When showing or providing you with tailored content, we will not associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories, such as those based on race, religion, sexual orientation or health.
We may combine personal information about you received from several sources, including without limitation, the information described above in order to create more tailored personalized promotions of certain products and services for you and to better market our products and services to you and to third parties.
We may share such personal information, in an aggregated non-personally identifiable manner with third parties.
4.
Data Sharing and Transfer.
Terbine will not trade, sell or share your personal information for use by any third party except in the following circumstances.
● With Your Consent.
● With Authorized Service Providers – You, at your discretion, may elect to purchase from Terbine one or more third party services to be fulfilled by Terbine’s authorized partners (each a “Terbine Partner”).
For each such service that you purchase, Terbine may disclose your personally identifiable information to the Terbine Partner for the purposes of providing the applicable service.
Use of a service provided by a Terbine Partner is subject to such Terbine Partner’s privacy policies and terms of use for the applicable service.
● For External Processing – We may provide your personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons that provide services to help us with our business activities, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
These third parties are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
● As Required by Law or for the Protection of Rights – Terbine reserves the right to disclose your personally identifiable information based on the good faith belief that such action is necessary or appropriate to.
(a) meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
(b) enforce Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy, including investigation of potential violations.
(c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
(d) protect and defend the rights or property of Terbine, or (e) act in urgent circumstances to protect the safety or security of the public or of users of the Terbine product and service offerings.
Notwithstanding the aforesaid in this Section 4 above.
● We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information, publicly and with companies or financial institutions that perform marketing services on our behalf or with other financial institutions with which we have joint marketing arrangements.
For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.
● We may sell such aggregated, non-personally identifiable information to third parties.
and.
● We may combine information collected about you we already have about you, and share it, in an aggregated, non-personally identifiable manner, with third parties.
In the event that Terbine is involved in a transaction such as a merger, stock purchase, bankruptcy or sale of substantially all of Terbine’s assets, your personal information may be transferred to the other party in such transaction.
You will be notified via email of any change in ownership (other than where the new owners are affiliates of Terbine) or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
5.
Children’s Privacy.
The Website is not directed at children and children are not intended as the audience of the Website.
Furthermore, neither the Website nor third parties on behalf thereof knowingly collect any personal information from children under 13 years of age.
Accordingly, the provisions of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act do not apply to the Website.
We encourage all parents to talk to their kids about online safety and to monitor their children’s use of the Internet and mobile applications.
6.
Security.
Access outside the United States.
Your personal information will generally be stored on behalf of Terbine third party service providers and will be granted the protections and will be subject to the security procedures utilized by such service provider, whose data protection and privacy protections may not afford the same level of protection as required by laws of certain countries, such as the member nations of the European Union.
If you wish to receive information about such third party service providers, you may make such request using use the contact information set forth at the end of this document, including the phrase “Third Party Service Providers” in the subject line, and providing us with your name, address and email address.
We will respond to you within-thirty days of receiving such a request.
We make no claims that the Website or any of their respective contents are appropriate or may be downloaded or accessed outside of the United States.
If you access the Website from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your country.
You may not use or export any content of the Website in violation of U.
S.
export laws and regulations.
Please note that the servers containing your information would become accessible in the event of a security breach.
Also, transmissions via the Internet and mobile networks are never completely private or secure.
You understand that any messages or information you send to our Website may be read or intercepted by others.
If you have any questions about the security of personally identifiable information collected by Terbine, please contact us at the e-mail address shown below.
Data transmitted via the Website may use a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol, and data may be encrypted on some pages of the Website.
To the extent such technology is utilized on a given page, you may be unable to use certain account or customization features of the Website unless your web browser software supports such encryption.
7.
Access to your Information.
We attempt to keep your files complete, up-to-date, and accurate.
We tell you how and where to conveniently access your personal information and how to notify us about errors.
We offer several ways for you to access and/or update the personal information in the Terbine Account.
● You may use the contact information set forth at the end of this document to contact us for any inquiry or request regarding our privacy policy or the handling of your personal information.
● You also may write to us directly if you wish to.
(a) update or delete your personally identifiable information.
(b) close your account.
or (c) request that we cease sending you promotional or other information via mail or e-mail.
Such written requests should be sent to Terbine at the address below.
We will comply with requests for the deletion of information subject to the provisions of Section 8 below.
We reserve the right to deny access to personally identifiable information in your Terbine account (a) when such denial of access is required by law, (b) when granting you access is reasonably likely to negatively impact other people’s privacy, (c) to protect our rights and property, and (d) when such requests are frivolous or made in bad faith.
8.
Choice and Opt Out Preference.
Termination.
If, at any time, you prefer not to receive further e-mail communications from Terbine, you will have the ability to unsubscribe from all of some of such communications by updating your preferences in your Terbine account or to write to us to opt out in accordance with the contact information below.
If, at any time, you prefer not to receive any other form of communication from Terbine, you will have the ability to unsubscribe from such communications by contacting us at the address below as well as to close your Terbine Account.
If you wish to cancel your Terbine account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us in accordance with the contact information below.
We will retain your information for as long as your Terbine account is active or as needed to provide you services or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
9.
Special Notice to California Residents.
Under California Law SB 27, California residents have the right to receive, once a year, information about third parties with whom we have shared information about you for their marketing purposes during the previous calendar year, and a description of the categories of personal information shared.
To make such a request, please use the contact information set forth at the end of this document and please include the phrase “California Privacy Request” in the subject line, and provide us with your name, address and email address.
We will respond to you within-thirty days of receiving such a request.
10.
Do Not Track.
Terbine does not support Do Not Track (“DNT”) with respect to your usage of the Website.
The Website does not have a mechanism to recognize the various web browser DNT signals, in part, because no common industry standard for DNT has been adopted by industry groups, technology companies or regulators.
Terbine takes privacy and meaningful choice seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor developments around DNT browsed technology and the implementation of a standard.
11.
Questions or Comments.
Terbine welcomes questions and comments about this Privacy Policy and/or our use of your information.
Questions or comments should be directed to .
Effective Date.
06/2015.
Last Modified.
05/27/2022.
Legal Notices.
Terbine is a registered trademark of Terbine, a Nevada corporation.
Take the Pulse of the Earth is a trademark of Terbine.
All other company or product names, brands, trademarks, and logos on this site are the property of their respective owners.
The companies listed on this site are not affiliated with Terbine and they do not endorse or sponsor the products or services of Terbine.
Additional Links.
FAQS.
Privacy & Legal.
How To.
Create An Account.
Search for Datasets.
Contact Terbine.
Latest News.
TERBINE CEO DAVID KNIGHT INTERVIEWED FOR THE CENTER FOR AUTOMOTIVE RESEARCH PODCAST SERIES.
MYTHBUSTER TORY BELLECI GETS TO THE TRUTH ABOUT TECH IN PODCAST SERIES.
TELEVISION HOST & ‘MYTHBUSTER’ TORY BELLECI JOINS TERBINE  BOARD OF ADVISORS.
TERBINE NAMED ONE OF THE BEST TECH STARTUPS IN LAS VEGAS FOR 2022.
