Privacy policy.
Terepac Corporation (“we”) respects your right to privacy and will not sell or share any personal or proprietary information you provide Terepac Corporation without prior consent and except as set forth in this policy.
Your privacy is protected in all interactions with our company including while you are using this site, our website at terepac.
com and/or ONE Platform.
Your ability to make informed choices about the uses of your information is important to us.
Scope.
This policy applies to personal information we collect through ONE Platform, company interactions, and our website at terepac.
com.
Purposes.
When collecting personal information, we will state the purpose of collection.
We may collect various types information from you, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, product purchase intentions, your interaction with our website (including information such as IP addresses, internet service provider, browser type, language, access times, referring website, etc.
) and other information you provide to us.
We collect and use this information for the following purposes.
to process your requests, to provide you the highest quality of service, and to understand your needs so that we can serve you better – for example, we may use your email to update you about change in the Terepac software or hardware.
to compile aggregate statistics about the total number of daily visitors to our websites, the pages most frequently visited and how long people stay at each page, which in turn allows us to understand our customers’ needs and to develop products and services to serve those needs.
to confirm your identity.
and.
to comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
When your personal information is to be used for a purpose not previously identified, the new purpose will be disclosed to you prior to such use, and your consent will be sought unless the use is authorized or required by law.
Except as described in this policy, we will not disclose your personal information to third parties without your consent other than to participating service providers and resellers for the purposes described under the heading “Limits on Using, Disclosing and Retaining Personal Information.
”.
We occasionally hire other companies to provide services on our behalf, such as hosting websites.
Those service providers will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service in question, and our contract with them will require them to maintain the confidentiality of that information.
Consent.
You have the choice of whether or not to give us your personal information.
If you share your personal information, we will tell you why we are collecting it.
By providing us your personal information, you agree to our using it for the purposes stated.
In certain places or certain pages on our website, we will ask you specifically if you wish to receive further information or to be contacted by us or a Terepac representative in the future.
At that time, we will note and abide by your preference.
At any time, subject to legal restrictions, you may withdraw or change your consent to our use of your information, request us to delete it from our files, or notify us if you do not wish us to use your information for any purpose other than for the purposes specifically identified when you provided it to us (See Contact Us, below).
Information collected through cookies and pixels may not be optional.
We will inform you of the implications of withdrawing your consent.
Limits on Collection.
We will not collect information indiscriminately and will limit collection of information to that which is reasonable and necessary for the above purposes.
Limits on Using, Disclosing and Retaining Personal Information.
We will only use and disclose your personal information for the purposes set out above and as authorized by law.
We will keep personal information used to make a decision affecting you for at least one year after using it to make the decision, unless otherwise permitted or required by law.
We will destroy, erase or make anonymous documents or other records containing personal information as soon as it is reasonable to conclude that the original purpose is no longer being served by retention of the information and retention is no longer necessary for legal or business purposes.
We will take due care when destroying personal information so as to prevent unauthorized access to the information.
Accuracy.
We will make a reasonable effort to ensure that personal information we are using or disclosing is accurate and complete.
In some cases, we rely on you to ensure that certain information, such as your address or telephone number, is current, complete and accurate.
If you demonstrate the inaccuracy or incompleteness of personal information, we will amend the information as required.
If appropriate, we will send the amended information to third parties to whom the information has been disclosed.
When a challenge regarding the accuracy of personal information is not resolved to your satisfaction, we will annotate the personal information under our control with a note that the correction was requested but not made.
Safeguards.
We protect the personal information in our custody or control by making reasonable security arrangements to prevent unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, disposal or similar risks.
We will take reasonable steps, through contractual or other reasonable means, to ensure that a comparable level of personal information protection is implemented by the Terepac service providers who assist in providing services to you.
Confidentiality and security are not assured when information is transmitted electronically.
Providing Access.
Upon written request and authentication of identity, we will provide you with your personal information under our control, information about the ways in which that information is being used and a description of the individuals and organizations to whom that information has been disclosed.
We will make the information available within thirty days or provide written notice where additional time is required to fulfill the request.
In some situations we may not be able to provide access to certain personal information.
This may be the case where, for example, disclosure would reveal personal information about another individual, the personal information is protected by solicitor/client privilege, the information was collected for the purpose of an investigation or where disclosure of the information would reveal confidential commercial information that, if disclosed, could harm our competitive position.
We may also be prevented by law from providing access to certain personal information.
Where an access request is refused, we will notify you in writing, document the reasons for refusal and outline further steps which are available to you.
Employee Provisions.
At Terepac we require that employees and team members protect the confidentiality of information about employees and our clients.
This information includes, among other information, personnel files, contract records, and product selection information.
Employees and users must follow the provisions of this Policy to 1) Prevent the disclosure of non-public information about our clients 2) Apply, where necessary, the appropriate protective measures required by the laws or regulations of those countries in which we are operating and 3) Support privacy requirements placed on Terepac in our dealings with our clients.
At Terepac, we prohibit non-job-related uses of software and business equipment, including but not limited to internet use, email, fax machines, printers, computers and copy machines.
Employees, who violate any part of this privacy policy, may be subject to discipline, up to and including termination of employment.
Upon termination of employment for any reason, employees are required to immediately return all copies of all documents, electronic, or digital media in their possession, which contain confidential information of Terepac.
In the event of a breach of our privacy policy, we will notify you immediately.
Giving Voice to the world®.
