Programmable IoT.
Serial-over-IP (SoI).
Modbus Gateways.
Remote IO.
Linux Ecosystem.
Other Solutions.
Other Projects.
Modules and Boards.
Add-on Boards.
Chip-level products.
Serial Controllers.
Tibbo Project System.
Sensors.
WebUSB Boards.
IO Ninja Hardware.
Add-ons and Accessories.
Modules and Boards.
Add-on Boards.
Chip-level products.
Serial Controllers.
Tibbo Project System.
Sensors.
WebUSB Boards.
IO Ninja Hardware.
Add-ons and Accessories.
Programmable IoT.
Serial-over-IP (SoI).
Modbus Gateways.
Remote IO.
Linux Ecosystem.
Other Solutions.
Other Projects.
Tibbo > Privacy Policy.
This page outlines the Privacy Policy for the tibbo.
com website.
Click here if you are looking for the Provicy Policy for our iOS and Android apps.
Tibbo Privacy Policy for Tibbo.
com Website.
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy“) governs Tibbo Technology, Inc.
("Tibbo"), a Taiwan corporation.
It defines the information collection, processing and practices in connection with your use of the tibbo.
com website ("Site").
If you have any questions or comments regarding privacy issues related to the Site, please contact us by e-mail at .
Tibbo receives information because you provide it to us, because we collect it from you, or because third parties, such as data analytics providers, collect it from you on our behalf.
These third parties may have their own privacy policies.
By accessing our Site, you authorize such data collection by us, as well as third parties.
We collect both Personal Information and Anonymous Information about our Users.
“Personal Information” is information that can be used to contact or identify you, such as your full name, email address, delivery address for the goods, and so on.
“Anonymous Information” is the information that cannot be used to contact or identify you, and is not linked to Personal Information.
Anonymous Information includes information about your activities on the Site.
Personal Information.
You provide Personal Information to us when you create a personal account ("Account") on our Site.
Account creation is necessary if you want to sign up for our electronic Newsletter ("Newsletter"), create and store data under your Account, or place an order to Tibbo.
If you create an Account to sign up for our Newsletter or for creating and storing data under your Account, we only ask you to provide your full name and email address.
One example of data creation and storage is when you wish to define a custom configuration for a Tibbo Project System (TPS) device.
This requires an Account under which this configuration will be saved.
When you place an order to Tibbo, we additionally ask you to provide the information necessary to fulfill this order.
Such information may include your delivery address, your company information (if any), as well as the payment method information, such as the credit card number, expiry date, and so on.
In addition to the information you provide explicitly, we may also record information that we are able to obtain automatically.
For example, we may record your IP address, device type, browser type, operating system type, and so on.
We collect such information to analyze trends, improve the user experience on our Site, track user movement around our Site, deter credit card fraud, and perform other activities aiming to improve the safety and quality of our service.
After you create an Account, we may send you a message via email or other means confirming the account creation.
By creating an account on our Site, you expressly authorize us to be in electronic contact with you on matters pertaining to the administration and maintenance of this account.
All Personal Information you provide to us when signing up for or using your Account, as well as the automatically collected additional information linked to your Personal Information may be stored by us indefinitely and until such time that you request deleting your Account, at which point we will permanently purge your Personal Information from our server.
One exception to this rule is credit card information.
We only store your credit card information for as long as it takes to process your pending orders, after which this information is immediately deleted.
If you have any concerns or requests related to your Account or your Personal Information that we may be storing, please contact us at .
If you contact us (by email, by filling out a form on our Site, or through other means), we may also collect and retain certain information about you, such as your name and email address.
We may share your Personal Information with our local or foreign subsidiaries, affiliates, or partners.
For example, if you place an order to Tibbo and we determine that this order should be processed by one of our distributors, we will share enough of your Personal Information to enable this distributor to process your order.
Your credit card information will never be shared with anyone.
We may also share your Personal Information with any third party if we believe that disclosure of such information is helpful or reasonably necessary to (a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request.
(b) enforce the terms of service or use governing the Site.
(c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud or security issues.
and/or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Tibbo, our subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, users, yourself, or the public.
We do not intentionally collect Personal Information from anyone we know to be under the age of 16.
If we learn that we have collected Personal Information from such a person, we will delete that information.
We believe that we take reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Information.
However, no method of communications or data storage is fully secure.
Therefore, we cannot guarantee the absolute security or confidentiality of your Personal Information.
Please note that we outsource the Site hosting and data storage to a third party.
Physically, your data is stored in the Netherlands.
Anonymous Information.
Our Site uses Google Analytics for anonymous Site traffic analysis, cookies for facilitating convenient, friendly, and tailored presentation of our Site (for example, recognizing you if you return to the Site after leaving it for a while), retargeting technologies administered by the third parties for targeted advertising of our products and services,  as well as user behavior analysis tools aimed at finding ways to improve the usability of our site.
By accessing our Site, you grant us explicit permission to use the above technologies and tools.
You may block cookies by disabling them in your browser.
However, doing so will disable certain useful functions of our Site.
Canceling Your Newsletter Subscription.
You may choose to unsubscribe from our Newsletter at any time.
You can do so by selecting an unsubscribe link at the bottom of each Newsletter email that we send or by unchecking the "Subscribe to Tibbo Newsletter" checkbox in the Account Information page.
Please note that this will not prevent you from receiving administrative emails related to the management and maintenance of your Account, or emails responding to communications initiated by you.
Modules.
Wi-Fi.
ASICs.
Controllers.
Boards.
Tibbo Project System (TPS).
Sensors.
Solutions.
Software.
Hardware.
Firmware.
Services.
Resources.
About.
