+1 857 302 4122.
Topsec Services+Topsec Managed Email SecurityTopsec Managed Phishing Awareness TrainingTopsec Email ArchivingTopsec DMARC ProtectionTopsec Managed DNSTopsec Email ContinuityTopsec Attachment SandboxingTopsec URL ScannerVIP Impersonation ProtectionTopsec FileXchangeIntegration with Office 365.
Topsec Managed Email Security.
Topsec Managed Phishing Awareness Training.
Topsec Email Archiving.
Topsec DMARC Protection.
Topsec Managed DNS.
Topsec Email Continuity.
Topsec Attachment Sandboxing.
Topsec URL Scanner.
VIP Impersonation Protection.
Topsec FileXchange.
Integration with Office 365.
Watchguard Services+Watchguard FirewallWatchguard EDPRWatchguard MFA.
Watchguard Firewall.
Watchguard EDPR.
Watchguard MFA.
About +About Topsec Cloud SolutionsWhy TopsecCase StudiesDownload BrochuresOur BlogsTopsec News.
About Topsec Cloud Solutions.
Why Topsec.
Case Studies.
Download Brochures.
Our Blogs.
Topsec News.
Resellers.
Contact.
Topsec Services+Topsec Managed Email SecurityTopsec Managed Phishing Awareness TrainingTopsec Email ArchivingTopsec DMARC ProtectionTopsec Managed DNSTopsec Email ContinuityTopsec Attachment SandboxingTopsec URL ScannerVIP Impersonation ProtectionTopsec FileXchangeIntegration with Office 365.
Topsec Managed Email Security.
Topsec Managed Phishing Awareness Training.
Topsec Email Archiving.
Topsec DMARC Protection.
Topsec Managed DNS.
Topsec Email Continuity.
Topsec Attachment Sandboxing.
Topsec URL Scanner.
VIP Impersonation Protection.
Topsec FileXchange.
Integration with Office 365.
Watchguard Services+Watchguard FirewallWatchguard EDPRWatchguard MFA.
Watchguard Firewall.
Watchguard EDPR.
Watchguard MFA.
About +About Topsec Cloud SolutionsWhy TopsecCase StudiesDownload BrochuresOur BlogsTopsec News.
About Topsec Cloud Solutions.
Why Topsec.
Case Studies.
Download Brochures.
Our Blogs.
Topsec News.
Resellers.
Contact.
Privacy Policy.
Privacy Statement.
Our website located at  , provides information about our service and is operated at by Topsec Cloud Solutions Limited .
Topsec Cloud Solutions has a registered address at Unit 1F Three Rock Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin 18, D18 DW70, Ireland.
This Privacy Statement describes how Topsec uses and protects information collected through the site and our marketing practices generally.
If you do not agree with this Privacy Statement in general or any part of it, you should not access the website.
To note, if your company engages Topsec to provide Topsec’s service, your company and Topsec will enter into a separate agreement that will, among other things, govern the use of all of the information and data collected and maintained by Topsec in connection with the operation of the service, including data collected through certain features made available to customers through the Site.
Any agreement between your company and Topsec will take precedence over any conflicting provision in this Privacy Policy.
Your user agreement applies to your use of our customer portal, and any data provided or generated by creating your user account and your use of the customer portal.
If you have questions about this Privacy Statement or otherwise, you can reach us using the contact information provided below.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Statement from time to time.
This Privacy Statement was last updated on May 24, 2018.
Technical information collected automatically.
When you visit the Site, our systems automatically collect the following information about your visit.
the type of internet browser you use.
the language of your browser.
the website from which you have come to the Site.
the webpages you view on our site.
the links you clicked on our site.
and.
your IP address (the unique address which identifies your computer on the internet).
We use automatically collected information to assist us in.
providing, improving, and administering the Site.
providing customer care and support services.
providing security and safety to our Site visitors.
monitoring activity usage of the Site.
and.
measuring the effectiveness of the content we serve.
We do not use automatically collected information to learn any information about you personally.
Cookies.
We (or our vendors) may collect your information using cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, embedded web links, and similar technologies.
We use cookies and these similar technologies to.
Store your preferences and Settings – We may store data in a cookie so you will see relevant local information when you return to the site.
We also may save preferences, like language and browser so these do not have to be reset each time you return to the site.
Detection of abuse or fraud on the Site.
Social Media – Our Site includes certain social media features (such as a “share” or “like” button).
Those features are provided by the applicable social media platform (such as Twitter or Facebook).
Where information is collected through the social media feature, the use of that information is governed by the privacy statement published by the social media platform that provides the feature.
Internet-Based Advertising – We also use automatically collected information to target advertising for our service on third party sites.
Showing advertising – We use cookies to record how many visitors have clicked on an advertisement and to record which advertisements you have seen so you don’t see the same one.
Analytics – We use cookies to gather usage and performance data for the Site.
You can choose to reject certain collection technologies (such as cookies) but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features.
Topsec does not collect information about your online activities across different web sites, over time.
Accordingly, Topsec does not currently respond to “do not track” browser requests.
Collecting Personal Data.
We collect information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (Personal Data) in a variety of ways including.
Through web pages on the Site (e.
g.
when you request a case study , white paper or complete a form for general or partner inquiries).
Through responses to an online, email or electronic promotion or survey.
or.
Over the telephone.
Such personal data includes.
Your name, job level, email address, postal address or telephone number.
Your title, company name and address.
Details of the resources you access on the Site and any data you download.
Details of other engagements with Topsec, such as trade show interactions.
Using Personal Data.
As it is in our legitimate interests to be responsive to you and to ensure the proper functioning of our products and organization, we will use your personal data in the following ways.
To assist in responding to your inquiries, including answering your questions on pricing and technical information relating to Topsec’s services.
To learn more about your requirements (through surveys and the like) in support of development of our service.
To carry out research on our users’ demographics.
To request your opinion and feedback on areas of the Site or in connection with our services.
At your request to register you for a trial of our Services.
and.
At your request to provide you with a quote for our Services.
If you consent, or where we are able to under applicable law, we will send you information we think you will find useful about our services or, at your request, subscribe you to our newsletter and alerts concerning the services we provide.
We may obtain information from third parties to combine with the Personal Information we have gathered as described in this Policy, in order to improve our marketing activities and to ensure the details we hold are relevant and up-to-date.
Also, if we provide a means for you to refer a third party to the Site, we will send the third party an email on your behalf with details about the Site.
You can unsubscribe to emails by following the unsubscribe instructions on any email communications sent to you, or you can email us at or by post at the address provided below.
We provide additional information about your controls below.
Information Sharing and Disclosure.
We do not sell or rent your personal data to third parties.
We do not share personal data, except as expressly provided in this Privacy Policy.
We share your information with the following recipients.
Prospective partners and other third parties to disclose aggregate statistics about visitors to the Site in order to describe our services generally, including on our web site, but these statistics will not include Personal Information.
Our reseller partners to allow them to provide marketing information on our behalf as described above.
Our service providers will only use your personal data to the extent necessary to perform their functions and will be subject to contractual obligations to maintain the security and confidentiality of all information they process.
Our affiliates for purposes of providing Site support, Security and Safety Services, and Sales/Marketing processes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
In addition, in the event of a corporate sale, reorganization, dissolution or the sale of any business or assets, personal data will be included in the transferred assets.
As a result, the successor of Topsec will continue to use your personal data as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
We will disclose your personal data if required to do so to comply with any applicable law or regulation or in response to a legal demand, subpoena, warrant or other similar request.
We will also disclose your personal data to any regulatory or law enforcement agency if we believe that such action is necessary to protect the rights, property or personal safety of Topsec, its customers, the public or any third party.
Transfer of your Personal Data.
The information that we collect from you will be transferred to, and stored at/processed in Ireland.
Your personal data is also processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers.
Such staff are engaged in, among other things, the provision of support services, maintain and operating the Site, and providing Security services.
By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal data is treated securely and in accordance with this policy.
Storage of your Personal Data.
We will retain your Personal Data as follows.
Technical Information – We will keep this data for 18 months after visiting our Site.
Contact Information – We will keep this data for 18 months after our last contact with you.
Company Information – We will keep this data for 24 months after our last contact with someone from your organization.
Trade Show Attendance- We will keep this data for 24 months after our last contact with you.
Security.
At Topsec, we are committed to maintaining the security of the information we collect from activity on this website and from other marketing efforts.
We have therefore implemented technology and security policies and procedures that are intended to reduce the risk of accidental destruction or loss, or the unauthorized disclosure or access to such information.
We have security measures in place to help protect against the loss or misuse of personal data under our control.
Our security practices are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized personnel have access to personal data.
While we use all reasonable efforts to prevent the loss or misuse of your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of any personal data you submit via the Site.
External links.
The Site shall, from time to time, contain links to external sites.
We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites and you should familiarize yourself with such policies upon use of such sites.
Your controls.
Data rights.
In certain circumstances, you have the right to access and receive a copy of information we hold about you, to rectify any personal data held about you that is inaccurate and to request the deletion of personal data held about you.
You also have the right to data portability for information you provide to us – this means that you can obtain a copy of your data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it, or request we send it to a third party.
You may have the right to restrict or object to the processing of your personal data by us including for direct marketing.
You can exercise your rights by contacting us at NOTE.
We may ask you to verify your identity before responding.
Marketing.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes.
You can exercise your right to prevent such processing at any time by contacting us at or by opting out of any of our emails.
Complaints.
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how we process your personal data, please contact us in the first instance at and we will endeavor to deal with your request as soon as possible.
This is without prejudice to your right to launch a claim with a supervisory authority (e.
g.
the Data Commissioner’s Office in the Ireland ).
Contacting us.
General Privacy Inquiries.
Please submit any questions, concerns or comments you have about this Privacy Statement or any requests concerning your personal data to our Data Protection Officer by email to .
Topsec Cloud Solutions Attn.
Privacy Department Unit F1 Three Rock Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin 18, D18 DW70, Ireland.
About Us.
About Topsec Cloud Solutions.
Why Topsec.
Career.
Service.
All products.
Resource Centre.
Case studies.
Blogs.
Download Brochures.
Office Location.
Ireland -1F Three Rock Rd, Sandyford, Dublin.
Contact Support Number.
+353 (1) 4263300.
Sales.
+353 (1) 4263300.
Office Location.
United Kingdom- 50-56 Castle Hill House 12 Castle Hill, Windsor, SL4 1PD.
+ 44 (1753) 839330.
Office Location.
United States- 265 Franklin Street, Suite 1702 Boston, MA 02110.
+1 (857) 302 4122.
Copyright © 2021-22 Topsec.
All Rights Reserved.
Terms & Conditions.
|   Privacy Policy.
