TRUMPF uses cookies to provide a variety of services, to continually improve these services and to display advertisements according to the interests of our visitors.
When your data is processed, it may be (for a limited time) that your data is transmitted outside of the EEA, for example, to the United States of America (art.
49 para.
1 lit a GDPR), where the high European standards of data protection do not apply.
This means that the authorities can have access to the data for control and monitoring purposes, against which it may not be possible to exercise effective legal remedy or to assert the rights of the persons concerned.
By clicking on "Consent", you consent to the use of cookies for the pages trumpf.
com, mytrumpf.
com and their sub-pages.
You also consent to the transmission of your personal data to recipients in third countries where the adequacy decision of the European Commission is not valid.
You can edit or revoke your cookie settings at any time in the Privacy settings.
Further details can be found in the Data protection declaration.
You can set your browser as you wish and generally prevent the setting of cookies.
You can then opt on a case-by-case basis whether to allow cookies, generally accept them or reject them.
If you have given us explicit consent to process your personal data, the following checkbox will contain a check mark.
Any explicit consent from you to process your personal data can be revoked at any time by unchecking the following checkbox.
Please note that up until revocation, the legal validity of consent-based processing remains unaffected.
By checking the following checkbox, you consent to the use of cookies for the website pages of trumpf.
com, mytrumpf.
com and their sub-pages, as well as to any transmission of your personal data to third countries.
Further details can be found in the Data protection declaration.
ProductsOverview ProductsMachines & systems                                                                    Overview Machines & systems                                                                2D laser cutting machines3D laser cutting machinesLaser welding systems and the arc welding cellLaser tube cutting machinesMarking systemsAdditive production systemsPunching machinesPunch laser machinesBending machinesStorage systemsAutomationLasers                                                                    Overview Lasers                                                                Disk lasersFiber laserDiode lasersShort and ultrashort pulse laserMarking lasersPulsed lasersCO2 lasersEUV Drive LaserSensor systemProcessing opticsTechnology packagesScientific lasersVCSEL solutions & photodiodes                                                                    Overview VCSEL solutions & photodiodes                                                                Single & multimode VCSELDatacom VCSELs & photodiodesIntegrated VCSEL solutionsVCSEL heating systemsReal-time localization (RTLS)Power electronics                                                                    Overview Power electronics                                                                Plasma ExcitationInduction generatorsInvertersTRUMPF Hüttinger WhitepaperPower tools                                                                    Overview Power tools                                                                Battery machinesSlitting shearsShear cuttingNibblerProfile nibblerPanel cutterFiber Composite NibblerSeam lockerPower fastenerDeburrersBevelerSlat cleanerSoftwareServices.
Overview Products.
Machines & systems                                                                    Overview Machines & systems                                                                2D laser cutting machines3D laser cutting machinesLaser welding systems and the arc welding cellLaser tube cutting machinesMarking systemsAdditive production systemsPunching machinesPunch laser machinesBending machinesStorage systemsAutomation.
Overview Machines & systems.
2D laser cutting machines.
3D laser cutting machines.
Laser welding systems and the arc welding cell.
Laser tube cutting machines.
Marking systems.
Additive production systems.
Punching machines.
Punch laser machines.
Bending machines.
Storage systems.
Automation.
Lasers                                                                    Overview Lasers                                                                Disk lasersFiber laserDiode lasersShort and ultrashort pulse laserMarking lasersPulsed lasersCO2 lasersEUV Drive LaserSensor systemProcessing opticsTechnology packagesScientific lasers.
Overview Lasers.
Disk lasers.
Fiber laser.
Diode lasers.
Short and ultrashort pulse laser.
Marking lasers.
Pulsed lasers.
CO2 lasers.
EUV Drive Laser.
Sensor system.
Processing optics.
Technology packages.
Scientific lasers.
VCSEL solutions & photodiodes                                                                    Overview VCSEL solutions & photodiodes                                                                Single & multimode VCSELDatacom VCSELs & photodiodesIntegrated VCSEL solutionsVCSEL heating systems.
Overview VCSEL solutions & photodiodes.
Single & multimode VCSEL.
Datacom VCSELs & photodiodes.
Integrated VCSEL solutions.
VCSEL heating systems.
Real-time localization (RTLS).
Power electronics                                                                    Overview Power electronics                                                                Plasma ExcitationInduction generatorsInvertersTRUMPF Hüttinger Whitepaper.
Overview Power electronics.
Plasma Excitation.
Induction generators.
Inverters.
TRUMPF Hüttinger Whitepaper.
Power tools                                                                    Overview Power tools                                                                Battery machinesSlitting shearsShear cuttingNibblerProfile nibblerPanel cutterFiber Composite NibblerSeam lockerPower fastenerDeburrersBevelerSlat cleaner.
Overview Power tools.
Battery machines.
Slitting shears.
Shear cutting.
Nibbler.
Profile nibbler.
Panel cutter.
Fiber Composite Nibbler.
Seam locker.
Power fastener.
Deburrers.
Beveler.
Slat cleaner.
Software.
Services.
SolutionsOverview SolutionsSmart Factory                                                                    Overview Smart Factory                                                                Smart FactoryStarting outStep-by-step expansionFully networkedSmart Factory ConsultingOur Smart FactoriesLot size of 1Transparency with real-time locating systemsSmart Material FlowApplications                                                                    Overview Applications                                                                Laser weldingArc weldingLaser cuttingEUV lithographyAdditive manufacturingSurface processing with the laserMicroprocessingLaser markingPlasma technologyInduction heatingCuttingJoiningEdge formingPunching and nibblingBendingIndustries                                                                    Overview Industries                                                                AutomotiveConstruction industrySheet metal processingDentalData communicationDisplaysElectronicsAir conditioning and energy technologyAviation and aerospaceMachine and systems engineeringMedical technologyCommercial vehicles and transportPhotovoltaicsWatch and jewelry industryTool and mold makingScienceSuccess storiesAdvantages of TRUMPF machines                                                                    Overview Advantages of TRUMPF machines                                                                Advantages of bending machinesAdvantages of punching machinesAdvantages of punch laser machinesAdvantages of laser tube cutting machinesAdvantages of the TRUMPF VCSELAdvantages of additive production systems.
Overview Solutions.
Smart Factory                                                                    Overview Smart Factory                                                                Smart FactoryStarting outStep-by-step expansionFully networkedSmart Factory ConsultingOur Smart FactoriesLot size of 1Transparency with real-time locating systemsSmart Material Flow.
Overview Smart Factory.
Smart Factory.
Starting out.
Step-by-step expansion.
Fully networked.
Smart Factory Consulting.
Our Smart Factories.
Lot size of 1.
Transparency with real-time locating systems.
Smart Material Flow.
Applications                                                                    Overview Applications                                                                Laser weldingArc weldingLaser cuttingEUV lithographyAdditive manufacturingSurface processing with the laserMicroprocessingLaser markingPlasma technologyInduction heatingCuttingJoiningEdge formingPunching and nibblingBending.
Overview Applications.
Laser welding.
Arc welding.
Laser cutting.
EUV lithography.
Additive manufacturing.
Surface processing with the laser.
Microprocessing.
Laser marking.
Plasma technology.
Induction heating.
Cutting.
Joining.
Edge forming.
Punching and nibbling.
Bending.
Industries                                                                    Overview Industries                                                                AutomotiveConstruction industrySheet metal processingDentalData communicationDisplaysElectronicsAir conditioning and energy technologyAviation and aerospaceMachine and systems engineeringMedical technologyCommercial vehicles and transportPhotovoltaicsWatch and jewelry industryTool and mold makingScience.
Overview Industries.
Automotive.
Construction industry.
Sheet metal processing.
Dental.
Data communication.
Displays.
Electronics.
Air conditioning and energy technology.
Aviation and aerospace.
Machine and systems engineering.
Medical technology.
Commercial vehicles and transport.
Photovoltaics.
Watch and jewelry industry.
Tool and mold making.
Science.
Success stories.
Advantages of TRUMPF machines                                                                    Overview Advantages of TRUMPF machines                                                                Advantages of bending machinesAdvantages of punching machinesAdvantages of punch laser machinesAdvantages of laser tube cutting machinesAdvantages of the TRUMPF VCSELAdvantages of additive production systems.
Overview Advantages of TRUMPF machines.
Advantages of bending machines.
Advantages of punching machines.
Advantages of punch laser machines.
Advantages of laser tube cutting machines.
Advantages of the TRUMPF VCSEL.
Advantages of additive production systems.
CompanyOverview CompanyTRUMPF Group                                                                    Overview TRUMPF Group                                                                Management BoardCompany profileSupervisory BoardLocationsEvents and dates for your calendarAnnual reportSuppliersSYNCHROQualityCompany PrinciplesMilestones in the history of TRUMPFHistory TRUMPF USAAffiliated companies and other brandsTRUMPF VentureFinancial ServicesResponsibility                                                                    Overview Responsibility                                                                CultureEmployeesEducationSocietyProducts and supply chainEnvironment.
Overview Company.
TRUMPF Group                                                                    Overview TRUMPF Group                                                                Management BoardCompany profileSupervisory BoardLocationsEvents and dates for your calendarAnnual reportSuppliersSYNCHROQualityCompany PrinciplesMilestones in the history of TRUMPFHistory TRUMPF USAAffiliated companies and other brandsTRUMPF VentureFinancial Services.
Overview TRUMPF Group.
Management Board.
Company profile.
Supervisory Board.
Locations.
Events and dates for your calendar.
Annual report.
Suppliers.
SYNCHRO.
Quality.
Company Principles.
Milestones in the history of TRUMPF.
History TRUMPF USA.
Affiliated companies and other brands.
TRUMPF Venture.
Financial Services.
Responsibility                                                                    Overview Responsibility                                                                CultureEmployeesEducationSocietyProducts and supply chainEnvironment.
Overview Responsibility.
Culture.
Employees.
Education.
Society.
Products and supply chain.
Environment.
Newsroom.
CareersOverview CareersVacanciesTRUMPF as an employer                                                                    Overview TRUMPF as an employer                                                                TRUMPF as an employerBenefits and opportunitiesDiversityDevelopment opportunitiesInternational workExperienced professionalsGraduatesCollege studentsHigh school studentsHow to applyPeople at TRUMPF.
Overview Careers.
Vacancies.
TRUMPF as an employer                                                                    Overview TRUMPF as an employer                                                                TRUMPF as an employerBenefits and opportunitiesDiversityDevelopment opportunitiesInternational work.
Overview TRUMPF as an employer.
TRUMPF as an employer.
Benefits and opportunities.
Diversity.
Development opportunities.
International work.
Experienced professionals.
Graduates.
College students.
High school students.
How to apply.
People at TRUMPF.
Data protection declaration.
TRUMPF SE + Co.
KG and its affiliated companies, hereby referred to as the TRUMPF Group, would like to thank you for your interest in our company and our products and services.
Protecting your personal data while it is being processed during the entire business process is important to us.
TRUMPF SE + Co.
KG operates the entire international web presence of the TRUMPF Group, as well as affiliated web applications.
This data protection declaration applies to all websites operated by the TRUMPF Group, as well as to other processing of personal data within the TRUMPF Group.
This does not include the websites to which our external links lead.
You can find our contact information in the company details section.
pdf.
pdf.
Trustful relations with customers is vital to TRUMPF.
Transparency in the way we use data is therefore a top priority.
We will explain which information we collect when you visit our websites and how it is used, in the following.
Additionally you can find general information about the handling of personal data e.
g.
as part of application procedures, trade shows, events, as well as in the context of registering for our B2B portals, or when implementing marketing measures.
General information.
Visiting our website.
Individual processing.
MyTRUMPF.
Data protection officer.
Our data protection officer and their team are available for any concerns relating to data protection that you may have.
Please send your concerns to the following e-mail address.
or to your local contact person.
Personal data.
Personal data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
This includes information such as your real name, your address, your phone number, or your date of birth.
Information which cannot be directly connected to your real identity – for example favorite websites or number of users to a site – is not personal data.
Your rights.
In regards to your personal data, you have the right to request that we provide you with information, rectify, delete, or restrict the processing of your data in accordance with legal provisions.
Upon request, we will provide you your data in a structured, common, and machine-readable format.
If we are using your data based on your consent (for example when registering to our e-mail newsletter), you may revoke your consent at any time.
From the time of the revocation, we will no longer use your data for these purposes.
If we have a legitimate interest in processing your data, you may likewise express your objection to this, to us.
In this case, we will stop processing your data unless we must continue to store it due to compelling reasons which override your interest in objecting, or unless the processing serves to pursue legal claims.
If we process personal data for direct marketing, you may object to the processing of such data at any time, without submitting reasons.
In this case we will no longer use the data for the purposes of direct marketing.
Of course, you can always also contact the responsible supervisory authorities.
Additional information in accordance with Art.
13 GDPR can be found below.
pdf.
pdf.
pdf.
pdf.
pdf.
pdf.
pdf.
pdf.
Erasure of data.
If your data is no longer needed for the listed purposes, including billing, it will be deleted.
Please note that for each deletion, the data will initially only be blocked and only completely deleted after a time delay to prevent accidental deletion or possible intentional damage.
For technical reasons, data is duplicated in backup files or through service mirroring, if need be.
Such copies are likewise, if need be, only deleted following a time delay due to technical reasons.
Use and forwarding of personal data.
The personal data you provide will be used by us only for a specific purpose, for example, for technical administration of websites or fulfilling your requests and demands.
i.
e.
generally to execute the contract we have concluded with you, or to answer your questions.
During registration in our B2B portals, the data will be used to carry out that registration and for the purposes of marketing exclusively within the legally permissible scope.
You can object to this promotional use at any time by sending a brief message to the following address.
.
We will not forward, sell or otherwise share your personal data with individuals outside the TRUMPF Group, unless this is required for the purposes of executing a contract or to carry out a service as part of order processing, or you have expressly consented to this.
Collecting and processing personal data.
Data is collected in log files, and through search engines and forms, whenever our websites are used.
When you visit our websites, our web servers permanently store the following as standard for the purposes of system security.
the connection data of the inquiring computer.
which of our websites you have visited.
the date and duration of the visit.
the recognition data of the browser and operating system used.
the website from which you came.
Additional personal information such as your name, your address, telephone number, or e-mail address are not collected, unless these are voluntarily provided by you, e.
g.
during registration, a survey, a contest, to execute a contract, or a request for information.
The stored data will be used to track misuse on the web server and then deleted.
The time of the last login is also used for advertising purposes, if this is legally permissible.
Information on the use of cookies.
Scope of processing of personal data.
We integrate and use cookies on various pages to enable specific website functions and to integrate external web services.
"Cookies" are small text files that your browser can store on your device.
These text files contain a unique character string that identifies the browser when you return to the website.
The process of saving a cookie file is also called "setting a cookie".
Cookies can be set both by the website itself and by external web services.
Legal basis for the processing of personal data.
Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f GDPR (legitimate interest) or art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a or art.
9 para.
1 lit.
a or art.
49 para.
1 lit.
a GDPR (consent).
The relevant legal basis can be found in the cookie table listed later in this section.
As a general rule, in the case of cookies that are collected on the basis of a legitimate interest, our legitimate interest is to ensure the functionality of our website and the services integrated into it (technically necessary cookies).
Cookies may also increase the user-friendliness and enable a more personalized presentation of the website.
A legitimate interest also exists for cookies used for website security and therefore also for personal data security.
With the aforementioned cookies, we take into consideration both your interests and ours.
Cookie technology allows us to analyze and track individual website visitors but only when the website visitor has consented to the use of cookies.
Displaying individualized advertising is also possible only with your consent.
Purpose of data processing.
Cookies are set by our website or external web services to maintain the site's full functionality, to improve user-friendliness or to pursue, with your consent, the stated purpose.
Cookie technology also allows us to identify individual visitors by using pseudonyms, e.
g.
individual or random IDs.
We are then able to provide more personalized services.
Details are shown in the following table.
Duration of storage.
The cookies listed below are stored in your browser until you delete them or on expiry of the storage duration.
Session cookies are deleted when the session has expired.
Details are listed in the following tables.
Description of cookies.
Right of objection, revocation of consent and deletion.
You can set your browser as you wish and generally prevent the setting of cookies.
You can then opt on a case-by-case basis whether to allow cookies, generally accept them or reject them.
Cookies can be used for various purposes, e.
g.
to recognize previous connections by your device to our website (permanent cookies) or to save the pages last viewed (session cookies).
Any explicit consent from you to process your personal data can be revoked at any time.
Please note that up until revocation, the legal validity of consent-based processing remains unaffected.
You can revoke your cookie settings at any time.
Privacy settings.
Online meetings via Microsoft Teams.
We use Microsoft Teams for telephone and / video conferences, webinars and virtual tours (collectively.
"online meetings").
Microsoft Teams is part of Microsoft 365 from the Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond 98052-6399, USA.
Your data is therefore processed in a third country which is not classified as a safe third country by the European Commission.
However, in order to guarantee an adequate level of data protection, we have concluded a data protection contract with Microsoft which contains the data protection clauses of the European Union standards.
If you are invited to an online meeting by TRUMPF, the following data can be processed.
information on participant (first name, last name, e-mail address, profile picture, video picture), online meeting data (subject, description) as well as further data provided by you via the Microsoft Teams' chat function within an online meeting.
If required, chat transcripts can be logged by TRUMPF.
In this case, the transcripts are stored until the purpose of the transcript recording is no longer valid.
The scope of the data processing by TRUMPF depends on which information you provide.
Legal basis for the processing of your personal data within the framework of online meetings is art.
6 para.
1 lit.
b GDPR.
The online meetings are generally not recorded.
If the meeting is recorded as an exception, all participants are asked to give their consent before and at the start of the recording.
The recording will only take place if consent is given.
If TRUMPF records an online meeting with your consent, the recordings are deleted as soon as the purpose for the recordings is no longer valid.
Legal basis for the processing in case of recording is your consent, art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a GDPR.
Further details on data protection can be found in Microsoft's data protection statement under .
Google Analytics.
We use Google Analytics to analyze and statistically evaluate website usage.
The data obtained is used to optimize our website and promotional activities.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service operated and provided by Google (Google Inc.
, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
for Europe.
Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland).
Legal basis.
Your data will be processed on the basis of your given consent in accordance with art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a or art.
49 para.
1 lit.
a GDPR.
Types of personal data.
The following data, among others, is recorded during your website visit.
Visitor-related data.
IP address (in abbreviated form so that no clear assignment is possible).
origin (country and city).
language.
operating system.
device (PC, tablet PC or smartphone).
browser and all add-ons used.
computer resolution.
Traffic sources.
The source of your visit (i.
e.
which website or advertising medium brought you to us).
User behavior.
Which files were downloaded.
Which videos were viewed.
Were advertising banners clicked.
Where did the visitor go.
Did the visitor click on other pages of the portal or completely skip them.
How long did the visitor stay.
Achievement of objectives.
Purchase of a product.
subscription.
download of files.
Google processes the data for website use on our behalf and is contractually obliged to take action to ensure the confidentiality of the data processed.
Google also processes this data for its own purposes (e.
g.
to create a profile or link to possible Google accounts).
The data the "cookies" collect about your website use are normally transmitted to a Google server in the USA for analysis and stored there.
Storage duration.
Google Analytics stores cookies in your web browser for a period of two years from your last visit.
These cookies contain a randomly generated user ID that allows you to be identified during future visits to the site.
The recorded data is stored together with a randomly generated user ID, which enables evaluation of pseudonymous user profiles This user-related data is automatically deleted by us after 2 years.
Anonymize IP.
This website uses IP anonymization ("anonymizeIP" masking function).
Within the member states of the EU and the European Economic Area, the user's IP address is shortened and transmitted only anonymously.
Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there.
On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Transmission of personal data to a third country.
When your data is processed, it may be (for a limited time) that your data is transmitted outside of the EEA, for example, to the United States of America (art.
49 para.
1 lit a GDPR), where the high European standards of data protection do not apply.
This means that the authorities can have access to the data for control and monitoring purposes, against which it may not be possible to exercise effective legal remedy or to assert the rights of the persons concerned.
Revocation/Objection.
You can prevent this processing through the following measures.
It is possible to set your browser so that no "cookies" are saved.
This can, however, mean that our website will not be fully functional.
It is also possible to prevent data collection using a browser add-on from Google.
You can find the add-on here.
.
Alternatively to the browser add-on – if you are using a smartphone or tablet, for example – you can prevent data acquisition by Google Analytics by clicking here.
This will place a cookie which prevents data collection.
If you visit our website again with a different device or browser, or if you have deleted your cookies, you must place the cookie again.
You can also revoke activation of Google Analytics with future effect at any time in thePrivacy settingssection.
As an American company, Google is subject to the CLOUD Act.
This allows American state authorities to gain access to the data stored by Google.
Additional information about data protection at Google can be found here .
Google Optimize.
We use Google Optimize, a web analytics service operated and provided by Google (Google Inc.
, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
for Europe.
Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland).
Google Optimize is a further function of Google Analytics (see previous information).
We are able to optimize our website via Google Optimize using a so-called A/B test.
Different versions of our website are displayed to a portion of the website visitors via Google Optimize.
Using statistical evaluation, we can identify which versions have more appeal to the users.
The user's IP address to transferred to Google.
Within the member states of the EU and the European Economic Area, the user's IP address is shortened and transmitted only anonymously.
Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there.
On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Your data will be processed on the basis of your given consent in accordance with art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a or art.
49 para.
1 lit.
a GDPR.
Further information can be found in our note on Google Analytics.
Google Adwords Remarketing.
We use the Adwords Remarketing function from Google (Google Inc.
, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
for Europe.
Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland).
Google Remarketing allows us to show you only the products which truly interest you, when you are visiting websites which belong to the Google Display Network (GND).
To that end, cookies are saved by your browser in order to recognize you when you visit GND websites again.
Through analysis of your website use, you will then be shown advertisements for products which you have already viewed, or which you may be interested in.
When your data is processed, it may be (for a limited time) that your data is transmitted outside of the EEA, for example, to the United States of America (art.
49 para.
1 lit a GDPR), where the high European standards of data protection do not apply.
This means that the authorities can have access to the data for control and monitoring purposes, against which it may not be possible to exercise effective legal remedy or to assert the rights of the persons concerned.
To prevent the saving of cookies for remarketing, you can change your settings for personalized ads here   Alternatively, you can proceed as instructed by the website of the NAI – Network Advertising Initiative  (.
Google Adwords Conversion Tracking.
We use the Adwords conversion tracking function from Google (Google Inc.
, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
for Europe.
Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland).
Google conversion tracking allows us to track what happens after a user accesses our advertisement.
For example, to identify whether a product is purchased or if there is a subscription to our newsletter.
By clicking on our Google ad, a cookie is saved on your device to enable this function.
This will not create a personal reference.
When your data is processed, it may be (for a limited time) that your data is transmitted outside of the EEA, for example, to the United States of America (art.
49 para.
1 lit a GDPR), where the high European standards of data protection do not apply.
This means that the authorities can have access to the data for control and monitoring purposes, against which it may not be possible to exercise effective legal remedy or to assert the rights of the persons concerned.
To prevent cookies for conversion tracking from being saved, you can change the settings in your browser accordingly.
Additional information about conversion tracking can be found here .
Social media wall.
We provide a social media wall on our web page.
For this purpose, we use a plugin/widget from Walls.
io GmbH, Schönbrunner Straße 213/215, 1120 Vienna, Austria.
As soon as the plugin/widget is loaded by your browser, your IP address, the web page visited and other device-specific information is transmitted to Walls.
io GmbH.
Integrating social media plugins.
The social media plugins of the social networks LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook and YouTube are integrated via the social media wall.
In the process, your personal data (IP address, web page visited and other device-specific information) is transmitted to the operators of the aforementioned services.
If you are logged into a personal account of the respective social network at the time of visiting our web page, the operator of this network can link this data directly to your person.
When your data is processed, your data may be transmitted (for a limited time) outside of the EEA, for example, to the United States of America where the high European standards of data protection do not apply.
This means that the authorities can have access to the data for control and monitoring purposes, against which it may not be possible to exercise effective legal remedy or to assert the rights of the persons concerned.
We have no influence on the processing of your data by the operators of the social networks.
Information on the processing of your data by the respective operators of the social networks can be found for.
LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube (please click accordingly).
Legal basis.
Your data will be processed on the basis of your given consent in accordance with art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a or art.
49 para.
1 lit.
a GDPR.
Revocation.
You can withdraw your consent at any time by making the appropriate settings in our privacy settings.
Website monitoring via WiredMinds.
For the purposes of marketing and optimization, products and services from the company wiredminds GmbH ( are used.
In this context, data is collected, processed, and stored – and a pseudonymous usage profile is created from this.
Where possible and reasonable, usage profiles are entirely anonymized.
Cookies can be used for this.
Cookies are small text files which are saved in the visitor's Internet browser for the purposes of recognizing the Internet browser.
The collected data, which may also contain personal data, is transmitted to wiredminds, or directly collected by wiredminds.
wiredminds is permitted to use information left behind from website visits to create anonymized usage profiles.
The data collected in this process will not be used to personally identify the visitor of the website without separately granted consent by the data subject.
It will also not be combined with personal data about the bearer of the pseudonym.
If IP addresses are collected, these are immediately anonymized after they have been collected, by deleting the last block of numbers.
You may object to the collection, processing, and storing of data at any time, with effect for the future.
Exclude from tracking.
mPulse content delivery network.
We use a content delivery network (CDN) from Akamai.
A CDN is a service which can be used to deliver the content of our online offer, in particular large media files such as graphics or scripts, using regionally distributed servers that are connected via the Internet, faster.
For this purpose, we use the web application protector service provided by Akamai.
This service is used to check every request for possible security risks.
This protects our web page against external threats.
To ensure this, all data traffic between you and us is routed through Akamai's servers and IT infrastructure.
Akamai states that it does not store any personal data.
Our web page also uses "mPulse".
This sets a cookie on your end device, which helps us to measure and check the web page's response speed.
This may result in the data recorded being passed on to Akamei.
To provide product updates in MyTRUMPF for downloading, we use Akamai's "Download Delivery" product.
Here too, it is possible that your personal data may be processed by Akamai.
When your data is processed, your data may, as described above, be transmitted for a limited period outside of the EEA, for example, to the United States of America (art.
49 para.
1 lit a GDPR), where the high European standards of data protection do not apply.
This means that the authorities can have access to the data for control and monitoring purposes, against which it may not be possible to exercise effective legal remedy or to assert the rights of the persons concerned.
Additional information can be found at .
The legal basis for the processing of your data as part of the CDN is art.
6 para.
1 lit b GDPR.
The legal basis for the processing of your data as part of mPulse is art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a GDPR.
Data is transmitted to Akamei on the basis of suitable guarantees providing the affected persons enforceable rights and effective legal redress.
We have ensured this via EU standard data protection agreements.
Safety.
The TRUMPF Group takes all required technical and organizational security measures in order to protect your personal data against loss or misuse.
Your data will be stored in a safe operating environment to which the public has no access.
In certain cases, your personal data will be encrypted during transmission by so-called Transport Layer Security technology (TSL).
This means that data protected by TSL is communicated between your computer and our servers by using a recognized encryption procedure if your browser supports TSL.
We use Ingenico Payment Services GmbH ( to offer you absolute security of your credit card data.
This data is not stored on our servers, but is processed directly by the relevant payment institution.
If you wish to contact us by e-mail, we would like to point out that the confidentiality of the transmitted information is not guaranteed.
The content of e-mails can be viewed by third parties.
Therefore, we recommend that you send us confidential information exclusively by post.
Google Maps.
We use Google Maps (a service from Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland) on our website to show the location of our sites in the Google Maps plug-in.
When using Google Maps, data which is necessary for this use is forwarded, along with additional data.
When your data is processed, it may be (for a limited time) that your data is transmitted outside of the EEA, for example, to the United States of America (art.
49 para.
1 lit a GDPR), where the high European standards of data protection do not apply.
This means that the authorities can have access to the data for control and monitoring purposes, against which it may not be possible to exercise effective legal remedy or to assert the rights of the persons concerned.
This can be, for example, device-related information or log file data from servers, including IP addresses or data from the browser's web storage.
In this regard, Google writes.
"Under certain circumstances, we connect personal data from one service with information and personal data from other Google services.
".
You can find additional information and details in the data protection conditions for Google services (.
Font Awesome.
These web pages use external fonts from Font Awesome (Fonticons, Inc.
710 Blackhorn Dr Carl Junction, 64834, Mo, USA).
These web fonts are incorporated when a server is accessed.
generally a server from Font Awesome in the USA.
This will inform the server about which of our websites you have visited.
Font Awesome will also store the IP address of the browser of the final device used by the person visiting these web pages.
When your data is processed, it may be (for a limited time) that your data is transmitted outside of the EEA, for example, to the United States of America (art.
49 para.
1 lit a GDPR), where the high European standards of data protection do not apply.
This means that the authorities can have access to the data for control and monitoring purposes, against which it may not be possible to exercise effective legal remedy or to assert the rights of the persons concerned.
Additional information about Font Awesome's data protection policy can be found here.
.
Hotjar.
We analyze movement, clicking, and swiping behavior on our website on a randomized basis, in order to improve the design of our pages.
To do this, we use the Hotjar service, which randomly records a small portion of the session.
Hotjar will store this information under a pseudonymized user profile.
When your data is processed, it may be (for a limited time) that your data is transmitted outside of the EEA, for example, to the United States of America (art.
49 para.
1 lit a GDPR), where the high European standards of data protection do not apply.
This means that the authorities can have access to the data for control and monitoring purposes, against which it may not be possible to exercise effective legal remedy or to assert the rights of the persons concerned.
The information is used by neither Hotjar nor us to identify individual users.
The data is anonymized, stored, and deleted after 365 days.
Additional information can be found in Hotjar's data protection policy.
.
You can object to the storing of a user profile and information about your visit on our website by Hotjar, as well as the setting of a Hotjar tracking cookie on other websites, via this link.
.
E-mail marketing (mailings).
In order to optimally cater to your needs and interests, your e-mail address will be used by different companies from the TRUMPF Group for the purposes of advertising.
We use the TRUMPF newsletter and other mailings to inform you about us and our offers.
To manage our e-mail marketing efficiently, your data is used within the Group.
If you register via our website, we will verify your identity by means of a confirmation e-mail in a double-opt-in process.
Subscription to mailings can be modified at any time, or canceled with immediate effect without giving a reason.
To do this, please click on the "personal profile" link which is located at the end of the mailing, or send an e-mail to In your personal profile you can cancel the subscription entirely, or modify and supplement the information you have provided.
Additionally, subscriptions to individual areas of interest can be edited or deselected.
We use the tool Episerver Campaign (Episerver GmbH, Wallstraße 16, 10179 Berlin, Germany) for our e-mail processes.
By setting a tracking pixel when you open our e-mails, information which allows us to evaluate the user behavior (opening the e-mail, e-mail address, time, IP address) is retrieved.
The links in our e-mails are designed in such a way that we can trace whether they have been clicked on.
Using this information we can adapt our offers to better suit your interests.
Participating in competitions.
By participating in competitions, the participant expressly consents to the TRUMPF Group storing the required data for the period of the competition and afterwards, to carry out the competition.
Participants also consent to the publishing of their full name on the participating web pages, in the event that they win.
There is no claim to such publication.
The data collected as part of the competition will also only be used by the TRUMPF Group in the legally permissible scope for advertising products.
The data will not be forwarded to third parties.
Social plug-ins for Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn.
On our website, what are called social plug-ins ("plug-ins") of the social networks Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn are used.
These services are provided by the companies Facebook Inc.
, Twitter Inc.
and LinkedIn Inc.
("providers").
During the processing of your data, your personal data may be transferred to the USA.
There is no adequacy decision for the US issued by the European Commission.
Therefore, it cannot be guaranteed that your personal data is adequately protected by appropriate safeguards.
In particular, there is a risk that your personal data may be processed in the US for other purposes (in particular by security authorities or intelligence services) and that you may not have or may not claim the same data protection rights as in the European Union.
Facebook is provided by the Facebook Inc.
, 1601 S.
California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”).
You can find an overview of the plug-ins from Facebook and what they look like here.
.
Twitter is provided by the Twitter Inc.
, 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA ("Twitter“).
You can find an overview of the Twitter buttons and what they look like here.
.
LinkedIn is provided by the LinkedIn Inc.
, 2029 Stierlin Ct, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("LinkedIn“).
You can find information on the "inShare" button of LinkedIn and settings for privacy protection here.
.
To improve data protection when visiting our website, the social media buttons are integrated as simple HTML links.
Through a script, the social media service providers (such as Facebook, Twitter) are queried how often a page has been shared or tweeted.
The query is made possible by interfaces between the TRUMPF servers or their service providers and the social media service providers.
Therefore, when you simply load the page and the buttons located there, your IP address is not transmitted.
Transmission takes place only when you press one of the social media buttons.
If you are logged on to one of the social networks, the providers can assign the visit of our website directly to your profile at Facebook or Google+.
If you interact with the buttons and, for example, use the "Like" button, the "Twitter" button or the "inShare" button, the corresponding information is also transferred directly to a server of the provider and stored there.
The information is also published in the social network or on your Twitter account and displayed to your contacts there.
You can find the purpose and scope of the data acquisition as well as the further processing and use of the data by the provider and your corresponding rights and setting options for the protection of your privacy in the data protection information of the provider.
Data protection information from Facebook.
.
Data protection information from Twitter.
.
Data protection information from LinkedIn.
.
If you do not want Facebook, Twitter or LinkedIn to assign the data collected via our website directly to your profile in the corresponding service, you must log off before activating the plug-ins at the relevant service.
".
Questions using the contact forms.
At different areas of our website (under "contact"), visitors have the option to send us questions relating to our products.
By clicking the "send" button, you agree to the collection, processing, and use of your data.
The data is processed, stored and used to handle your query.
For inquiries from the business environment (B2B), it will also be used for the purposes of advertising, if this is permissible without needing consent.
You can object to this use at any time using the contact data listed above.
We delete user data once questions have been handled.
Upload of content via the website / email.
You can upload drawings or images onto our website or have them uploaded via our marketing department.
The uploaded content will be erased at the end of the business relationship.
By uploading or transferring this content to TRUMPF, you declare that you own the necessary rights.
Registration for digital events.
You have the option of booking digital events via our website.
The data entered when booking a digital event is used for preparation and execution of events.
We will store the login data you enter (email address and your self-selected password) for future bookings.
Of course, the password is not stored in plain text but as a hash value.
We will store your data until you notify us of your desire to have your data erased.
We will erase your data automatically if a booking is not made over a longer period of time.
MyTRUMPF.
The notes on data protection listed below under the "MyTRUMPF" tab apply additionally for the use of the MyTRUMPF customer portal.
The general instructions, in particular in relation to your rights, also apply for the use of MyTRUMPF.
Registration for MyTRUMPF.
You must register with our customer portal in order to use MyTRUMPF.
During the registration, we will process the information you provide during the registration process.
All information required for the registration process is specifically indicated.
You can also provide further data, beyond the necessary information, on a voluntary basis.
We will use your data within the framework of your registration activation, as well as to identify you as the contact person of a customer and to display customer-specific content.
During registration, you as a person will be assigned to one of our customers.
Other employees of your company can access your information stored in MyTRUMPF using this allocation.
The exception is of course the password you select, which we store as a hash value and cannot view in plain text.
However, third parties have no access.
If we activate the MyTRUMPF User Admin function for your company, the customer administrator authorized for your company can view the information you have provided during registration (see notes under "MyTRUMPF User Admin").
Before activating the account, we check all business partners to ensure they are not listed on published sanction lists.
A service provider selected by us carries out this check.
The name listed during registration is checked to ensure it is not included in the sanction lists.
We will block the account if we determine that the name is listed in a sanction list.
The check is carried out regularly even after registration due to the fact that the sanction lists are constantly updated.
We will store the status of the check.
We carry out the check on the basis of our legitimate interest, art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f GDPR.
Our legitimate interests consist in ensuring that TRUMPF does not do business with persons included on a sanction list.
You are welcome to get in touch with our data protection officer to find out which lists TRUMPF checks specifically.
TRUMPF has a representative in some countries.
If this is the case, the representative is given access to the personal data you have provided.
We use contractual regulations to ensure with the representatives that the processing of your data is in line with data protection standards.
Apart from that, your data is only processed for your MyTRUMPF account and is deleted at the latest one year after the account has been deactivated.
The legal basis for the processing of the information deemed to be necessary is art.
6 para.
1 lit.
b GDPR.
The legal basis for the provision and processing of your voluntary information is your consent, art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a GDPR.
MyTRUMPF log-in.
MyTRUMPF can only be accessed after the log-in process has been completed.
During the log-in procedure, we process your e-mail address and the password stored as a hash value so that we are able to identify you as the contact person of our customer.
This ensures that only authorized users have access to our platform.
During the log-in process, we check the status of the sanction list check by comparing it with the data in our system.
We do not check the sanction lists.
Only the authorization status is read out.
The legal basis for the processing of your data during the log-in procedure is art.
6 para.
1 lit.
b GDPR.
We carry out the status comparison of the sanction lists' checks on the basis of our legitimate interest, art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f GDPR.
Password recovery.
You can reset your password with the Recover Password function.
You will have to enter the e-mail address you used during registration to do so.
After entering the e-mail address, you will receive a link from us which you can use to create a new password.
We will store the password you select as a hash value and not in plain text.
Third parties have no access, however.
Legal basis for the processing of your e-mail address is art.
6 para.
1 lit b GDPR.
MyTRUMPF User Admin.
We make it possible for customers to manage access to MyTRUMPF with the "MyTRUMPF User Admin" function.
We activate the MyTRUMPF User Admin function in agreement with our customers on an individual basis.
Other members of the company can be invited to participate in MyTRUMPF User Admin.
The e-mail address of the other members of the company must be entered for this.
The invited members then receive an e-mail with a link to activate the account.
If the link for account activation is not used within 30 days of being sent, the account to be activated will then be automatically deleted.
The MyTRUMPF User Admin can access the personal data of members of their own organization.
However, access to personal data of users from other organizations is not possible.
The MyTRUMPF User Admin is also authorized to activate or reject members from their own organization.
Legal basis for the processing is art.
6 para.
1 lit b GDPR.
Upload of content.
You can upload drawings or images using your MyTRUMPF account.
The uploaded content can be viewed by all MyTRUMPF accounts of the same organization.
Uploaded content is stored by TRUMPF until it is erased by you or at the end of the business relationship.
By uploading the content, you declare that you possess the necessary rights.
Report service cases.
In the MyTRUMPF customer portal, you can report service cases for your TRUMPF products.
Any data entered as part of the message and all subsequent communications via MyTRUMPF will be stored.
Mandatory fields are marked.
The amount of the data stored depends on the information you provide.
TRUMPF processes your data for analysis and remedial action for the registered service case.
Please remember that any personal information provided within the course of a service case registration can be viewed by other members of your company.
If you report a service case via the TRUMPF Service app, the corresponding notes for the TRUMPF Service app additionally apply.
Your data, including billing or other legal requirements, will be deleted when its storage is no longer needed for the purposes listed above.
Legal basis for the processing is art.
6 para.
1 lit b GDPR.
Orders in the E-Shop.
You have access to the TRUMPF E-Shops within your MyTRUMPF account.
The data which is provided as part of orders from the E-Shops is used to fulfill these orders and then saved in accordance with the legally stipulated retention periods – for example, 10 years for taxation purposes.
Furthermore, the data is used for advertising purposes by the TRUMPF Group, if this is legally permissible without requiring consent from the parties concerned.
You can opt out of this use at any time using the contact data listed above.
CONSENT.
TRUMPF analyzes the user's order process to check for a possible cancellation of the order process.
This data is then evaluated by TRUMPF.
TRUMPF uses the data obtained in this manner to get in touch with a user.
You hereby agree to TRUMPF carrying out the aforementioned analysis and that TRUMPF may use the insights acquired to contact you.
You can revoke your consent at any time.
Information on exercising the right to revoke consent can be found in the data protection statement under "Your rights".
The legal basis for the processing of data provided during ordering is art.
6 para.
1 lit.
b GDPR.
Your consent is the legal basis for the evaluation process described, art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a GDPR.
The notes on data protection which can be downloaded from the app apply for orders using our Easy Order app.
Booking training courses.
You can book training courses offered by TRUMPF via your MyTRUMPF account.
An active MyTRUMPF account is required to make a booking.
The data entered when making a booking is used for preparation and execution of training courses and to contact participants.
We provide assessments as part of our training courses.
If you participate in the assessments, the data you provide for this will be stored and evaluated.
A test result is subsequently determined using this data.
The test results are transmitted to the participant's employer once the assessment has been completed.
When booking training courses, you can upload a photograph of yourself on a voluntary basis.
If conclusions concerning particular categories of personal data can be drawn from the photograph (for example, a person wearing glasses), your consent expressly includes this data as well.
Your contact data will be used to make you aware of further offers from TRUMPF if you agree to this when booking a training course.
The legal basis for the processing of data provided when booking training courses is art.
6 para.
1 lit.
b GDPR.
We process your voluntarily uploaded photograph based on your consent in accordance with art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a GDPR and/or art.
9 para.
2 lit.
a GDPR.
Contact.
Locations.
Events and dates for your calendar.
Registration for newsletter.
MyTRUMPF.
Safety data sheets.
Machines & systems.
Lasers.
Power electronics.
Power tools.
Smart Factory.
Software.
Services.
Applications.
Industries.
Careers.
Vacancies.
Company profile.
Management Board.
Annual report.
Company Principles.
Compliance.
Security.
Press releases.
Magazine.
Education.
Employees.
Culture.
Company.
Products and supply chain.
Environment.
Corporate information.
Data protection.
Copyright.
Terms and Conditions.
Privacy settings.
© 2022                TRUMPF.
