close.
United States closeEuropeAustriaGermanyHungaryNordicPortugalSpain FranceGreat BritainNetherlandsPolandSwitzerland AmericaArgentinaBrasilMexicoUnited States AsiaChina IndiaIndonesiaSingapore.
close.
EuropeAustriaGermanyHungaryNordicPortugalSpain.
Europe.
Austria.
Germany.
Hungary.
Nordic.
Portugal.
Spain.
FranceGreat BritainNetherlandsPolandSwitzerland.
France.
Great Britain.
Netherlands.
Poland.
Switzerland.
AmericaArgentinaBrasilMexicoUnited States.
America.
Argentina.
Brasil.
Mexico.
United States.
AsiaChina IndiaIndonesiaSingapore.
Asia.
China.
India.
Indonesia.
Singapore.
Advisory.
Digital.
Cloud Services.
Security.
Industries.
Success Stories.
Advisory.
Digital.
Cloud Services.
Security.
Industries.
Success Stories.
Sustainability.
Careers.
Overview.
Industries Advisory.
Transformation & Innovation Advisory.
Operations & Performance Advisory.
Technology Advisory.
Overview.
Digital Business Transformation Digital Business Transformation  Overview   Big Data Analytics  New Work New Work  Overview  Enterprise Content Management.
Overview.
Big Data Analytics.
New Work New Work  Overview  Enterprise Content Management.
Overview.
Enterprise Content Management.
IoT & Smart Technologies IoT & Smart Technologies  Overview   Smart Factory  Track & Trace Track & Trace  Overview   Low Cost Tracker     Data Intelligence Hub  Remote monitoring of machines.
Overview.
Smart Factory.
Track & Trace Track & Trace  Overview   Low Cost Tracker.
Overview.
Low Cost Tracker.
Data Intelligence Hub.
Remote monitoring of machines.
SAP Solutions SAP Solutions  Overview   Digital Transformation with SAP S/4HANA  Multi-cloud for SAP  Digital transformation with SAP  SAP® on AWS.
Overview.
Digital Transformation with SAP S/4HANA.
Multi-cloud for SAP.
Digital transformation with SAP.
SAP® on AWS.
Intelligent Enterprise.
Overview.
Manage IT Efficiently Manage IT Efficiently  Overview   VMware Cloud on AWS  Future cloud infrastructure  Multi and hybrid cloud management Multi and hybrid cloud management  Overview   Managed Cloud Services for Azure  Managed Cloud Services for VMware     Classic Hosting  Mainframe Services  Multi Cloud Connectivity Platform  Cloud Native Security Managed EDI Services.
Overview.
VMware Cloud on AWS.
Future cloud infrastructure.
Multi and hybrid cloud management Multi and hybrid cloud management  Overview   Managed Cloud Services for Azure  Managed Cloud Services for VMware.
Overview.
Managed Cloud Services for Azure.
Managed Cloud Services for VMware.
Classic Hosting.
Mainframe Services.
Multi Cloud Connectivity Platform.
Cloud Native Security.
Managed EDI Services.
New Business Models New Business Models  Cloud Migration Framework Secure Cloud Communication Services Cloud Billing.
Cloud Migration Framework.
Secure Cloud Communication Services.
Cloud Billing.
Securing Applications Securing Applications  Overview   Content migration  Managed Application Retirement Services.
Overview.
Content migration.
Managed Application Retirement Services.
Topic-Specials Topic-Specials  Stable IT Operations.
Stable IT Operations.
Overview.
Automotive Automotive  Overview   Automotive Innovations  Future Engineering.
Overview.
Automotive Innovations.
Future Engineering.
Manufacturing industry Manufacturing industry  Overview   Supply Chain Management  Product Lifecycle Management.
Overview.
Supply Chain Management.
Product Lifecycle Management.
Public Sector Public Sector  Overview   Smart City.
Overview.
Smart City.
Travel, Transport and Logistic Travel, Transport and Logistic  Overview   Smart Logistics.
Overview.
Smart Logistics.
Healthcare Healthcare  Overview   Data Protection for Enterprise Imaging  Cloud in the Healthcare Sector.
Overview.
Data Protection for Enterprise Imaging.
Cloud in the Healthcare Sector.
Energy.
Overview.
Digital Success Stories Digital Success Stories  Overview   Stahl.
growth through SAP migration  Better safety in local transport thanks to thermal scanners  Beijing Airport  Smart City Gijón  Schwan Cosmetics.
Machines Service with AR  Grupo Schettino.
SAP S/4HANA  Transport security for Quehenberger Logistics.
Overview.
Stahl.
growth through SAP migration.
Better safety in local transport thanks to thermal scanners.
Beijing Airport.
Smart City Gijón.
Schwan Cosmetics.
Machines Service with AR.
Grupo Schettino.
SAP S/4HANA.
Transport security for Quehenberger Logistics.
Cloud Services Success Stories Cloud Services Success Stories  Overview   MIKA.
hospital from the public cloud  Hybrid cloud for Continental  Retrofit Daimler  BR Matozinhos.
SAP landscape migration to AWS  Valora.
New business models through the private cloud  Celulose Irani.
Basis for IoT & Industrie 4.
0  New data center in 30 hours.
Overview.
MIKA.
hospital from the public cloud.
Hybrid cloud for Continental.
Retrofit Daimler.
BR Matozinhos.
SAP landscape migration to AWS.
Valora.
New business models through the private cloud.
Celulose Irani.
Basis for IoT & Industrie 4.
0.
New data center in 30 hours.
Analyst Ratings.
Overview.
Job search.
Recruitment Disclaimer.
Why T-Systems Why T-Systems  Overview   Your development  Our benefits  Work-life balance  Our culture  How to apply Job search.
Overview.
Your development.
Our benefits.
Work-life balance.
Our culture.
How to apply.
Job search.
Professionals Professionals  Overview  Job search.
Overview.
Job search.
Students and graduates Students and graduates  Overview   Trainee program in Germany  Internship Job search.
Overview.
Trainee program in Germany.
Internship.
Job search.
About T-Systems.
Events.
Newsroom.
Partners.
Analysts & Advisors.
Locations.
Contact.
Overview.
Profile.
Board of Management.
Innovation Management.
Certificates.
In Focus In Focus  Advance digitalization through the cloud  Sustainability at T-Systems.
Advance digitalization through the cloud.
Sustainability at T-Systems.
Data privacy.
General.
T-Systems International GmbH and its subsidiary T-Systems North America, Inc.
attach great importance to protecting your personal data.
We always inform you what personal data we collect, how your data is used, and how you can influence the process.
1.
What data is recorded, how is it used, and how long is it stored.
a)    Technical characteristics.
When you visit our websites, the web server temporarily records the domain name or your computer’s IP address, the file requested (file name and URL) by the client, the http response code, and the website from which you are visiting us.
The recorded data is used solely for data security purposes, particularly to protect against attempted attacks on our web server (Article 6 (1f) GDPR).
We do not use it to create individual user profiles nor do we share this information with third parties.
It is erased after seven days at the latest.
We reserve the right to statistically analyze anonymized data records.
b)   Miscellaneous.
Additional personal data, such as your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address, is not collected unless you provide this information voluntarily.
Here you will find further information on the topic newsletter.
2.
Will my usage habits be evaluated, e.
g.
for advertising purposes or tracking.
Explanations and definitionsWe want you to enjoy using our websites and take advantage of our products and services.
We have an economic interest in ensuring this is the case.
We analyze your usage habits on the basis of anonymized or pseudonymized data so you can find the products that interest you and so we can make our websites user-friendly.
Deutsche Telekom or its contract data processors create usage profiles that comply with the legal requirements.
This information cannot be traced back to you directly.
The following information is intended to provide you with general information on the various purposes of processing data.
The cookie message displayed when visiting our webpages gives you the opportunity to permit or reject the use of cookies.
Cookies that are strictly necessary to provide the web service cannot be rejected (see explanation at 1.
above).
Tag management (strictly necessary)Tag management allows us to manage the use of tools on the different web pages of our web portal.
A tag is set for each page to do this.
The tag content determines which tools will be used for this page.
Tag management is used to assure that the tools are in each individual case only used where appropriate.
Market research / Reach measurement (opt-in)Reach measurement provides statistics on a website’s usage intensity and the number of users, along with comparable figures for all the connected services.
Market research is designed to learn more about the target groups that use services or applications and view advertisements.
Individual users are not identified at any time.
Your identity is always protected.
Profiles for a user-geared presentation of the web portal (opt-in)The compilation of clickstream analyses assists us in continuously improving our web pages.
The clickstream corresponds to your movement on the websites.
Analyzing the movement provides us with an insight into usage habits on our websites.
This allows us to detect any existing structural deficiencies in our web pages and thereby improve them accordingly.
Profiles for personalized recommendations (opt-in)Deutsche Telekom would like to offer you individually targeted and personalized take-action and click recommendations for special offers, services or products.
This involves our service providers compiling a pseudonymous profile about the services and websites accessed by you and assigning categories to the profile.
The system displays content or information that matches your profile.
a)    Required cookiesThese cookies are required to enable you to navigate through the web pages and use key functions.
They support basic functions, such as order processing in the online shop and access to secured areas of the web page.
They also serve the purpose of performing an anonymous analysis of user patterns, which we use to continuously develop and improve our web pages for you.
The legal basis for these cookies is Article 6 (1) b GDPR respectively for third Countries Art.
49 (1) b GDPR.
T-Systems.
Operation.
Session Cookie.
Germany.
T-Systems.
Forms.
Session Cookie.
Germany.
T-Systems.
CMS functionality.
Session Cookie.
Germany.
Tealium.
Tag management.
Cookie (12 month).
Netherlands.
Mapp(formerly Webtrekk).
Cookie (6 month).
Germany.
b)    Analytical cookiesThese cookies help us to improve our understanding of user behavior.
Analysis cookies allow for the compilation of usage and identification data by the original provider or third party providers into pseudonymous usage profiles.
We use analysis cookies e.
g.
to determine the number of individual visitors to a web page or a service, to collect statistical data on the performance of our products and to analyze the visitors’ usage patterns and visitor interactions on the basis of anonymous and pseudonymous information.
This information cannot be traced back to a person.
The legal basis for these cookies is Article 6 (1) a GDPR respectively for third Countries Art.
49 (1) a GDPR.
Cookie (30 days).
Germany.
Cookie settings.
You can revisit your Cookie settings at any time to manage your preferences.
c)    Marketing cookies/retargeting.
These cookies and similar technologies are used to enable the display of personalized and therefore relevant marketing content.
Marketing cookies are used to serve interesting web content and to measure the effectiveness of our campaigns.
This happens not only in Apps or on Telekom webpages, but also on the pages of other advertising partners (third party providers).
This is also called retargeting.
It is used to create pseudonymous content or ad profiles, to the placement of relevant advertising on other websites and to derive insights into target groups that have viewed the ads and content.
This information cannot be traced back to a person.
Marketing and retargeting cookies assist us in serving you advertising content that is potentially relevant for you.
By suppressing marketing cookies, you will continue to see the same number of ads, but they may be less relevant for your interests.
The legal basis for these cookies is Article 6 (1) a GDPR respectively for third Countries Art.
49 (1) a GDPR.
Advertising.
Cookie (30 days).
Germany.
Cookie settings.
You can revisit your Cookie settings at any time to manage your preferences.
d)    Services by other companies (independent third party providers)Some of our web pages feature services of third party providers, who bear the sole responsibility for their services.
When you visit one of our web pages, cookies or similar technologies may collect data and send it to third parties.
Some of the data may be transmitted for Deutsche Telekom’s own purposes.
The legal basis for these cookies is Article 6 (1) a GDPR respectively for third Countries Art.
49 (1) a GDPR.
The scope, purpose and legal basis on which further processing is carried out for the third party’s own purposes can be found in the third party’s data privacy information.
Information about these independent third party providers can be found in the following.
GoogleWe use Google Maps for maps, locations and route planning on individual websites, e.
g.
in the Store Locator, which you can access via the tab “Service” and menu item “Shops” on the top section of Deutsche Telekom’s product pages.
Google Maps is operated by Google Inc.
, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States.
By embedding Google Maps your IP address is transferred directly to Google and a cookie stored as soon as you visit this kind of website.
You can obtain information and opt out at any time from data processing by Google at .
We use the remarketing and Google AdWords function from Google Inc.
(“Google”) on our websites.
This function is implemented via a cookie and is used to present website users with web advertising tailored to their interests as part of the Google advertising network.
Users can then be shown on these pages advertisements which relate to content users have accessed previously on websites that use the Google remarketing function.
According to its own statements, Google does not collect any personal data with this process.
If you, however, do not want to use Google’s remarketing function, you can disable this permanently by adjusting the relevant settings at  Alternatively you can disable the use of cookies for targeted advertising via the advertising network initiative by following the instructions at  Further information on Google remarketing and Google’s privacy policy is available at.
policies.
google.
com/technologies/ads.
hl=de/.
If you access our websites via a Google ad, Google AdWords stores a cookie on your computer.
This cookie becomes invalid after 30 days.
No conclusions can be drawn about you as a person.
We use the information collected with the aid of this conversion cookie to create statistics about our conversion rate.
This means that we find out how many users came to our websites via a Google ad and acquire a product within 30 days.
If you do not wish to participate in the tracking process, you can disable cookies for conversion tracking by specifying in your browser settings that cookies from the relevant domain are to be blocked.
Google AdWords.
googleadservices.
com.
LinkedInThe re-targeting and conversion tracking of LinkedIn (LinkedIn Ireland, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland) using the LinkedIn Insight tag allows the collection of statistical, pseudonymous data (referrer URL, IP address (abbreviated), device and browser properties) about the website visit and use of our website and to provide corresponding aggregated statistics on this basis.
In addition, this information is used to display interest-specific and relevant offers and recommendations after you have been interested in certain products, information and offers on our website.
This information is stored in a cookie for 6 months.
You can inform yourself at any time about the data processing by LinkedIn at  and object to this.
Cookie settings.
You can revisit your Cookie settings at any time to manage your preferences.
3.
Where can I find the information that is important to me.
This data privacy information provides an overview of the items which apply to T-Systems  processing your data in this web portal.
Further information, including information on data protection in general  is available at .
4.
Who is responsible for data processing.
Who should I contact if I have any queries regarding data privacy at Telekom.
To take advantage of your disclosure and deletion rights, please contact us at or by phone at 1-630-6100.
We may need to verify your identity to enable us to process your request.
We value your privacy and will not discriminate in response to your exercise of privacy rights.
5.
What rights do I have.
You have the right a)    To request information on the categories of personal data concerned, the purposes of the processing, any recipients of the data, and the envisaged storage period (Art.
15 GDPR).
b)    To request that incorrect or incomplete data be rectified or supplemented (Article 16 GDPR).
c)    To withdraw consent at any time with effect for the future (Art.
7 (3) GDPR).
d)    To object to the processing of data on the grounds of legitimate interests, for reasons relating to your particular situation (Article 21 (1) GDPR).
e)    To request the erasure of data in certain cases under Art.
17 GDPR – especially if the data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or is unlawfully processed, or you withdraw your consent according to (c) above or object according to (d) above.
f)    To demand, under certain circumstances, the restriction of data where erasure is not possible or the erasure obligation is disputed (Art.
18 GDPR).
g)    To data portability, i.
e.
, you can receive the data that you provided to us in a commonly used and machine-readable format such as CSV, and can, where necessary, transfer the data to others (Art.
20 GDPR).
6.
Who does T-Systems International GmbH pass my data on to.
To processors, i.
e.
, companies we engage to process data within the legally defined scope, Article 28 GDPR (service providers, agents).
In this case, Deutsche Telekom also remains responsible for protecting your data.
We engage companies particularly in the following areas.
IT, sales, marketing, finance, consulting, customer services, HR, logistics, and printing.
To cooperation partners who, on their own responsibility, provide services for you or in conjunction with your Deutsche Telekom contract.
This is the case if you order services of these partners from us, if you consent to the involvement of the partner, or if we involve the partner on the basis of legal permission.
Owing to legal obligations.
In certain cases, we are legally obliged to transfer certain data to a state authority that requests it.
7.
Where is my data processed.
Your data will be processed in Germany and other European countries.
If, in exceptional cases, your data is processed in countries outside the European Union (in so-called third countries), this will take place a)    if you have expressly consented to this (Article 49 (1) a GDPR).
(In most countries outside the EU, the level of data protection does not meet EU standards.
This concerns in particular comprehensive monitoring and control rights of state authorities, e.
g.
in the USA, which disproportionately interfere with the data protection of European citizens, b)    or to the extent necessary for our service provision to you (Article 49 (1) b GDPR), c)    or to the extent required by law (Article 49 (1) c GDPR).
Furthermore, your data will only be processed in third countries if certain measures ensure a suitable level of data protection (e.
g.
, EU Commission's adequacy decision or suitable guarantees, Art.
44 et seq.
GDPR).
© T-Systems International GmbH – March 2021.
T-Systems North America, Inc.
Prohibited Uses.
By using this website you agree not to.
use this website or its contents for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited herein.
resell any aspect of this website or services available on it.
bypass or circumvent measures we may use to prevent, interfere, or limit access to the website or any T-Systems network.
use this website to send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information.
use this website to intercept, collect or store personal information about other users.
spam other users or take other actions that may affect the operation or enjoyment of this website by other users.
access, monitor or copy any content or information on this website using any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means or any manual process.
decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software or content used in any part of this website or any T-Systems network.
send a virus or use any malicious programs or techniques in connection with this website.
overload or crash this website or any T-Systems server or network.
or.
engage in excessively high volume data transfers or bandwidth use, including without limitation by hosting a web server, internet relay chat server or any other server via any use of this website.
or.
infringe the copyrights or intellectual property rights of others.
Freedom of information.
Please send a request in writing to the relevant T-Systems company if you would like to know what personal data (e.
g.
name, address, etc.
) we have stored about you.
Privacy Notice Updates and Contact Information.
T-Systems may change the Privacy Notice to increase clarity, if it materially changes its practices, or if the law requires us to update the notice.
If we propose to use personal information in a materially different way, we will provide you with notice by posting notice of the changes on our Website for at least 30 days before we implement those changes, and obtain your consent as noted above for any material change regarding disclosure of personal information.
Security.
To protect your personal data saved by us against unauthorized access and misuse, we have implemented extensive technical and organizational measures.
Protecting Your Information.
We use a variety of physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure while it is under our control.
Of course, no one can guarantee that loss, misuse, or alteration of information will never occur, but we strive to prevent such occurrences.
Employee Access.
Our practices and procedures are designed to limit information access to those T-Systems employees and agents with a legitimate need for access.
T-Systems employees are bound by confidentiality obligations and our Code of Conduct, which obligate them to protect the confidentiality of our customers’ information.
Violations subject employees to disciplinary action, which can include termination.
Retention and Disposal.
We retain information only for as long as we have a business or tax need or as applicable laws, regulations, or government orders require.
When we dispose of personal information, we use reasonable procedures designed to erase or render it unreadable (for example, shredding documents and wiping electronic media).
Breach.
We will make attempts to notify you if we determine that a security breach involving your personal information has occurred and creates a risk of identity theft or service disruption, or as otherwise required by law.
Contacts.
Please direct any questions, suggestions or specific requests to change, freeze or delete your personal data to T-Systems or, if known, directly to the Data Privacy Officer at .
Intellectual Property Rights.
Except for submissions, this website and its content, software, and services (together, “Materials”) are the property of T-Systems and its suppliers and is protected by copyright, trademark, service mark, and other proprietary or intellectual property rights (“Intellectual Property Rights”).
We reserve all of our rights in the Materials.
If any service on this website includes the provision of a specific IP address, URL or other designation for your use, you acknowledge and agree that you will not receive any proprietary or ownership rights in such designation.
Trademarks and Service Marks.
The trademarks, service marks, logos, designs, icons, graphics, product and service names, company names and other source identifiers displayed or presented on this website are registered or unregistered trademarks of T-Systems, its suppliers or other third parties, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without prior written permission of T-Systems or their relevant owners.
Nothing contained in this site may be construed as a grant of a license or right of use of any trademark displayed in this site without the prior express written permission of T-Systems or its relevant owner, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise.
A reference to any products, services, processes, or other information does not constitute or imply any endorsement, affiliation, sponsorship, approval or recommendation by T-Systems.
Claims of Copyright Infringement/DMCA Notices.
T-Systems respects the Intellectual Property Rights of others and is committed to complying with U.
S.
Copyright laws.
Our policy is to respond to notices of alleged infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (“DMCA”).
The DMCA provides recourse for owners of copyrighted material who believe their rights under U.
S.
copyright law have been infringed on the Internet.
If you believe that material available on this website or residing on our system or network infringes a copyright of yours or a third party for whom you are authorized to act, please notify us at by using the procedures described in the DMCA.
After receiving notice, we may remove or disable access to any infringing material as provided for in the DMCA.
Miscellaneous.
We may change the terms above without advance notice.
Please visit this page periodically to see the most current version that governs your use.
If any part of these terms is determined to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason under relevant law, then that part will be deemed replaced with a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision, and the remainder will continue in full force and effect.
T-Systems’ failure to enforce strict performance of any part of these Terms of Use does not waive any of our rights.
California.
California Consumer Privacy Act Privacy Statement (“CCPA Statement”).
This CCPA Statement is provided pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and applies to California residents and supplements our overall statement with additional disclosures and rights.
Your rights under CCPA.
As of January 1, 2020, California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their personal information is shared with third-parties or affiliated companies for direct marketing purposes.
California residents may also take advantage of the following rights.
You may request, up to two times each year, that we disclose to you the categories and specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which your personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information, the categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose, any categories of personal information about you that we sold, the categories of third-parties with whom we have shared your personal information, and the business or commercial purpose for selling your personal information, if applicable.
You may request that we delete any personal information that we have collected from or about you.
Notwithstanding, there are some reasons we will not be able to fully address your deletion request, such as if we need to complete a transaction for you, to detect and protect against fraudulent and illegal activity, to exercise our rights, or to comply with a legal obligation.
Your authorized agent may submit a request on your behalf, after submission of proof of authorization, in accordance with California law.
To take advantage of your disclosure and deletion rights, please contact us at or by phone at 1-630-6100.
We may need to verify your identity to enable us to process your request.
We value your privacy and will not discriminate in response to your exercise of privacy rights.
Disclosures.
For purposes of compliance with the CCPA, in addition to the further details as described in the statement, we make the following disclosures.
We collect the following categories of personal information.
Identifiers/Contact Information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, and inferences drawn from the above.
We disclose the following categories of personal information for a business purpose.
Identifiers/Contact Information, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information and inferences drawn from the above.
youtube.
linkedin.
Newsletter.
Customer Magazine.
News.
Media Relations.
Imprint.
Contact.
Data Privacy.
Disclaimer.
Terms and Conditions.
Contact.
Newsletter.
Close.
