SoftwareTwikBotTwikFitLaddy3D visualizerLiveCreateAdmin Portal.
TwikBot.
TwikFit.
Laddy.
3D visualizer.
Live.
Create.
Admin Portal.
ApplicationsAutomotiveOrthoticsSports and protective gearBuilding & Interior.
Automotive.
Orthotics.
Sports and protective gear.
Building & Interior.
Newsroom.
Events.
AboutAbout TwikitJoin the team.
About Twikit.
Join the team.
Plan a demo.
Twikit.
Privacy Policy.
Last revised on November 26th, 2019.
1.
General.
Twikit, a public company (naamloze vennootschap) with registered office at Uitbreidingstraat 60 – 62, 2600 Antwerpen, incorporated under Belgian law and registered with the Crossroads Bank of Enterprises under number 0500.
986.
687 (LER Antwerp, section Antwerp) (“Twikit”, “we”, “us”), collects data when you use the following website.
(the”Website“) or any subdomains accessible through the Website, and/or when you interact with or utilize services offered on the aforementioned Website.
You may not always be aware of it, but using our Website may imply sharing Personal Data (as defined below).
You provide part of this data directly, for example when you subscribe for a demo or when you ask us to contact you.
We also collect information about you by recording how you interact with our Website, for example by using technologies like cookies, and receiving usage data (for more information on “cookies” please consult our cookie policy on .
According to the legal definition in Privacy Regulation (as defined hereinafter), Personal Data means any information relating to an identified or an identifiable natural person (“Personal Data”).
It is sufficient for data to be regarded as Personal Data if the data allows us to make a direct or indirect link between one or more data on the one hand and a natural person on the other hand.
We believe the protection of your privacy is very important and would like to provide clarity, and, hence, we have prepared this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”).
We will only use your Personal Data for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy and we will not disclose your Personal Data to any natural person, legal person, or entity other than Twikit NV and its affiliates (“Third Party”), unless set out in section 5 of this Privacy Policy.
The collection and processing of Personal Data is subject to strict legal conditions to give you, as a user of our Website, the necessary guarantees that your Personal Data will not be publicly disclosed in an unauthorized manner.
Each processing will therefore always be done in compliance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“General Data Protection Regulation”) and any other applicable privacy legislation (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Privacy Legislation”)).
This Privacy Policy applies to the relationship between you and Twikit NV.
We will only process, store and use your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in accordance with the provisions of the Privacy Legislation.
We assume that you have read this Privacy Policy before using our Website and understand that you have provided your consent to the collection and processing of your Personal Data by Twikit NV in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
2.
Personal Data that we collect.
We may collect various types of Personal Data and keep it on our servers, including among others.
browsing information (E.
g.
Which page you click, how long you stay on a (section of) a page, how long you stay on the website, which forms you fill out).
your name.
your email address.
and.
your company.
3.
What are the purposes of data collection and processing.
Your Personal Data may be used for the following purposes (collectively, the “Purpose”).
to enhance your browsing experience and provide for a more tailored experience overall.
to build and maintain our contact database for business development purposes.
to enhance our software products.
to submit a contact form, a form to obtain publications or other information issued by Twikit, to subscribe to newsletters or to apply for events.
to directly contact Twikit, or any of its affiliates.
to provide contact information to Twikit’s representatives or affiliates at events, meetings, or other contact moments.
and.
to use the Twikit platform and provide product information, either directly or indirectly through any of the customers of Twikit NV or partners whom have integrated its solution.
Furthermore, we have free access to your Personal Data, and may freely save and publish your Personal Data in the following cases.
to comply with applicable laws or regulations.
if a law enforcement authority or other government agency so requests.
for investigating suspicious, fraudulent or illegal activities.
to protect security and/or your rights or Twikit NV’s rights.
and/or.
for any other everyday business purposes.
4.
Security of your Personal Data.
We shall take reasonable administrative, technical and organizational measures, in accordance with the applicable Privacy Legislation, against unauthorized or illegal processing of Personal Data or unintentional loss, destruction or damage, unauthorized or illegal access, disclosure or use of Personal Data.
In some cases, your Personal Data will be shared with Third Parties, which must also take reasonable administrative, technical and organizational measures to protect the Personal Data.
Personal Data collected may be transferred to, stored and processed in your country of residence or any other country in which Twikit NV (including its affiliates), subcontractors or agents (may) maintain facilities, including the United States and countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
In the event that the Personal Data is transferred outside the European Economic Area, appropriate measures will be taken in accordance with article 45 to 47 of the General Data Protection Regulation.
In the event and as a result of the discovery or notification of an infringement on the safety of the Personal Data, or access thereto by an unauthorized person, we are legally obliged to notify you, if the infringement is likely to violate your privacy.
5.
Notification to Third Parties.
Unless otherwise specified on the Website, we will not sell, rent or in other manner disclose your Personal Data to Third Parties, except in the event that the business of this Website or a part of it including the Personal Data connected with it is sold, assigned or transferred.
Sometimes we use selected Third Parties to provide support services in connection with this Website or in the normal course of business.
Such Third Parties may, from time to time, have access to your Personal Data to enable them to provide those services to Twikit NV.
We require all companies providing such support services to meet the same standards of data protection as our own.
They are prohibited from using your Personal Data for their own purposes.
For the avoidance of doubt, we do not allow these Third-Party service providers to use your Personal Data for their own marketing activities.
6.
What are my rights as a data subject.
We want to guarantee a safe and lawful processing of Personal Data and we assure you that your Personal Data will be processed in a straightforward and lawful way.
This implies that the Personal Data will only be processed for the aforementioned, explicitly stated, and legal Purpose.
We furthermore assure that the Personal Data will always be processed in an adequate, relevant and non-excessive manner.
My right for information and access.
If you have questions or suggestions with regard to the processing of your Personal Data, provided you are able to prove your identity, you have the right to request information concerning the processing.
We will then provide you with access to your Personal Data that we process as well as the source of these Personal Data.
My right of rectification or erasure.
You have the right to have your Personal Data rectified, erased or amended, free of charge, and to correct inaccuracies, in the event that your Personal Data is incomplete or incorrect, or is being processed in an unlawful manner.
You have the right to request the erasure of incorrect data or data that is not relevant in such a manner.
You have the right to have your Personal Data erased without undue delay, free of charge, unless the Personal Data has to remain stored in accordance with a legal provision.
The erasure is predominantly related to visibility, which entails the possibility that the erased Personal Data will remain stored temporarily.
However, we will take any and all reasonable measures to erase all your Personal Data as fully and extensively as possible.
My right of transferability of Personal Data.
You have the right to request your Personal Data in a structured format.
My right to object or restrict the processing.
You can, at all times, object to the processing of your Personal Data, or request to restrict the processing of your Personal Data.
These rights may be exercised by contacting us through or by mail on the following address.
Uitbreidingstraat 60 – 62, 2600 Antwerpen.
My right to Data Portability.
Within the limits set forth in the Privacy Legislation, you may request the portability of your Personal Data, i.
e.
by obtaining that the Personal Data you have provided to Twikit will be returned to you or transferred to someone else of your choice, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
My option to file a complaint with the competent authority.
If you are not satisfied with the way we process your Personal Data, please let us know and we will investigate your concern using the above communication means.
You may also file a complaint to the competent data protection authority with the following contact details.
Privacy Commission/ Commission de la protection de la vie privée.
Rue de la Presse 35, 1000 Bruxelles.
02 274 48 00 or 02 274 48 79/ Fax.
02 274 48 35.
7.
Storage and removal of data.
We may retain information regarding you and your use of the Website, including Personal Data, for as long as reasonably needed taking into consideration (i) our need to answer queries and resolve problems, (ii) to provide you with improved and new services and (iii) to comply with legal requirements under applicable law(s).
This also implies that we shall be entitled to retain your Personal Data until we receive your request to unsubscribe through an opt-out sent by e-mail on or by writing to Twikit NV, Uitbreidingstraat 60 – 62, 2600 Antwerpen.
In any event we ensure that any and all of your Personal Data will be deleted within thirty (30) calendar days following such opt-out request.
8.
Updates or changes to our Privacy Policy.
If required, this Privacy Policy may be modified or updated to allow us to process your previously collected Personal Data for new purposes.
In such case, you will be informed about this via a notification on our Website that the Privacy Policy has been amended and you will be requested to agree to this.
Responsible for processing.
Twikit NV, with registered office at Uitbreidingstraat 60 – 62, 2600 Antwerpen.
E-mail.
.
Company.
Partners.
Careers.
About Twikit.
Contact.
Cookie policy (EU).
Terms & conditions.
