Products                                                                                Channels                                                                                    Messaging                                                    Send and receive text messagesSMSWhatsAppChat                                                        Programmable Voice                                                    Make, receive, and monitor calls around the world                                                        Video                                                    Build HD real-time video applications                                                        Twilio Live                                                    Build interactive audio and video live streaming experiences                                                        Email                                                    Deliver email messages reliably at scale                                                                Applications                                                                                    Twilio Flex                                                    Build with the most flexible cloud contact center                                                        Marketing Campaigns                                                    Create and manage email marketing campaigns                                                        Twilio Frontline                                                    Connect employees to customers securely from anywhere                                                        Account Security                                                    Prevent sign up fraud, account takeovers, and protect transactionsAuthyVerifyLookup                                                        Twilio Segment                                                    Unify your customer data to power personalized engagement                                                                Connectivity                                                                                    Internet of Things                                                    Connect IoT devices to global cellular networks                                                        Elastic SIP Trunking                                                    Deploy SIP trunks globally in minutes                                                        Phone Numbers                                                    Access local, national, and toll-free phone numbers                                                        Short Codes                                                    Send text and picture messages at scale.
Messaging                                                    Send and receive text messagesSMSWhatsAppChat.
Send and receive text messages.
Programmable Voice                                                    Make, receive, and monitor calls around the world.
Make, receive, and monitor calls around the world.
Video                                                    Build HD real-time video applications.
Build HD real-time video applications.
Twilio Live                                                    Build interactive audio and video live streaming experiences.
Build interactive audio and video live streaming experiences.
Email                                                    Deliver email messages reliably at scale.
Deliver email messages reliably at scale.
Twilio Flex                                                    Build with the most flexible cloud contact center.
Build with the most flexible cloud contact center.
Marketing Campaigns                                                    Create and manage email marketing campaigns.
Create and manage email marketing campaigns.
Twilio Frontline                                                    Connect employees to customers securely from anywhere.
Connect employees to customers securely from anywhere.
Account Security                                                    Prevent sign up fraud, account takeovers, and protect transactionsAuthyVerifyLookup.
Prevent sign up fraud, account takeovers, and protect transactions.
Twilio Segment                                                    Unify your customer data to power personalized engagement.
Unify your customer data to power personalized engagement.
Internet of Things                                                    Connect IoT devices to global cellular networks.
Connect IoT devices to global cellular networks.
Elastic SIP Trunking                                                    Deploy SIP trunks globally in minutes.
Deploy SIP trunks globally in minutes.
Phone Numbers                                                    Access local, national, and toll-free phone numbers.
Access local, national, and toll-free phone numbers.
Short Codes                                                    Send text and picture messages at scale.
Send text and picture messages at scale.
Solutions                                                                                By Department                                                                                    Marketing                                                    Keep customers engaged on any channel                                                        Operations                                                    Streamline workforce operations and customer fulfillmentAlerts & NotificationsIdentity & Verification                                                        Customer Service                                                    Deliver personalized customer experiences at scaleContact CenterIVR & Bots                                                                By Industry                                                                                    Financial Services                                                                                                            Retail                                                                                                            Hospitality                                                                                                            Real Estate                                                                                                            Healthcare                                                                                                                    By Business                                                                                    Enterprise                                                                                                            Startup                                                                                                            Nonprofit                                                                                                                    Resources                                                                                    The Current                                                    Discover how the world’s leading teams create and nurture meaningful customer relationships                                                        Customer Stories                                                    See what customers are building with Twilio                                                        Twilio Beta Center                                                    Discover our current beta programs and find out how you can participate                                                        A2P 10DLC                                                    Prepare for the new A2P 10DLC requirements.
Marketing                                                    Keep customers engaged on any channel.
Keep customers engaged on any channel.
Operations                                                    Streamline workforce operations and customer fulfillmentAlerts & NotificationsIdentity & Verification.
Streamline workforce operations and customer fulfillment.
Customer Service                                                    Deliver personalized customer experiences at scaleContact CenterIVR & Bots.
Deliver personalized customer experiences at scale.
Financial Services.
Retail.
Hospitality.
Real Estate.
Healthcare.
Enterprise.
Startup.
Nonprofit.
The Current                                                    Discover how the world’s leading teams create and nurture meaningful customer relationships.
Discover how the world’s leading teams create and nurture meaningful customer relationships.
Customer Stories                                                    See what customers are building with Twilio.
See what customers are building with Twilio.
Twilio Beta Center                                                    Discover our current beta programs and find out how you can participate.
Discover our current beta programs and find out how you can participate.
A2P 10DLC                                                    Prepare for the new A2P 10DLC requirements.
Prepare for the new A2P 10DLC requirements.
Developers                                                                                Documentation                                                                                    Twilio Flex                                                                                                            SMS                                                                                                            Programmable Voice                                                                                                            Video                                                                                                            Email                                                                                                            WhatsApp API                                                                                                            Elastic SIP Trunking                                                                                                            Super SIM                                                                                                            Verify                                                    See all docs                                                                Community                                                                                    Ahoy.
Get inspired by the latest from our developer community                                                        Blog                                                    Read tutorials, community projects, and product updates                                                        Forums                                                    Ask the community for help                                                        Champions                                                    Become a Twilio community Champion                                                            Developer Events                                                        BetaJoin upcoming group events                                                                Tools & Resources                                                                                    CodeExchange                                                    Usable code samples for faster builds                                                        Changelog                                                    See updates and additions to Twilio products                                                        API Status                                                    Check real-time monitoring of APIs and all services                                                        Twilio Education                                                    Learn practical coding skills through live training, student programs, and TwilioQuest.
Twilio Flex.
SMS.
Programmable Voice.
Video.
Email.
WhatsApp API.
Elastic SIP Trunking.
Super SIM.
Verify.
Ahoy.
Get inspired by the latest from our developer community.
Get inspired by the latest from our developer community.
Blog                                                    Read tutorials, community projects, and product updates.
Read tutorials, community projects, and product updates.
Forums                                                    Ask the community for help.
Ask the community for help.
Champions                                                    Become a Twilio community Champion.
Become a Twilio community Champion.
Developer Events                                                        BetaJoin upcoming group events.
Join upcoming group events.
CodeExchange                                                    Usable code samples for faster builds.
Usable code samples for faster builds.
Changelog                                                    See updates and additions to Twilio products.
See updates and additions to Twilio products.
API Status                                                    Check real-time monitoring of APIs and all services.
Check real-time monitoring of APIs and all services.
Twilio Education                                                    Learn practical coding skills through live training, student programs, and TwilioQuest.
Learn practical coding skills through live training, student programs, and TwilioQuest.
Services & Support                                                                                Partners                                                                                    Find a partner                                                    Work with a Twilio partner to buy or build the right solution                                                        Partner with us                                                    Join our Build Program as a technology or consulting partner                                                                Twilio Services                                                                                    Professional Services                                                    Get technical and strategic advice from Twilio experts                                                        Training                                                    Learn how to architect, build, and support your apps                                                                Support                                                                                    Talk to Support                                                                                                            Help Center                                                                                                            Frequently Asked Questions                                                                                                            Support Plans.
Find a partner                                                    Work with a Twilio partner to buy or build the right solution.
Work with a Twilio partner to buy or build the right solution.
Partner with us                                                    Join our Build Program as a technology or consulting partner.
Join our Build Program as a technology or consulting partner.
Professional Services                                                    Get technical and strategic advice from Twilio experts.
Get technical and strategic advice from Twilio experts.
Training                                                    Learn how to architect, build, and support your apps.
Learn how to architect, build, and support your apps.
Talk to Support.
Help Center.
Frequently Asked Questions.
Support Plans.
Pricing                                                                                Channels                                                                                    Programmable Voice                                                                                                            WhatsApp API                                                                                                            SMS                                                                                                            Video                                                                                                            Conversations                                                                                                            Email                                                                                                                    Applications                                                                                    Authy                                                                                                            Verify                                                                                                            Lookup                                                                                                            Twilio Flex                                                                                                            Marketing Campaigns                                                                                                                    Connectivity                                                                                    Super SIM                                                                                                            Wireless                                                                                                            Elastic SIP Trunking                                                                                                            Notify                                                    See all pricing.
Programmable Voice.
WhatsApp API.
SMS.
Video.
Conversations.
Email.
Authy.
Verify.
Lookup.
Twilio Flex.
Marketing Campaigns.
Super SIM.
Wireless.
Elastic SIP Trunking.
Notify.
Talk to an expert.
Sign up.
Menu.
English.
日本語.
SupportHelp CenterTalk to SupportTrainingTalk to an expertSupport PlansPartner Solutions.
Help Center.
Talk to Support.
Training.
Talk to an expert.
Support Plans.
Partner Solutions.
Log in.
Customer Agreements    Terms of Service      Acceptable Use Policy      Data Protection Addendum (DPA)      Security Overview      Service Level Agreement      Service and Country Specific Requirements      Advisory Services Terms      European Electronic Communications Code Rights Waiver      Updates to Legal Terms and Conditions.
Customer Agreements.
Terms of Service.
Acceptable Use Policy.
Data Protection Addendum (DPA).
Security Overview.
Service Level Agreement.
Service and Country Specific Requirements.
Advisory Services Terms.
European Electronic Communications Code Rights Waiver.
Updates to Legal Terms and Conditions.
Supplier Agreements    Supplier Purchase Order Terms and Conditions      Country-Specific Terms      Supplier Data Protection Addendum      Supplier Code of Conduct.
Supplier Agreements.
Supplier Purchase Order Terms and Conditions.
Country-Specific Terms.
Supplier Data Protection Addendum.
Supplier Code of Conduct.
ISV Partner Terms    Twilio API for SFDC Services      Flex Zendesk Terms.
ISV Partner Terms.
Twilio API for SFDC Services.
Flex Zendesk Terms.
Build Partner Program Terms    Partner Program Policies      Partner Terms of Service (PTOS)      Acceleration Program Participation Terms.
Build Partner Program Terms.
Partner Program Policies.
Partner Terms of Service (PTOS).
Acceleration Program Participation Terms.
App & Twilio Community Terms    Twilio Frontline End User App Terms      Twilio Community Terms of Use.
App & Twilio Community Terms.
Twilio Frontline End User App Terms.
Twilio Community Terms of Use.
Intellectual Property    DMCA Policy      Trademark.
Intellectual Property.
DMCA Policy.
Trademark.
Privacy    Binding Corporate Rules      Data Protection Addendum      GDPR      Privacy Notice      Privacy Shield      Sub-processors      Impressum (Germany).
Privacy.
Binding Corporate Rules.
Data Protection Addendum.
GDPR.
Privacy Notice.
Privacy Shield.
Sub-processors.
Impressum (Germany).
Referrals    Referral Program Terms and Conditions.
Referrals.
Referral Program Terms and Conditions.
Resources for Law Enforcement    Government Requests      Transparency Report.
Resources for Law Enforcement.
Government Requests.
Transparency Report.
Civil Requests    Submit a request or subpoena.
Civil Requests.
Submit a request or subpoena.
Code of Conduct & Ethics Hotline    Twilio Code of Conduct      Ethics and Whistleblower Hotline.
Code of Conduct & Ethics Hotline.
Twilio Code of Conduct.
Ethics and Whistleblower Hotline.
Impressum (Germany)    Impressum (Germany).
Impressum (Germany).
Impressum (Germany).
Twilio Privacy Notice.
Last updated on April 4, 2022 (View the prior version of our privacy notice here.
or here, for Segment's prior version).
Privacy is Twilio’s code.
Twilio has built our global privacy program based on our Binding Corporate Rules (BCRs), which serve as our code of conduct that governs our global processing of personal data.
No matter where you are in the world, where you reside, where your citizenship lies, or where your data comes from, we offer the same high standards of privacy protection to all our customers.
More specifically, “No Shenanigans” is one of our company values, and we intend to exemplify that with our Privacy Notice, which we hope will provide clear, detailed, and easy-to-read information about Twilio's privacy practices and how we process personal information.
In addition, we provide in-time and in-context information about how you can control the data you collect and retain in our API documentation.
Because we offer many different products — and our customers can configure them in many different ways — we provide privacy-specific information in our documentation to enable our customers to make choices when using our products.
Please check the documentation for the product you’re using to learn more about the data elements it collects and how you can make decisions about that information.
In addition to the Twilio Privacy Notice, both Authy and Frontline — our standalone apps — have their own privacy notices.
If you’re looking for information about Authy or Frontline, please follow those links.
When we refer to Twilio, we mean the Twilio entity with which you have contracted.
For ease of reference throughout this Privacy Notice, “Twilio” also refers to the companies that are members of the Twilio Group (the “Twilio Group Members”) listed in our Binding Corporate Rules.
If there are any capitalized terms in this Privacy Notice that are not defined, then those terms will have the meaning defined in your agreement with us.
Contents of this Notice.
Section.
What can you find there.
How Twilio processes your personal information.
Twilio collects personal information such as Customer Account Data directly from you — as a customer or a visitor — when you visit Twilio’s website, request a product, service or access to an event, or when you contact a member of the Twilio team or sign up for a Twilio account to use our products and services.
Twilio also indirectly collects the personal information of your end users called Customer Usage Data (e.
g.
, communications metadata) and Customer Content (e.
g.
, communications content).
Data about our customers.
We process customer contact details such as your name, email, and phone number directly from you when you make a request, contact a member of our team, or sign-up for a Twilio account.
Read this section to learn more about the types of data we collect about you, why we collect it, and how we store it.
Data about our customers’ end users.
We process your end users’ communications-related data such as phone numbers, email addresses, friendly names that you create for your end users.
We also process the content of communications sent by you or your end users to provide services to you and to carry out necessary functions of our business as a communications service provider.
Please read this section to learn more about the types of data we collect about your end users, why we collect it, and how we store it.
How Twilio shares personal information.
First things first.
we do not sell your personal information, or the personal information of your end users.
We also do not allow any personal information to be used by third parties for their own marketing purposes (except in cases where you explicitly request or provide consent for us to do so, such as at a conference when you direct us to share your information with a sponsor).
However, we do need to share it in some circumstances.
These may be to provide you services (e.
g.
, to route a call or send an email), or when necessary for our suppliers to provide services to us, or for another reason listed here.
How to make choices about your data.
Twilio provides you with many ways to make choices about your data and your end users’ data, such as accessing it, correcting it, deleting it, or updating your choices about how it is used.
Cookies and tracking technology.
Twilio uses common information-gathering tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels and other similar tracking technologies to automatically collect information as you navigate our websites, our services or when you interact with emails we sent to you.
You can manage these technologies easily on our websites.
Global privacy compliance at Twilio.
Twilio is a global company that is committed to complying with privacy laws around the world.
Read this section to learn more about our global privacy compliance and how we protect the personal information of specific groups, such as employees and employee applicants.
International data transfers.
Twilio relies on our Binding Corporate Rules (“BCRs”) as our primary data transfer mechanism.
Where Twilio’s BCRs do not apply, such as to cross-border data transfers of the SendGrid services, we will rely instead on other safeguards to transfer personal information, as described in this section.
Twilio product privacy.
Some of our products, such as SendGrid and Segment, work a bit differently in terms of applicable privacy protections.
We’ve provided this section to explain where there are differences and how we are continuing to ensure privacy compliance.
Security information.
While there is no such thing as perfect security, we are committed to maintaining reasonable and appropriate security measures to ensure that your personal information is protected both online and offline.
Read this section to learn more about our security measures and how you can better protect your account.
Handling disputes.
In the unlikely event that we are unable to resolve a privacy concern quickly and thoroughly, we provide a path of dispute resolution.
Other information you may find useful.
Here you’ll find other useful information about our data protection practices and about this notice.
Our use of automated decision making is minimal.
we use it primarily for anti-fraud purposes.
Finally, we may update our Privacy Notice from time to time, and we will notify our customers in advance of material changes.
How Twilio Processes Your Personal Information.
When we talk about “personal information” or “personal data,” we’re talking about a broad range of information.
Data protection laws around the world define this concept in different ways, but in general, we mean any information that relates to an identifiable, living individual person.
In other words, a person’s phone number is personal information, while a business’s phone number is not.
In addition, some data protection laws and privacy laws in certain jurisdictions differentiate between “controllers” and “processors” of personal information.
A controller decides why and how to process personal information.
A processor does not make decisions about personal information.
it only processes personal information on behalf of a controller based on the controller’s instructions.
With this background, let’s take a high level look at the personal information Twilio collects and how we process it.
If you are a customer of ours, Twilio processes personal information in different ways when you use our products and services.
We process your personal information as a customer (or potential customer) of Twilio’s services — information that we refer to as Customer Account Data (e.
g.
, your contact information) — when you visit a Twilio public-facing website like twilio.
com.
sign up for a Twilio event, like SIGNAL.
reach out to our Sales team.
or sign up for a Twilio, Authy, Segment, or SendGrid account and use our products and services.
We process the personal information of your end users who use or interact with your application that you’ve built on Twilio’s platform, like the people you communicate with by way of that application.
This includes information we use to route messages and metadata about messages — we refer to this information as Customer Usage Data — and it also includes the contents of communications, which we refer to as your Customer Content.
You can see a more detailed definition of “Customer Content” in our Data Protection Addendum, which is part of our agreement with you.
Twilio processes these categories of personal information differently because the direct relationship we have with you, our customer, is different from the indirect relationship we have with your end users.
When Twilio processes your Customer Account Data and your Customer Usage Data, Twilio is acting as a controller.
We are also a controller for our employees’ personal data.
When Twilio processes your Customer Content, we are acting as a processor.
If you are a visitor to our website (by which we mean any website that links back to this Privacy Notice in its footer, such as to twilio.
com, segment.
com, or sendgrid.
com), or if you are not a Twilio user and you are attending one of our events, like SIGNAL, we collect a minimal amount of data about you (depending on how much you’ve chosen to share with us).
This might be as little as an IP address or a cookie, and it might be your contact information.
We also consider this Customer Account Data.
You can read below about how we process visitors’ Customer Account Data.
If you are an applicant to a job at Twilio, or you are a Twilio employee, you can read below about how we process employee and applicant data.
You can also read our Employee Privacy Notice, which we extend to job applicants.
If you are an end user of a Twilio customer, this Privacy Notice does not apply to the services that our customers provide to their end users.
Our customers have their own policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of the personal information of their end users.
If you are an end user of one of our customers and want to learn about how that customer handles your personal information, we encourage you to read the customer’s privacy policy.
Only the customer can assist you with requests for access or deletion.
Jump back up to the summary.
Data about our customers.
In short, Twilio requires the minimal amount of data necessary to provide services to you, and the amount or type of data we collect depends on the product or service you choose or how you use it.
If you choose to share additional information with us so that we can better customize your account and our services, we’ll process that with the same care and respect.
We do not sell your personal information and we do not share your information with third parties for those third parties’ own business interests.
This Privacy Notice describes the data we collect from our customers at a high level, but you can always learn more by reading our API documentation.
We use the information we collect and share it with our service providers primarily to provide the services you’ve requested from us, and as needed for our operational purposes (e.
g.
, to do the things we need to do to function as a business, such as to collect payment).
In addition, we may use data about our customers to detect, prevent, or investigate security incidents, fraud, or abuse and misuse of our platform and services.
Data we process during account creation and account usage.
When you sign up for an account with us, we ask for certain information like your contact details and billing information to facilitate payment and communication.
We also collect some information automatically, like your IP address, when you log in to your account or when your software application built on Twilio makes requests to our APIs.
We use this to understand who is using our services and how, and to detect, prevent and investigate fraud, abuse, or security incidents.
Information You Share Directly.
Name and contact information.
When you sign up for a Twilio, SendGrid, or Segment account with us, we will ask you to give us your name, email address, and optionally, your company name, and to create a password.
You can also name your account (or accounts, if you have more than one).
We collect this information so we know who you are — this helps us communicate with you about your account(s), recognize you when you communicate with us through the account portal or otherwise, bill you correctly, and provide other services.
Telephone number.
When you first sign up for an account, we may also ask you for a telephone number (where it’s relevant to the service you’re using) so we can communicate a verification code to that telephone number and have you enter the code into our website.
This helps us verify that you’re actually a human being.
A Twilio team member may also contact you at this number to help you with onboarding unless you choose not to be contacted.
When you set up two-factor authentication for your account, we may ask you to enter a telephone number to set up the process.
You have the option to use that telephone number as the method for us to communicate verification codes to you to verify that it is you logging into your account.
You can alternatively use the Authy App or other similar authenticator application for verification codes.
We don’t use this two-factor authentication phone number for purposes other than providing verification codes.
however, if you’ve given us your phone number in another context, such as in connection with your Twilio account, we may contact you that way.
Payment information.
When you upgrade your trial account, we’ll ask you to provide our payment processor with your payment method information like a credit card or your Paypal account and your billing address.
Our payment processor, acting on our behalf, gathers this so we can bill you for your use of our products and services.
Our payment processor will share your billing address with Twilio.
We’ll also use your billing address for tax calculation and audit purposes.
Subscriber records.
For some products, we may also obtain proof of identity from you that includes a proof of address, name, physical address, or other identification information.
For example, to use our Trust Hub or to obtain a phone number in certain countries, local law may require us to have a physical service address on file for the individual who will be using that Twilio number, whether that’s you or your end user.
We may also need proof of identity and physical service address.
We call these “subscriber records.
”.
We may have to share subscriber records with local government authorities or with the local telecommunications carrier that provides connectivity services.
We may also use this physical service address for tax purposes.
However, we don’t share subscriber records for purposes other than this, and we treat these records with our highest confidentiality.
Personalization details.
Some of our products, such as our short code service, may require you to complete an application form by providing details about your company and your intended use of the product.
We’ll use this information for the purpose of determining eligibility for these products.
We may also use it in connection with improving our own internal processes and services or to train our team members.
Information We Generate or Collect Automatically.
SIDs.
When you sign up for an account with Twilio, we’ll automatically assign you and each of your accounts a unique ID — a SID — and we’ll automatically generate an API token for each of your accounts.
These are used like a username and password to make API requests.
Instead of using these API tokens, you canprovision API Keys and use your API key for authentication when making requests to our APIs.
We keep a record of these credentials so we know it is you making the requests when your application makes requests to our API using these credentials.
Device information and IP addresses.
When you use our account portal, we collect your IP address and other data through tracking technologies like cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies.
We also collect IP addresses when you make requests to our APIs and in our server logs.
We use this information to understand how customers are using our platform, who those customers are (if they are a company and the IP address is associated with that company), what country they are logging in from (for analytics and export control purposes), and to help improve the navigation experience.
You can learn more about cookies in the section titled “Cookies and Tracking Technologies” below.
When you use our account portal, we also collect information about your device, such as your computer or mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, unique identifiers, and general location information such as city or town.
We do not collect precise geographical information.
Data we process from our website, events, and interactions.
When you visit our website, sign up for a Twilio event or request more information about Twilio, we collect information automatically using tracking technologies, like cookies, and through web forms where you type in your information.
We collect this information to provide you with what you request through the web form, to learn more about who is interested in our products and services, and to improve navigation experience on our pages.
You can learn more about cookies in the section titled “Cookies and Tracking Technologies” below.
Information You Share Directly.
In some places on Twilio’s public-facing websites, you can fill out web forms to ask to be contacted by our Sales Team, sign up for a newsletter, register for a Twilio event, or take a survey.
The specific personal information requested on these forms will vary based on the purpose of the form.
We will ask you for information necessary for us to provide you with what you request through the form (for example, we will ask you for your email address if you want to sign up for an email newsletter and for your phone number if you want a member of our Sales Team to call you).
We may also ask you for additional information to help us understand you better as a customer, such as your Twilio use case, your company name, or your role at your company.
If you sign up to receive ongoing marketing communications from Twilio, like a newsletter, you can always choose to opt out of further communications through a preferences page which will be linked from any marketing email you receive from Twilio.
You can also contact our Customer Support Team to communicate your choice to opt out.
If you contact our Sales or Customer Support Teams, those teams keep a record of that communication, including your contact details and other information you share during the course of the communication.
We store this information to help us keep track of the inquiries we receive from you and from customers generally so we can improve our products and services and provide training to team members.
This information also helps our teams manage our ongoing relationships with our customers.
Because we store a record of these communications, please be thoughtful about what information you share with our Sales and Customer Support Teams.
While we will take appropriate measures to protect any sensitive information you share with us, it is best to avoid sharing any personal or other sensitive information in these communications not necessary for these teams to assist you.
Information We Collect Automatically.
When you visit Twilio websites, including our web forms, we and our service providers acting on our behalf automatically collect certain information using tracking technologies like cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies.
We use this information to understand how visitors to our websites are using them and which pages and features of the websites are most popular.
This helps us understand how we can improve our websites and track performance of our advertisements.
In addition, we use tracking technologies to help improve the navigation experience on Twilio websites.
We don’t sell this information to third parties.
For more details on our use of cookies and other tracking technologies, please read the below section titled “Cookies and Tracking Technologies.
”.
Marketing information.
We use your email address to send you information about other Twilio products, services or events in which we think you may be interested.
You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time through your marketing preferences page by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from Twilio.
You can also contact our Customer Support Team to communicate your choice to opt out.
Please note that it may take up to three days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request.
You will not be able to opt out of service emails from us, such as password reset emails, billing emails, or notifications of updates to our terms, unless you deactivate your account.
We may also use publicly-available information about you that we have gathered through services like LinkedIn, or we may obtain information about you or your company from third party providers.
We use this information to help us understand our customer base better, such as your industry, the size of your company, and your company’s website URL.
We also use this information to reach out to potential candidates for roles at Twilio.
When you visit a Twilio website, we process your information to market our services to you on other websites.
You are able to opt out of targeted advertisements by using the cookie consent management tool, TrustArc.
To learn more about how we process this information and how to make choices about what is collected, please see the “Cookies and Tracking Technologies” Section below.
How Long We Store Your Customer Account Data.
Twilio will store your Customer Account Data as long as needed to provide you with our services and to operate our business.
If you ask Twilio to delete specific personal information from your Customer Account Data (see ‘Choices About Your Customer Account Data’ below), we will honor this request unless deleting that information prevents us from carrying out necessary business functions, such as billing for our services, calculating taxes, or conducting required audits.
More specifically, within 60 days following closure of your account, we will either delete other Customer Account Data or transform it such that it can no longer be used to identify you, with the following exceptions, depending on and in accordance with applicable law.
Customer Account Data is stored for up to seven years following closure of your account.
However, we may retain invoice records, including their digital equivalent, for longer periods for accounting, tax, and audit purposes.
Where we collect subscriber records, we will retain this data for such time as needed for legal, security and anti-fraud purposes.
We may retain your communications with Twilio’s Customer Support Teams for up to three years after your account is closed.
We may need to retain data due to special circumstances (such as due to an open investigation, audit, or other legal matter).
Please read our support page on data retention for more detailed information about our retention and deletion practices.
Jump back up to the summary.
Data about our customers’ end users.
What Customer Usage Data and Customer Content Twilio Processes and Why.
We use Customer Usage Data and Customer Content to provide services to you and to carry out necessary functions of our business as a communications service provider.
We do not sell your end users’ personal information and we do not share your end users’ information with third parties for those third parties’ own business interests.
The particular end user personal information Twilio processes when you, our customer, use our products and services, and the reasons Twilio processes end user personal information, depends on how you use our products and services and which Twilio products and services you use.
For that reason, our API docs for each of our products and services are the best place to find information about our processing of personal information when you use that Twilio product and service.
In many cases, you can opt to store records of your communications or other activities in your Twilio account, and these records may include your end users’ personal information.
You may also have the option to use additional features or tools within Twilio’s products or services that allow you to do things such as analyze the records, including end user personal information, in your Twilio account.
In those cases, Twilio will process this information to provide you with the service you request.
For Twilio’s customers, our Data Protection Addendum describes more about how we process Customer Content in accordance with your instructions.
That Data Protection Addendum is a part of your agreement with us by default.
How Long We Store Customer Usage Data and Customer Content.
Details regarding how long your end user personal information may be stored on Twilio systems will depend on which Twilio products and services you are using and how you are using them.
For that reason, our API docs for each of our products and services, along with SendGrid’sdocumentation and Segment’s documentation, are the best place to find more detailed information about managing end user data collected and stored in connection with your use of our products and services.
We also provide an overview of our retention periods in our support documentation.
As a Twilio customer, if the Twilio product or service you use enables you to store records of your usage on Twilio, including personal information contained within those records, and you choose to do so, then Twilio will retain these records for as long as you instruct, up until termination of your account.
In some cases, use of extended storage may cost more.
If you later instruct us to delete those records (please see below for information on how to delete your records), we will do so.
Please note that it may take up to 30 days for the data to be completely removed from all systems.
Jump back up to the summary.
How Twilio shares personal information.
We do not sell your personal information or the personal information of your end users.
We also do not allow any personal information to be used by third parties for their own marketing purposes (except in cases where you explicitly request or provide consent for us to do so, such as at a conference when you direct us to share your information with a sponsor).
However, we do need to share personal data in order to provide our products and services to you, such as to route a call you send through us or to store data you ask us to store.
Below are the different scenarios under which we may share your data with third parties.
Telephony operators as necessary for proper routing and connectivity.
Twilio provides an easier way for developers to build applications that make use of the publicly switched telephone network (PSTN) to send communications.
Therefore, communications-related data is shared with and received from telephony operators as necessary to route and connect those communications from the sender to the intended recipient.
How those telephony operators handle this data is generally determined by those operators’ own policies and local regulations.
Other communications service providers for proper routing and connectivity.
Twilio also enables sending or receiving communications through communications service providers that do not use the PSTN, such as Viber and Facebook Messenger (referred to as Over-the-Top (OTT) communications service providers).
If you choose to use Twilio to send or receive communications by way of these providers, Twilio will share communications data with these providers as necessary to route and connect those communications from the sender to the intended recipient.
How those OTT communications service providers handle this data is determined by their own policies.
Third-party service providers or consultants.
Twilio engages certain third-party vendors and service providers to carry out certain data processing functions on our behalf.
These providers are limited to only accessing or using this data to provide services to us and must provide reasonable assurances they will appropriately safeguard the data.
Sub-processors.
A sub-processor is a vendor that is permitted to process data for which we are a processor — in other words, Customer Content.
We share Customer Content with sub-processors who assist in providing the Twilio services, like our infrastructure provider, or as necessary to provide optional functionality like transcriptions.
An up-to-date list of Twilio sub-processors is located here.
Add-on Partners.
Add-ons are additional features, functionality or services offered by Twilio’s Add-on partners (who are third parties not affiliated with Twilio).
Twilio may make Add-ons available through the Twilio Marketplace.
Some Add-ons may need to access or collect some of your information, including personal information.
If you choose to use an Add-on, Twilio will share your information with the Add-on partner so you can use the Add-on.
Twilio does not control Add-on partners’ use of your information and their use of your information will be in accordance with their own policies.
If you do not want your information to be shared with an Add-on partner, then you should not use the Add-on.
Compliance with Legal Obligations.
We may disclose your or your end users’ personal information to a third party if (i) we reasonably believe that disclosure is compelled by applicable law, regulation, legal process, or a government request (including to meet national security, emergency services, or law enforcement requirements), (ii) to enforce our agreements and policies, (iii) to protect the security or integrity of our services and products, (iv) to protect ourselves, our other customers, or the public from harm or illegal activities, or (v) to respond to an emergency which we believe in good faith requires us to disclose data to assist in preventing a death or serious bodily injury.
For more details, please see the procedure laid out in our Binding Corporate Rules.
If Twilio is required by law to disclose any personal information of you or your end user, we will notify you of the disclosure requirement, unless we are prohibited by law.
Further, we object to requests we do not believe were issued properly.
Twilio Group Members.
We may share your personal information or your end users’ personal information among Twilio Group Members.
Twilio Group Members will only use the information as described in this notice.
You may see who Twilio Group Members are by looking in our Binding Corporate Rules.
Business transfers.
If we go through a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, data we gather from you may be part of the assets transferred or shared in connection with the due diligence for any such transaction.
In that situation, and that situation only, we might transfer your data in a way that constitutes a sale under applicable law.
If we do, we’ll let you know ahead of time, and we will require any acquirer or successor of Twilio to continue to process data consistent with this Privacy Notice.
Aggregated or de-identified data.
We might also share data about our customers with third parties if the data has been de-identified or aggregated in a way so it cannot be used to identify you or your end users.
Jump back up to the summary.
How to make choices about your data.
Choices About Your Customer Account Data.
Accessing and Controlling Account Data.
As part of the services we provide to our customers, we provide you with a number of self-service features at no additional cost within the Twilio console itself, including the ability to access your data, update any incorrect data, download a copy of your data, delete your data, or restrict the use of your data.
You can make various choices about your Customer Account Data through the account portal when you log into your Twilio account or through the marketing preferences center.
Any other requests about your data you cannot make through these self-service tools, you can request by emailing or contacting Customer Support.
Closing Your Account and Deletion.
To request closure or deletion of your Twilio account, you can email us at or contact Customer Support.
Please be aware that closure or deletion of your Twilio account will result in you permanently losing access to your account and the data in the account.
After closure of your account, certain information associated with your account may remain on Twilio’s servers in an aggregated form that does not identify you or your end users.
Similarly, after you close your account, we will retain data — including personal information — associated with your account that we are required to maintain for legal purposes or for necessary business operations (see “How Long We Store Your Customer Account Data” section above) until it’s no longer needed.
Our Support portal provides documentation regarding how to delete the data you control and how long we retain it.
Other Choices About Your Customer Account Data.
In addition, you can express other choices about your Customer Account Data (e.
g.
, accessing it, deleting it, restricting its use, porting it, or withdrawing consent for its use) by contacting Customer Support.
Choices About Your End Users’ Data.
We also offer you the ability to delete, access, or exercise other choices about end user data, namely Customer Usage Data and Customer Content.
Your ability to make choices about this data depends on the Twilio product or service you use and how you use the product or service.
For that reason, our API docs for each of our products and services, along with SendGrid’sdocumentation and Segment’s documentation, are the best place to find more detailed information about managing end user data collected and stored in connection with your use of our products and services.
In some cases, we may retain a copy of your usage records, including the personal information contained in them, to carry out necessary functions like billing, invoice reconciliation, troubleshooting, along with detecting, preventing, and investigating spam, fraudulent activity, and network exploits and abuse.
Sometimes legal matters arise that also require us to preserve records, including those containing personal information.
These matters include litigation, law enforcement requests, or government investigations.
If we have to do this, we will delete the impacted records when we are no longer legally obligated to retain them.
We may, however, retain or use records after they have been anonymized, if the law allows.
Jump back up to the summary.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies.
Twilio uses common information-gathering tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels and other similar tracking technologies to automatically collect information as you navigate our websites, your account or when you interact with emails we sent to you.
Cookies.
A cookie is a piece of data contained in a very small text file that is stored in your browser or elsewhere on your hard drive.
Cookies allow Twilio to identify your device as you navigate our websites or your account.
This makes navigating and interacting with our websites or your account more efficient, easy and meaningful for you.
By themselves, cookies do not identify you specifically.
Rather, they recognize your web browser.
So, unless you identify yourself specifically to Twilio, like signing into your account, we don’t know who you are just because you visited our website.
Twilio uses both session and persistent cookies.
Session cookies are cookies that disappear from your computer or browser when you turn off your computer.
Persistent cookies stay on your computer even after you’ve turned it off.
Additionally, the cookies on our websites fall into three categories.
(1) Required Cookies, (2) Functional Cookies, and (3) Advertising Cookies.
To learn more about each category of cookie, you can visit our cookie consent tool by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting.
How to Control & Delete Cookies.
TrustArc Consent Tool.
Twilio uses “TrustArc” as our cookie consent tool, which you can utilize to customize your cookie preferences.
When you visit our website for the first time, a cookie consent banner will pop up and ask you to customize your cookie preferences.
If you decide to change your preferences at a later date, you can easily do so by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting.
Please note that Required Cookies cannot be disabled and if you decide to opt-out of Functional Cookies, certain functionality of our websites or your account may be impacted.
Using Your Browser.
In addition to using our TrustArc Cookie Consent tool, you can use your browser settings to opt out of Functional Cookies and Advertising Cookies.
For more information on how to do that, click here.
To manage privacy and storage settings for flash cookies, click here.
Do Not Track.
Some browsers allow a “do not track” (DNT) setting that requests that a web application disable its tracking of an individual user.
When you choose to turn on the DNT setting in your browser, your browser will send a special signal to websites, analytics companies, ad networks, plug-in providers, and other web services you encounter while browsing and stop tracking your activity.
To set up DNT, you can visit the All About DNT page.
If you do choose to set up DNT, we will automatically turn off all non-required cookies on Twilio’s websites for you.
Please note that this may impact the functionality of our websites or your account.
Global Privacy Control.
Global Privacy Control (GPC) is a technical specification that you can use to inform websites of your privacy preferences in regard to ad trackers.
To set up GPC, you can visit the Global Privacy Control page.
If you do choose to set up GPC, we will automatically turn off all non-required cookies on Twilio’s websites for you.
Please note that this may impact the functionality of our websites or your account.
Opting out of Advertising Cookies.
To learn more about how to opt out of targeting and advertising cookies, you can go to the Your Online Choices page, the Network Advertising Initiative page, and the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Choice page.
These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Twilio.
We do not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.
Web Beacons.
Twilio also uses web beacons to gather data about your use of our websites, your account, and how you interact with emails we have sent to you.
Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of data on your computer, like when you view a particular website tied to the web beacon, and a description of a website tied to the web beacon.
Additionally, we may put web beacons in marketing emails that notify us when you click on a link in the email that directs you to a Twilio website.
We use web beacons to operate and improve our websites and email communications to you.
Jump back up to the summary.
Global Privacy Compliance at Twilio.
Twilio is a global company with customers and offices all around the world.
As such, our approach to privacy compliance is a global one.
No matter where you are located, whether in the United States, the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom (UK), Latin America, or the Asia-Pacific region, we remain committed to abiding by all applicable data protection laws.
Regions Requiring a Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information.
If you are from a region that requires a legal basis for processing personal data (such as the EEA or the UK), our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms, or where we have your consent to do so.
In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person, such as in the case where we request personal information from you in the context of a government audit or in response to a request from law enforcement.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
Broadly speaking, we use Customer Account Data to further our legitimate interests to.
understand who our customers and potential customers are and their interests in Twilio’s product and services.
manage our relationship with you and other customers.
carry out core business operations such as accounting, filing taxes, and fulfilling regulatory obligations.
and.
help detect, prevent, or investigate security incidents, fraud and other abuse or misuse of our products and services.
United States.
California Consumer Access and Deletion Rights.
For those customers that would like more information about our use of Customer Account Data or Customer Usage Data, you have the ability to request.
that we provide details about the categories of personal information that we collect about you, including how we collect and share it.
that we provide you access to the personal information we collect about you.
and.
that we delete the personal information we have about you.
Please be aware that when you ask us for these things, we will take steps to verify that you are authorized to make the request.
You do not have to be from California to make this request.
If you’re a Californian interested in what personal information we have shared lately for our business purposes, here’s a list.
Identifiers.
Commercial information.
Financial information.
Internet or other electronic activity information.
Geolocation information.
Professional or employment information.
By “our business purposes,” we mean that we only share personal information as we describe in the section above (in other words, with telephony operators, communications providers, and so on).
Other regions.
If you are in a region other than the EEA, the UK, or the United States, we aren’t forgetting you.
There are just some specific requirements those regions ask us to put in our Privacy Notice.
Some countries, like Brazil, also have specific privacy notice requirements, and we address those requirements in our general privacy sections above.
If there are specific changes we need to make to our legal language to comply with a country’s privacy or data protection laws, you can find those changes in our Data Protection Addendum.
Privacy Compliance for Specific Individuals.
Employee Applicant and Employee Data.
Whether you are applying for a position at Twilio or are a current or former employee, we remain committed to practicing a “no shenanigans” approach to your personal information.
For up to date information on the types of data we process about you and how we protect it, please see our Employee Privacy Notice.
Information from Children.
We do not knowingly permit children (under the age of 13 in the US and UK or 16, if you live in the EEA) to sign up for a Twilio account.
If we discover someone who is underage has signed up for a Twilio account, we will take reasonable steps to promptly remove that person’s personal information from our records.
If you believe a person who is underage has signed up for a Twilio account, please contact us at .
Jump back up to the summary.
International data transfers.
As a global organization, we may need to transfer your personal information to Twilio affiliates, contractors, service providers, and to third parties in various countries and jurisdictions around the world.
In each case, we take care to use appropriate safeguards to ensure your personal information remains protected.
Data transfers to the United States and elsewhere.
When you use our account portal, or our other products and services, personal information of you and your end users processed by Twilio may be transferred to the United States, where our primary processing facilities are located, and possibly to other countries where we or our service providers operate.
These transfers will often be made in connection with routing your communications in the most efficient way.
Safeguards for data transfers.
Twilio employs appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of personal data, as required by applicable local law.
Where we must transfer end users’ personal data to a third country, we conduct a transfer impact assessment, which we make available on our support pages.
Our Data Protection Addendum, which we provide to all customers, includes more detailed information about our cross-border data transfers.
Twilio’s Binding Corporate Rules.
Twilio has established and implemented a set of Binding Corporate Rules for internal transfers of personal information between Twilio Group Members in the European Union and Twilio Group Members elsewhere.
Twilio’s BCRs have been approved by European Union Data Protection Authorities and are a commitment by Twilio to adequately protect personal information that Twilio processes regardless of where the information resides.
You can access Twilio’s BCR controller and processor policies here.
Where Twilio’s BCRs do not apply, such as to cross-border data transfers of the SendGrid services, we rely instead on other data transfer mechanisms to transfer personal information outside the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, such as Standard Contractual Clauses and the International Data Transfer Agreement.
Transfers from other countries.
When we transfer personal information outside countries other than those in the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, we strive to comply with the cross-border data transfer rules of those countries, such as by cooperating with that country’s data protection authority or providing a written agreement to each customer that meets the data protection requirements of the country.
Privacy Shield Principles.
While Twilio does not rely on Privacy Shield for cross-border data transfers, we still adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles as a matter of good practice and we maintain our Privacy Shield certification.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit You can access our Privacy Shield Statement here.
Jump back up to the summary.
Twilio Product Privacy.
Segment Services.
The Segment services, once an independent product, are now part of Twilio’s overall product line.
They are treated the same as the rest of Twilio’s products and are covered by our Data Protection Addendum and our Binding Corporate Rules.
For more specific information, you can learn more about the Segment services in the Segment documentation.
SendGrid Services.
The SendGrid services work a little differently from the rest of Twilio’s services, and we’d like to make sure you’re aware of those differences.
Most importantly, SendGrid services are not currently covered by Twilio’s Binding Corporate Rules, which means that we rely on Standard Contractual Clauses (which you can find in our Data Protection Addendum) for any cross-border data transfers relating to the SendGrid services.
However, even where SendGrid services are not covered by our Binding Corporate Rules, we are committed to providing a high level of data protection for our SendGrid customers.
Data Collection and Email.
For the most part, the SendGrid services collect the same data the Twilio services collect, and for the same reasons.
The SendGrid services also collect some additional data in the form of web beacons placed in the body of emails delivered using the SendGrid platform.
This allows us to keep track of whether or not an email has been delivered, opened, clicked on, whether it bounced or was treated as spam.
You can learn more about web beacons in the section titled “Cookies and Tracking Technologies” above.
Customer Content and Email Recipients’ Personal Information.
Like Twilio, SendGrid is a data processor for Customer Content, like email communications contents and the contents of marketing campaigns.
SendGrid is also a data processor for email recipients’ email addresses and other recipients’ personal information.
If you’re a customer, our Data Protection Addendum describes more about how we process Customer Content in accordance with your instructions.
Separate Policies.
As mentioned above, in addition to the Twilio Privacy Notice, both Authy and Frontline have their own privacy notices, because they are standalone apps.
If you’re looking for information about Authy or Frontline, please follow those links.
Jump back up to the summary.
Security Information.
How We Secure Personal Information.
Our security measures.
We use appropriate security measures to protect the security of your personal information both online and offline.
These measures vary based on the sensitivity of the personal information we collect, process and store and the current state of technology.
We also take measures to ensure service providers that process personal data on our behalf also have appropriate security controls in place.
When we transfer data across borders, we also take supplementary measures to ensure that data is protected.
You may read more about our security measures in our Security Overview, and if you are located in a country that requires you to obtain information about our supplemental measures, you may read more about those measures here.
Please note that no service is completely secure.
While we strive to protect your data, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss or a data breach will never occur.
Security measures you can take.
To protect the confidentiality of your account and protect against unauthorized use of your account, we recommend enabling two-factor authentication for your account.
Additionally, you must keep your account password and Auth Token confidential and not disclose them publicly or to unauthorized individuals — this includes accidentally distributing them in a binary or checking them into source control.
Please let us know right away if you think your password or Auth Token was compromised or misused.
For instructions on changing your password, click here.
For instructions on changing your Auth Token, click here.
Similarly, if you provision an API Key, you should keep your secret, well.
secret.
You should store your API Key, Account SID, and secret in a secure location.
Information on provisioning and revoking API Keys can be foundhere.
How we use personal information for security purposes.
We may collect and use Customer Account Data or Customer Usage Data to detect, prevent, or investigate security incidents, fraud, or abuse and misuse of our platform and services.
In addition, we also use records containing end user personal information to debug, troubleshoot, or investigate security incidents.
to detect and prevent spam or fraudulent activity.
and to detect and prevent network exploits and abuse.
Specifically, we monitor text message content to detect spam, fraudulent activity, and violations of our Acceptable Use Policy.
We may anonymize personal information and use it for our legitimate business needs, and, where allowed by law, this may include records containing end user personal information.
Jump back up to the summary.
Handling disputes.
We hope we can resolve any disputes relating to our data protection practices between us.
However, if you have a dispute with us relating to our data protection practices, you can raise your concern or dispute by contacting the Office of the Data Protection Officer either via email at or by mail at any of the following addresses.
Worldwide Headquarters.
EEA Headquarters.
UK Headquarters.
Twilio Inc.
101 Spear Street, 1st Floor.
San Francisco, CA 94105.
Twilio Ireland Limited.
25-28 North Wall Quay.
Dublin 1, Ireland.
Twilio UK Limited.
100 New Bridge Street.
London, United Kingdom, EC4V 6JA.
If we can’t resolve the dispute through those channels and you are not in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, please see Section 9.
7 (Dispute Resolution) of our Terms of Service, which describes how disputes will be resolved between us.
As described in that section, JAMS’ Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures will conduct the dispute resolution proceedings.
Please be sure to review our Terms of Service, including Section 9.
7, before you use any of our products and services.
For individuals in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, you have additional rights to make a complaint to a competent data protection authority or commence proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
We also provide an additional independent dispute resolution provider which you may utilize at no cost to you.
We outline this process in our Privacy Shield Statement (while we do not rely on Privacy Shield for data transfers, we continue to comply with the framework, including its dispute resolution process).
If you are a resident of the EEA or the UK, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority or the Data Protection Commissioner in Ireland (where our EEA headquarters are based) or the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK.
Irish Data Protection Commissioner.
Officer of the Data Protection Commissioner.
Canal House, Station Road, Portarlington, Co.
Laois, R32 AP23, Ireland.
Phone.
+353 57 868 4757.
Fax.
+353 57 868 4757.
Email.
.
Information Commissioner's Office.
Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow.
Cheshire, SK9 5AF, United Kingdom.
Phone.
0303 123 1113 (local rate).
Fax.
01625 524 510.
Email.
.
For more information about Twilio’s complaint handling procedures, see the Complaint Handling Procedure in our BCRs.
Jump back up to the summary.
Other information you may find useful.
Automated decision making and machine learning.
Twilio may use automated decision making leveraging a variety of signals derived from records we collect to help monitor, identify, and suspend accounts sending spam or engaging in other abusive or fraudulent activity.
Holders of accounts suspended under these circumstances are notified of the suspension and given an opportunity to request human review of the suspension decision.
Changes to our Privacy Notice.
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time, and if we do, the most current version will be available at  with the date indicating when it was last updated.
These changes might be minor, such as updating an address or fixing a typo, or they might be material, such as making a change that affects your rights.
If we make changes that affect your rights, we will provide advance notice to you, such as by posting a message in the Twilio console, or we’ll send an email via the address we have on file for you.
We will comply with applicable law with respect to any changes we make to this notice and seek your consent to any material changes if this is required by applicable law.
Jump back up to the summary.
Legal.
Privacy.
Twilio.
org.
Press & Media.
SIGNAL.
Investors.
Jobs.
Copyright © 2022 Twilio Inc.
All Rights Reserved.
