Home.
ServicesWhat We OfferPortfolio.
What We Offer.
Portfolio.
Pricing.
About UsOur StoryCareersFAQ.
Our Story.
Careers.
FAQ.
Contact Us.
BlogProduct Development PhilosophyCustomer FeaturesTech Trends.
Product Development Philosophy.
Customer Features.
Tech Trends.
Home.
ServicesWhat We OfferPortfolio.
What We Offer.
Portfolio.
Pricing.
About UsOur StoryCareersFAQ.
Our Story.
Careers.
FAQ.
Contact Us.
BlogProduct Development PhilosophyCustomer FeaturesTech Trends.
Product Development Philosophy.
Customer Features.
Tech Trends.
Privacy Policy.
Introduction.
FYELABS is committed to protecting both the privacy and confidentiality of your personal information.
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit fyelabs.
com, fyelabs.
ca, circlab.
ca, or any additional subdomains, hereinafter referred to as “our website”.
This policy was last updated on Wednesday, May 12, 2021.
Summary.
-We will not sell or rent any of your personally identifiable information to third parties.
-We do keep information you voluntarily provide for the personalization of our services, marketing, and statistics.
-We do not share this information with third parties.
-You have the right to request personal information we store, and to delete such information.
-You have the right opt-out of marketing emails.
-We use third-party providers to collect web analytics to help us optimize our website, and to assess the success of marketing and advertising campaigns.
-We put in reasonable efforts in securing your personal information.
Your Consent.
By using our website or services, you signify your consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you may not use our website nor services.
Information we Automatically Collect.
When you visit our website, like many other websites, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device.
Additionally, as you browse our website, we collect information about the individual web pages, what websites or search terms referred you to our website, and information about how you interact with our website.
We refer to this automatically collected information as “Device Information”.
We collect Device Information using the following technologies.
-“Log files” track actions occurring on our website, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
-“Web beacons”, “tags”, and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse our website.
How we use your Personal Information.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our website (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with our website, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
Information you Voluntarily Provide.
Personal information you directly provide (for example, through contact or registration forms) is never shared with any third-party.
Such information includes, but is not limited to.
-Full name.
-Contact details (email address, telephone number, postal address).
-Job title and employer.
For career applicants, in addition to the information listed above, such voluntary information includes, but is not limited to.
-Occupation.
-Employment history.
-Education history.
-Qualifications.
-Areas of specialization.
If you choose not to provide certain personal information, you may not be able to use certain features of our website, and we may not be able to provide certain services to you.
How we use your Personal Information.
We use your personal information to contact and correspond with you, or to respond to your inquiries.
We may use your information to conduct market research, to conduct marketing and advertising campaigns, or to compile statistical analysis of the behaviour of customers or groups of customers.
Sharing your Personal Information.
We do not share voluntarily provided information to third-parties.
Device Information that we collect may be shared with the following providers.
Google Analytics.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our website.
This data is shared with other Google services.
Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
We use Google Analytics, including the Demographics and Interest Reporting component, to help us understand how our visitors use our website.
You can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here.
Users who do not wish to have information collected through Google Analytics can opt-out by deleting the cookies in their browser, configuring their browser settings to block the use of cookies, or by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on available here.
Cloudflare.
We use Cloudflare to optimize the network performance of our website.
You can view Cloudflare’s Privacy Policy here.
Mapbox.
We use Mapbox to display geographical maps within our website.
You can view Mapbox’s Privacy Policy here.
Access to your Personal Information.
You have the right to access any of your personal information that we hold, with some exceptions as under law.
You also have the right to request for your personal information to be deleted, with some exceptions as under law.
To obtain a copy of this information, or to request for your information to be deleted, please contact us through the information provided in this Privacy Policy.
Information Security.
We employ reasonable security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information being collected and stored.
Nevertheless, security risks cannot be eliminated, thus we cannot guarantee that your personal information will not be used or disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
In the event of a security breach, we will make a best effort to contact all individuals and/or organizations in which data has been exposed in said breach.
Lawful Disclosure.
We may disclose your personal information to a government institution that has asserted its lawful authority to obtain the information, or where we have reasonable grounds to believe the information could be useful in the investigation of unlawful activity, or to comply with a subpoena or warrant or an order made by a court, person or any other body with jurisdiction to compel the provision of information.
We may also disclose your personal information in order to comply with court rules regarding the provision of records and information, to our legal counsel, or as otherwise permitted or required by law.
Advertising Purposes.
We may request permission to use your personal information, or the information of the organization you represent for marketing and advertising purposes.
We will never disclose such information without prior consent.
Former Users.
If you stop using our website or services, or your permission to use our website or services is terminated, our website may continue to use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Links to External Sites.
Our website may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us.
If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third-party’s site.
We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no liability nor responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Accuracy of Our Website.
We do not guarantee that any information contained herein is and will remain accurate, or that use of the information will ensure correct and faultless operation of the relevant services we provide.
FYELABS, its agents and employees shall not be held liable for any loss or damage whatsoever resulting from reliance on the information on our website.
Changes to this Privacy Policy.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us.
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us using the contact details provided below.
FyeLabs Incorporated.
175 Longwood Rd S, Suite 401A.
Hamilton, ON, Canada.
L8P 0A1.
Copyright © 2021 FyeLabs Incorporated.
All rights reserved.
Our Privacy Policy.
Let’s Talk.
Contact us to build products, answer questions, and make great things happen.
We’ll get back to you ASAP.
+1 (289) 659-5919.
Our Site.
About Us.
Blog.
Careers.
Contact Us.
FAQ.
LDAAI.
Portfolio.
Privacy Policy.
Services.
