Industries    Platforms    Storage    Hybrid Cloud    Services    Resources    Blog    				MENU.
UNICOM DIVISIONS.
UNICOM ENGINEERING.
UNICOM ENGINEERING About Us.
UNICOM ENGINEERING Industries.
UNICOM ENGINEERING Platforms.
UNICOM ENGINEERING Intel Xeon Scalable.
UNICOM ENGINEERING 3rd Gen Intel Xeon Scalable (Ice Lake).
UNICOM ENGINEERING Storage.
UNICOM ENGINEERING Services.
UNICOM ENGINEERING Server Branding.
UNICOM ENGINEERING Resources.
UNICOM ENGINEERING Technology Partners.
UNICOM ENGINEERING Intel.
UNICOM ENGINEERING Support.
UNICOM ENGINEERING News.
UNICOM Divisions.
Product Catalog.
SIGN IN TO UNICOM GLOBAL.
UNICOM GLOBAL DIVISIONS.
UNICOM® Global consists of more than 50 corporate entities encompassing a wide range of businesses including Mergers and Acquisitions (M&A), Real Estate Development, Business and Financial Services and a range of Information Technology (IT) Divisions.
CICS.
comEnterprise Software SolutionsUNICOM SystemsTeamBLUEMacro 4DETECSoftLandingillustroiET Solutions.
CICS.
com.
Enterprise Software Solutions.
UNICOM Systems.
TeamBLUE.
Macro 4.
DETEC.
SoftLanding.
illustro.
iET Solutions.
USRoboticsCommunications SolutionsUSRMemeoFiretideUnified Communications and Collaboration.
USRobotics.
Communications Solutions.
USR.
Memeo.
Firetide.
Unified Communications and Collaboration.
EdenReal Estate & Financial ServicesUNICOM CapitalMergers & AcquisitionsIT Real Estate.
Eden.
Real Estate & Financial Services.
UNICOM Capital.
Mergers & Acquisitions.
IT Real Estate.
UNICOM GovernmentGovernment Solutions.
UNICOM Government.
Government Solutions.
UNICOM EngineeringEngineering Solutions.
UNICOM Engineering.
Engineering Solutions.
SEARCH ALL OF UNICOM GLOBAL.
PRIVACY POLICY.
By using this site, you signify your agreement and acceptance of the UNICOM Engineering Privacy Statement.
We reserve the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of the site, and policies, at any time.
All site content is provided for informational purposes, no warranty of any kind is either expressed or implied.
Visit Subscription Center.
UNICOM Engineering's Commitment to Privacy.
This Privacy Statement Regarding Customer and Online User Information (“Privacy Statement”) applies to UNICOM Engineering, Inc.
and its worldwide subsidiaries (“UNICOM,” "we" or "our"), but not to those UNICOM subsidiaries that have published their own privacy and security statements.
This Privacy Statement also does not apply to the websites of our business partners or to any other third parties, even if their websites are linked to our website.
We recommend you review the privacy statements of the other parties with which you interact.
This Privacy Statement governs Personal Information we collect from our customers and online users ("you"), as well as information we automatically collect from your online visits (e.
g.
, data collected via cookies).
For the purposes of this Privacy Statement, "Third Party Marketing Consultants" means any subcontractor, vendor or other entity with whom we have an ongoing business relationship to provide marketing products, services or information.
"Personal Information" means information that identifies you, such as your name, telephone number, and email address.
Information We Collect.
We may ask you to provide Personal Information when you.
Use our websites.
Register or access the customer portal.
Request quotes, support services, downloads, whitepapers or information.
Register for meetings, events or webinars.
Participate in surveys, or other promotional activities online or in any other venue.
Subscribe to newsletters, promotional emails, or other materials.
or.
Contact us.
Personal Information we request may include your email address, name, job title, company name and telephone number.
We may also collect demographic information, such as your business or company information, interests, and preferences.
Forms that you choose to complete will indicate whether information requested is mandatory or voluntary.
We may collect information about your visits to our websites, including the pages you view, the links and advertisements you click, search terms you enter, and other actions you take in connection with UNICOM websites and services.
We may also collect certain information from the browser you used to come to our website, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type and language, access times, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) of the website that referred you to our website, and to which URL you browse away from our site if you click on a link on our site.
In order to offer you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with UNICOM, information collected through one source may be combined with information UNICOM obtains through Third Party Marketing Consultants.
This may include information that allows us to identify you across multiple devices through which you access our websites.
How We Use Personal Information.
UNICOM uses your Personal Information to.
Deliver the services and support or carry out the transactions you have requested.
Send communications to you, such as information about particular UNICOM programs in which you have chosen to participate, information about products and services available from UNICOM and its subsidiaries, promotional offers and surveys.
Customize, analyze, and improve our products, services (including the content on our website), communications and relationship with you.
Enforce website terms and/or separate contracts (if applicable) with you.
Prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities.
Protect the security or integrity of our website(s), our business(es), or our products or services.
or.
Otherwise, as disclosed to you at the point of collection.
Personal Information collected may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which UNICOM or our Third Party Marketing Consultants maintain facilities.
Disclosing Personal Information.
UNICOM Engineering does not sell or distribute your personal data to third parties for direct marketing purposes.
We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal data regarding visitors and users with third parties, for the purposes outlined above.
Please see our Cookie Policy for more information about this sharing.
We do employ third party service providers to assist us with our marketing activities and or support services.
We will only provide those third parties the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
We may also disclose your Personal Information in connection with law enforcement, fraud prevention or other legal action.
as required by law or regulation.
if UNICOM (or a part of UNICOM) is sold or merges with another company.
or if UNICOM reasonably believes it is necessary to protect UNICOM, its customers, or the public.
How You Can Access Your Information.
UNICOM wants to help you keep your Personal Information accurate.
Upon request, we will provide you with reasonable access to the personal information we collect about you.
You will have the opportunity to correct, update, modify, or delete this information by sending an email to To file a complaint, direct messages to or send a written message postmarked to the address within our Contact Us section of this policy.
In addition, you can adjust your marketing email communication preferences (newsletters, blogs, etc.
) by following the link to the subscription center contained in the footer of every outbound email from UNICOM.
We will store your information for eighteen (18) months from last action on our website and/or email communications.
Please note that some information may remain in our records even after you request deletion of your information as permitted by law.
Please allow up to 10 business days for your email preferences to take effect.
Because some promotions are developed in advance, you may sometimes receive solicitations after we receive your preference request.
How We Secure Your Personal Information.
UNICOM takes all reasonable steps to protect your Personal Information from misuse, interference, and loss, as well as unauthorized access, modification or disclosure.
The ways we do this include.
limiting physical access to our premises.
limiting access to the information we collect about you.
ensuring that we and our Third Party Marketing Consultants have appropriate security safeguards to keep personal information secure.
and.
where required by law, destroying or de-identifying Personal Information.
Collection and Use of Children's Personal Information.
UNICOM takes children's privacy seriously.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16 through our websites.
If you are under 16 years of age, please do not submit any personal information through our websites without the express consent and participation of a parent or guardian.
How We and Our Partners Use Cookies.
UNICOM websites use UNICOM and third-party "cookies" to enable you to sign in to our services and to help personalize your online experience.
These technologies and the information collected about you may also be used to track your activity across multiple devices.
We use cookies to store your preferences and other information on your computer in order to save you time by eliminating the need to enter the same information repeatedly.
A cookie is a piece of text that is placed on your computer's hard drive.
Depending on the settings you have selected, your browser adds the text to your device as a small file.
Many browsers are set to accept cookies by default.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies as you prefer.
The Help portion of your web browser, most likely found on the toolbar, typically tells you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Cookies allow you to take advantage of some of UNICOM's essential features, including white paper downloads or event registrations.
Targeted Email Marketing by UNICOM.
Some marketing you receive, including email marketing, may also be personalized based on your visits to unicomengineering.
com and your browsing and download history.
In addition, when you click on some links in email marketing you receive, our email service provider may place a cookie on your browser.
This type of cookie would be linked to your email address or IP address and used to gather information about the products and services you view on unicomengineering.
com.
Information gathered may be used to personalize and customize future email marketing messages you receive.
You may opt out of this use by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided in every personalized email marketing message you receive.
How We and Our Partners Use Web Beacons, Pixel Tags and Tracking Technology.
UNICOM or its Business Partners (agencies) may use web beacons on our websites, in our email messages, in our advertisements on other websites, or in our advertisements in others' email messages.
A web beacon is an electronic image that can be used to recognize a cookie on your computer when you view a web page or email message.
Web beacons help us measure the effectiveness of our website and our advertising in various ways.
For example, web beacons may count the number of individuals who visit our website from a particular email message or they may tell us when a web page is viewed and provide a description of the page where the web beacon is placed.
Web beacons may also measure the effectiveness of our email campaigns, by counting the number of individuals who open or act upon an email message, determining when an email message is opened and determining how many times an email message is forwarded.
Subject to local laws, we may combine the information that we collect through web beacons with other Personal Information we have collected from you.
You can make some web beacons unusable by rejecting cookies in your web browser as described in the How We and Our Partners Use Cookies section above.
When you visit our websites or view one of our email messages, we may use pixel tags (also called "clear" gifs), tracking links and/or similar technology to note some of the pages you visit on our websites.
We may also use pixel tags to determine what types of email your browser supports.
We may use the information collected through web beacons, pixel tags, tracking links and similar technology in combination with your Personal Information to personalize your experience on unicomengineering.
com.
Social Media Features.
Our website includes social media features, including LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube buttons.
These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
Social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site.
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Links to Third-Party Websites and Services.
Please be aware that UNICOM provides links to other websites, which if you click on them may collect Personal Information about you.
The information practices of those third-party websites linked to unicomengineering.
com are not covered by this Privacy Statement.
Changes to This Privacy Statement.
We will occasionally update this Privacy Statement.
If we make changes to this Privacy Statement or make any material changes to how we use your Personal Information, we will revise this Privacy Statement.
At that time, we will notify you via an email communication detailing the changes with a link to the subscription center where you can further adjust your preferences.
This policy is always available for review on our website footer from any page.
Contacting Us.
If you would like to contact us for any reason regarding our privacy practices, please write to us at the following addresses.
North AmericaUNICOM Engineering Attention.
Privacy UNICOM Engineering, Inc.
3501 E Plano Pkwy Plano, TX 75074 USA 972.
633.
3400.
EuropeUNICOM Engineering Attention.
Privacy UNICOM Engineering, Inc.
Parkmore West Business Park Ballybrit Galway Ireland +353 91 426 700.
View our services.
Its the services that bring it all together.
learn more >.
Check out our platforms.
Best-in-class solutions to meet your exact needs.
learn more >.
Visit support page.
Take a closer look at the many ways we support our customers.
learn more >.
Need more info.
We have plenty of resources that can help you.
learn more >.
Connect With Us.
Contact.
Site Map.
Legal.
Privacy.
Cookie Preferences.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
UNICOM GLOBAL PRODUCT CATALOG.
