2 Followers.
Jun 24, 2021.
How AI Can Transform Your Demand Planning Process.
From time savings and operational agility to action-ready supply chain insights, Artificial Intelligence is the future of demand planning — and that future is now.
by Sophie Guimaraes | June 23, 2021 The Power of Data Science Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) are two interconnected data science tools that can help businesses actively….
6 min read.
Jun 24, 2021.
Artificial Intelligence Vs.
Machine Learning.
Exploring the Venn diagram of two branches of data science, plus how they impact businesses in the CPG industry by Sophie Guimaraes | June 21, 2021 Artificial Intelligence (AI) is everywhere these days — blink and there’s a new application for it, a new take on it, and maybe even….
5 min read.
Jun 14, 2021.
3 Essential Demand Planning Analytics That Every CPG Brand Should Automate.
To keep up with an industry that’s evolving at breakneck speeds, your brand needs instant access to the kinds of actionable datasets that will enable you to make the right decisions fast.
by Sophie Guimaraes & Jonathan Zalman| June 14, 2021 CPG.
A Fast and Furious Industry The CPG industry has always been fast-moving.
Though certain….
5 min read.
May 17, 2021.
Essential SKU Strategy Guide.
Implementing a consistent and scalable SKU strategy is critical to effective inventory management and overall growth.
So what’s the best way to get the job done.
by Jonathan Zalman | December 4, 2019 Introduction In the world of big data, unique identifiers are king.
One type of unique identifier is called….
5 min read.
May 17, 2021.
Guide to Excess Inventory.
What Is It and How Can It Impact Your CPG Business.
Carrying and managing excess can be very costly, and it’s important to know the risks involved.
We examine the causes of overstock as well as its impact on inventory management and supply chain operations.
By Jonathan Zalman | December 26, 2019 It’s no secret that properly managing inventory is a….
6 min read.
May 17, 2021.
5 Ways to Strengthen the Foundations of Your Business.
From solidifying financials to utilizing technology to maximize efficiencies, here are 5 actionable steps to help you gain perspective and implement strategies to overcome the inevitable challenges that may be thrown your way.
By Kunal Kohli | April 2, 2020 Intro For CPG brands, uncertainty is a daily reality.
The day-to-day….
6 min read.
May 14, 2021.
Using an ERP.
Here’s How to Scale Your Demand Planning and S&OP Process.
Whether you use SAP, NetSuite, CIN7, Katana, DEAR Systems, Fishbowl, a Microsoft ERP, or another tool, chances are it’s time to ditch the spreadsheets and adopt a more scalable demand planning solution — which integrates with your ERP.
By Sophie Guimaraes, Kunal Kohli & Jonathan Zalman | May 14, 2021 In this article we examine… ….
8 min read.
May 14, 2021.
How CPG Brands Can Prepare For Back-to-School Season [Updated].
In a consumer-driven supply chain, preparing for drastic shifts in purchasing behavior is a must.
Use this guide to anticipate these changes during the school year, when demand variables are sure to throw off sales and supply plans.
By Kunal Kohli| September 14, 2020 | Updated May 14, 2021 What will education look like this upcoming fall.
Across….
8 min read.
May 14, 2021.
The New Rules of Demand Planning.
Complete Guide for 2021 and Beyond.
In a year marked by unprecedented changes, our demand planning eBook is the essential guide to navigating the new normal of CPG.
We explain why automation, data, and AI are vital to high forecast accuracy, supply chain efficiencies, and consumer insights.
by Jonathan Zalman and Miguel Gonzalez | August 3….
13 min read.
May 13, 2021.
3 Features Every CPG Brand Should Consider When Choosing an IBP Platform.
IBP platforms allow for a holistic approach to decision-making, but different brands have different needs.
Here are 3 features CPG brands should look for when choosing the right IBP platform.
by Sophie Guimaraes & Jonathan Zalman | March 9, 2021 Introduction.
Think Holistically and Get In Sync What’s vital to one brand’s growth strategy may not be….
5 min read.
Unioncrate.
AI-Driven Supply Chain Planning Platform for CPG Brands.
Future of SaaS.
Future of SaaS.
Nielsen.
Nielsen.
CB Insights.
CB Insights.
Shastri Mahadeo.
Shastri Mahadeo.
Luhar Anahtsa.
Luhar Anahtsa.
See all (6).
Help.
Status.
Writers.
Blog.
Careers.
Privacy.
Terms.
About.
Knowable.
