About Us.
Companies.
Project Stories.
Ecosystem.
Your Contacts.
Career.
About Us.
Companies.
Project Stories.
Ecosystem.
Your Contacts.
Career.
DE.
NOTES ON DATA PROTECTION.
Within the UNITY group of companies, there are legally independent companies.
These operate as follows.
UNITY AG ( UNITY Switzerland AG ( UNITY Austria GmbH ( UNITY Business Consulting (Shanghai) Co.
, Ltd.
( UNITY Egypt Ltd.
and UNITY CONSULTORIA EMPRESARIAL E INOVAÇÃO LTDA (.
The following privacy policy applies to all UNITY companies and their websites.
For reasons of readability, only UNITY is mentioned in the following document.
All websites are operated by UNITY AG in Germany.
Privacy Policy on the Website UNITY welcomes every visit to our website and the interest shown in the company and its range of services.
The protection of personal data is an important concern for us.
All UNITY web activities are carried out in accordance with the applicable legal regulations for the protection of personal data and data security.
This privacy policy explains how UNITY handles information that is collected when the UNITY website is visited.
Collection and Processing of Personal DataPersonal data includes all information regarding identity such as name, email address or postal address.
Such data will only be stored, if this is made available to UNITY voluntarily or with prior consent, e.
g.
if studies/information material is ordered or the newsletter is subscribed to.
This data is then stored and processed accordingly.
Contact FormIf you send us enquiries using the contact form, your details from the enquiry form, including the contact data you provided there, will be stored for the purpose of processing the enquiry and in the event of follow-up questions.
We will not pass on this data without your consent.
The data entered in the contact form is therefore processed exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a DSGVO).
You can revoke this consent at any time.
All you need to do is send us an informal e-mail.
The legality of the data processing processes carried out up to the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.
The data entered by you in the contact form will remain with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent for storage or the purpose for data storage ceases to apply.
Mandatory statutory provisions – in particular retention periods – remain unaffected.
Use and Disclosure of Personal DataUNITY uses personal data exclusively for the sole purpose of technical administration of the websites in order to provide access to special information and other communication for the previously determined purpose.
UNITY will neither pass on personal data to third parties nor use it in any other way.
UNITY employees are obliged to maintain confidentiality.
Freedom of ChoiceThe user is free to decide which information is made available to UNITY.
If the user does not wish to submit any information, individual contents of the website may not be accessible.
Subscribers to a newsletter can unsubscribe from these communication services at any time at.
If your personal data has changed (e.
g.
zip code, e-mail or postal address), you can also inform UNITY by e-mail at.
to correct or update the data.
Automatically Collected InformationWhen you access the UNITY website, general information that is not personal (e.
g.
Internet browser used, number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed) is collected automatically (i.
e.
not via registration).
This information is used to improve the appeal, content and functionality of the website.
A further use or the passing on of data does not take place in this case as well.
Cookies/Google AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc.
(“Google”).
Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer to help the website analyze how users use the site.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) is transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
In addition, Google Analytics has been extended on this website to include the code “gat.
_anonymizeIp ().
” provided by Google in order to ensure anonymous capture of IP addresses.
Before transmission, the last two digits of the IP address are truncated so that identification of the user is not possible.
Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity for website operators and to provide other services associated with the use of the website and the Internet.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties if required by law or if third parties process this data on behalf of Google.
Under no circumstances will Google associate your IP address with other data stored by Google.
You can prevent the installation of cookies simply by setting your browser software accordingly.
The collection and use of your IP address by Google Analytics can be objected to at any time with effect for the future.
For this purpose, it is possible to install a browser plug-in provided by Google.
The plug-in and more information can be found on the Google website at tools.
google.
com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Google Ads Conversion TrackingGoogle Ads conversion tracking will be used if you agree to cookies being set when visiting this website.
This is a web analytics service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Dublin, Ireland (“Google”).
If you arrive at this website via a Google ad, Google Ads will store a conversion cookie on your device.
These cookies usually lose their validity after 30 days and are not intended to identify you personally.
Each website visitor receives their own cookie through Google Ads.
Therefore, cookies cannot be tracked through the website by other website visitors.
Based on the cookie, it can be seen that someone has clicked on the ad and thus arrived at this website.
The information collected by the conversion cookie also enables conversion statistics to be compiled, including the total number of website visitors who clicked on the Google ad and were redirected to this website.
At no time is information collected by which a website visitor can be personally identified.
For more information about Google’s privacy policy, click here.
.
Google Tag ManagerThis website uses Google Tag Manager, a web analytics service provided by Google.
Google Tag Manager is used to manage tags that are used on the website.
The tool itself is a cookie-less domain and does not store any personal data.
Google reCAPTCHATo protect against misuse by non-human visitors (bots) and to prevent spam, this website uses the reCAPTCHA service of Google Ireland Limited, Dublin, Ireland (“Google”).
The purpose of reCAPTCHA is to verify whether the data entered on our website is made by a human or by an automated program.
Thus, reCAPTCHA analyzes the behavior of the website visitor based on various characteristics.
When reCAPTCHA is started, your browser establishes a connection to Google’s servers.
In order to analyze the behavior, the following data, among others, are processed by Google.
Referrer URL (the address of the page from which the visitor came)IP addressFull page screenshot of the browser windowInformation about the operating systemCookiesMouse and keyword behaviorDwell timeUser device settings (e.
g.
date and language settings, location, browser, screen resolution…)All Java Script objectsCookies are used for the processing of the service.
These cookies require a unique identifier for tracking purposes.
According to Google, the IP address is not combined with other Google data unless you are logged in with your Google account while using reCAPTCHA.
First, the reCAPTCHA algorithm checks whether Google cookies from other Google services are already placed on your browser.
Then, reCAPTCHA places an additional cookie on your browser and captures a snapshot of your browser window.
You can get more information about Google reCAPTCHA here.
.
HotjarThis website uses Hotjar ( The provider is Hotjar Ltd Dragonara Business Centre 5th Floor, Dragonara Road, Paceville St Julian’s STJ 3141 Malta, Europe.
Hotjar is a tool for analyzing user behavior on this website.
Hotjar allows us to record users’ mouse and scroll movements, as well as dwell time and clicks.
From this information, Hotjar creates so-called heat maps that can be used to determine which areas of the website are viewed preferentially by the user.
Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect information about the behavior of our users and their end devices – for example, IP address, screen size, device type, browser and location (country only).
Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile.
At no time is information collected that can personally identify a website visitor.
The use of Hotjar and the storage of Hotjar cookies are based on Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f DSGVO.
Hotjar cookies remain on your terminal device until you delete them.
If you would like to deactivate the data collection by Hotjar, click on the following opt-out link.
.
For more information on Hotjar’s data protection policy, please click here.
.
Online Presence in Social MediaUNITY has an online presence on social networks and platforms in order to be able to communicate with its customers, interested parties and users that are active there and to inform them about our services there.
We would like to point out that in doing so, user data may be processed outside the area of the European Union.
Therefore, the enforcement of users’ rights may be more difficult.
US providers that are certified under the Privacy Shield thereby undertake to comply with the data protection standards of the EU.
User data can be processed for market research and advertising purposes.
For example, user profiles can be created from the user’s behavior and the resulting interests.
These profiles can be used, for example, to publish advertisements within and outside the social media platforms that presumably reflect the users’ interests.
For this purpose, cookies are stored on the users’ end devices, in which the users’ behavior and presumed interests are saved.
Data can also be stored independent of the end devices used, especially if the users maintain profiles in the respective networks and are logged into them.
The processing of users’ personal data is based on our legitimate interests in providing users with effective information and communication with users pursuant to Article 6 Para.
1 Letter f.
of the DSGVO.
If the users are asked by the respective providers of the platforms for consent to the aforementioned data processing, the legal basis of the processing is Article 6 Para.
1 Letter a.
, Article 7 of the DSGVO.
For a detailed description of the respective processing and the opt-out options, please refer to the information of the providers linked below.
Also in the case of requests for information and the assertion of user rights, we point out that these can be asserted most effectively with the providers.
Only the providers have access to the users’ data and can take appropriate measures and provide information directly.
If you still need help, please can contact us.
Facebook, FB Pages, FB Groups (Facebook Ireland Ltd.
, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland) based on an agreement on joint processing of personal data.
Privacy Policy.
especially for pages.
und  Shield.
.
Google (Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA).
Privacy Policy.
Shield.
.
Instagram (Instagram Inc.
, 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA).
Privacy Policy/ Opt-Out.
.
Twitter (Twitter Inc.
, 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA).
Privacy Policy.
Shield.
.
YouTube Our website uses plugins from the Google-operated site YouTube (YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave.
, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA).
When you visit one of our pages equipped with a YouTube plugin, a connection is created to the YouTube servers.
In the process, the YouTube server is informed which of our pages you have visited.
If you are logged into your YouTube account, you enable YouTube to assign your surfing behavior directly to your personal profile.
You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.
YouTube is used in the interest of an appealing presentation of our online offers.
Privacy Policy.
Shield.
.
XING (XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Germany).
Privacy Policy/ Opt-Out.
Conversion TrackingThis website uses LinkedIn Conversion Tracking and the retargeting function of the LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, based in Dublin, Ireland (“LinkedIn”).
With the help of this technology, visitors to this website can be reached with personalized advertisements on LinkedIn.
Furthermore, it is possible to create anonymous performance reports as well as retrieve information on website interaction.
To achieve this, the LinkedIn Insight tag is embedded on this website and it establishes a connection to the LinkedIn server if you visit this website while logged into your LinkedIn account at the same time.
The information collected by the LinkedIn Insight tag regarding your use of our website is encrypted and deleted within 90 days.
We process your data to evaluate campaigns and collect information about website visitors who may have reached us through our campaigns on LinkedIn.
More information about the third party provider.
Privacy Policy.
members can deactivate data collection at any time under the following link.
.
SecurityUNITY takes great care to protect your personal data from loss, destruction, falsification, manipulation and unauthorized access.
The legal data protection regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany are also observed.
Links to Other WebsitesThis privacy statement applies to all UNITY websites.
The websites may contain links to other providers within and outside UNITY, to which the data protection declaration does not extend.
When you leave the UNITY websites, it is recommended that you read the privacy policy of each website carefully that collects personal data.
Right to InformationIf you have any questions regarding the processing of your personal data, you can contact the data protection officer.
UNITY AGDatenschutzLindberghring 133142 BürenE-Mail.
.
Upon request, you will be informed in writing in accordance with applicable law whether and which personal data UNITY has stored about you through its websites.
If you also wish to revoke the use of your data, please send it to this address for data protection at UNITY.
Notification of ChangesAny changes to our privacy policy will be posted in this privacy statement, the homepage, and any other places that we deem appropriate.
