Privacy Statement.
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for  and all website on this domain.
The UTT Website contains links to external Websites.
UTT is not responsible for the privacy practices or policies of those sites not housed on UTT servers.
Email Policy.
We will not share, sell, rent, swap or authorize any third party to use your email address for commercial purposes without your permission.
Active Scripting or JavaScript.
Scripting is used by  to improve the functionality of the Website.
Using scripting technology allows  to return information more quickly to the user.
Scripting is never used by  to install software on the user’s computer or to collect unauthorized information from the user.
Active scripting or JavaScript must be enabled in the browser for some portions of  to work correctly.
Most Web browsers allow this feature to be enabled or disabled for specific Websites.
Consult the Web browser help documentation to learn how to enable scripting for selected Websites.
If ever it proves necessary to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
Information Collected by UTT.
In addition to information actively provided by individuals using UTT Websites, the UTT Web servers routinely record the following information each time the sites are used.
Internet address of the computer being used.
Web pages requested.
Network software access.
Referring Web page.
Browser used.
Date, time and duration of activity.
Passwords and accounts accessed.
Volume of data storage and transfers.
Server space used for e-mail.
UTT uses this information to monitor and preserve the functioning and integrity of the system.
UTT may use such aggregate information to improve access to content based on visitors’ browsers and operating system types to make content available to as many online visitors as possible.
UTT does not link the log data collected to the personal information that one submits online when participating in or signing up for UTT programs and activities.
In cases of suspected violations of UTT policies, especially unauthorized access to computing systems, the system administrator concerned may authorize detailed session logging.
This may involve capturing and retaining a complete keystroke log of an entire session.
In addition, a system administrator for the equipment involved may authorize limited searching of user files on individual or networked computers to gather evidence on a suspected violation.
Cookies are short pieces of information used by Web browsers to remember information provided by the user, such as passwords and preferences from past visits.
Additional information on cookies is available at the Cookie Central Website  and in this publication from the Department of Energy Computer Incident Advisory Center.
Some UTT Websites, such as the Interactive Registrar's Website, use cookies to store service information.
Some Web-based services require cookies for access.
UTT does not store any personal information in cookies nor do we link or combine information collected through cookies to any personal information that children submit online when participating in UTT activities.
Additionally, cookies can be disabled on most personal computers by indicating this in the preferences or options menus in the browser.
Security.
Although every effort is made to secure network communications, UTT cannot ensure the privacy of online communications.
Individuals using online services should also take steps to protect personal information, such as closing the Web browser when finished using the site.
Failure to do so may result in personal information being viewed by someone else using the same computer.
UTT takes steps to ensure that personally identifiable information collected is secure, including limiting the number of people who have access to our database servers as well as electronic security systems with password protections that guard against unauthorized access.
Changes to this Policy.
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time.
Any such changes will be posted on this page.
