This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
We and selected partners use cookies or similar technologies to ensure you get the best experience on the Teamtailor website.
With respect to cookies that are not considered necessary (as specified in the Cookie Policy), we and our selected partners may use cookies for the following purposes.
personalized website experience, develop and improve products and in some cases targeted advertisement that are based on your interests.
You can manage or disable cookies by clicking on "Manage cookies" at the bottom of each website page.
Select which cookies you accept.
When you visit this website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies.
This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the website work as you expect it to.
The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience.
Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Below is a list of different categories of cookies that may be set and that you can freely change.
However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
These cookies are required and must be accepted to use this site.
These cookies collect data about how visitors use this website.
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make and provide enhanced, more personal features.
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests.
Start.
Jobs.
Data & Privacy.
Request my data.
You may at any time request information about the personal data we have about you.
Remove my data.
Vaisto Solutions will remove all your personal information and you will no longer be contacted about job opportunities.
Manage my consent.
Login to Connect to see and manage your consent.
Privacy Policy.
Read more about how Vaisto Solutions collects and processes your personal data.
Cookie policy.
Find out more about how we use cookies to improve your user experience on our website.
Manage cookie preferences.
About Vaisto Solutions.
Based in the vibrant city of Tampere, Finland, we are a team of highly-skilled forward-thinkers who elevate solutions to life.
We work hard to discover ingenious answers to any ambiguous obstacle.
The Vaisto team believes in team collaboration, lifelong education and superb technological innovation.
Start.
Jobs.
Data & privacy.
Manage cookies.
