Retailers.
Help.
Signature Guarantee.
About Us.
Sustainability.
Renewed.
login.
Women                                                                    Apparel                                                                                                    All Women's Apparel                                                                                                                    Jerseys                                                                                                                    Bibs, Shorts & Tights                                                                                                                    Jackets & Vests                                                                                                                    Base Layers                                                                                                                    Socks & Shoe Covers                                                                                                                    Gloves & Caps                                                                                                                    Casual                                                                                                                    Warmers                                                                                                                    Accessories                                                                                                                    Gift Cards                                                                                                    Featured Collections                                                                                                    New Arrivals                                                                                                                    Best Sellers                                                                                                                    Extended Sizes                                                                                                                    Recycled and Natural Fiber                                                                                                                    Final Sale                                                                                                    Riding Styles                                                                                                    Road                                                                                                                    Gravel                                                                                                                    Trail                                                                                                                    Commute.
Apparel                                                                                                    All Women's Apparel                                                                                                                    Jerseys                                                                                                                    Bibs, Shorts & Tights                                                                                                                    Jackets & Vests                                                                                                                    Base Layers                                                                                                                    Socks & Shoe Covers                                                                                                                    Gloves & Caps                                                                                                                    Casual                                                                                                                    Warmers                                                                                                                    Accessories                                                                                                                    Gift Cards.
All Women's Apparel.
Jerseys.
Bibs, Shorts & Tights.
Jackets & Vests.
Base Layers.
Socks & Shoe Covers.
Gloves & Caps.
Casual.
Warmers.
Accessories.
Gift Cards.
Featured Collections                                                                                                    New Arrivals                                                                                                                    Best Sellers                                                                                                                    Extended Sizes                                                                                                                    Recycled and Natural Fiber                                                                                                                    Final Sale.
New Arrivals.
Best Sellers.
Extended Sizes.
Recycled and Natural Fiber.
Final Sale.
Riding Styles                                                                                                    Road                                                                                                                    Gravel                                                                                                                    Trail                                                                                                                    Commute.
Road.
Gravel.
Trail.
Commute.
Men                                                                    Apparel                                                                                                    All Men's Apparel                                                                                                                    Jerseys                                                                                                                    Bibs, Shorts & Tights                                                                                                                    Jackets & Vests                                                                                                                    Base Layers                                                                                                                    Socks & Shoe Covers                                                                                                                    Gloves & Caps                                                                                                                    Casual                                                                                                                    Warmers                                                                                                                    Accessories                                                                                                                    Gift Cards                                                                                                    Featured Collections                                                                                                    New Arrivals                                                                                                                    Best Sellers                                                                                                                    Extended Sizes                                                                                                                    Recycled and Natural Fiber                                                                                                                    Final Sale                                                                                                    Riding Styles                                                                                                    Road                                                                                                                    Gravel                                                                                                                    Trail                                                                                                                    Commute.
Apparel                                                                                                    All Men's Apparel                                                                                                                    Jerseys                                                                                                                    Bibs, Shorts & Tights                                                                                                                    Jackets & Vests                                                                                                                    Base Layers                                                                                                                    Socks & Shoe Covers                                                                                                                    Gloves & Caps                                                                                                                    Casual                                                                                                                    Warmers                                                                                                                    Accessories                                                                                                                    Gift Cards.
All Men's Apparel.
Jerseys.
Bibs, Shorts & Tights.
Jackets & Vests.
Base Layers.
Socks & Shoe Covers.
Gloves & Caps.
Casual.
Warmers.
Accessories.
Gift Cards.
Featured Collections                                                                                                    New Arrivals                                                                                                                    Best Sellers                                                                                                                    Extended Sizes                                                                                                                    Recycled and Natural Fiber                                                                                                                    Final Sale.
New Arrivals.
Best Sellers.
Extended Sizes.
Recycled and Natural Fiber.
Final Sale.
Riding Styles                                                                                                    Road                                                                                                                    Gravel                                                                                                                    Trail                                                                                                                    Commute.
Road.
Gravel.
Trail.
Commute.
TRAIL                                                                    About                                                                                                    TRAIL Collection                                                                                                    Apparel                                                                                                    Women's                                                                                                                    Men's                                                                                                                    Accessories.
About                                                                                                    TRAIL Collection.
TRAIL Collection.
Apparel                                                                                                    Women's                                                                                                                    Men's                                                                                                                    Accessories.
Women's.
Men's.
Accessories.
Culture                                                                    Who We Are                                                                                                    A Better Way.
Our Mission                                                                                                                    Velocio Milestones                                                                                                    Journal                                                                                                    Utility Bib Short                                                                                                                    Ice Dye                                                                                                                    Color Lookbook S/S '22                                                                                                                    Transitions                                                                                                                    The Power of 100                                                                                                    Ambassadors                                                                                                    Stories From Our Ambassadors                                                                                                                    Meet Our Ambassadors                                                                                                                    Velocio // Exploro                                                                                                                    No Borders.
Velocio | BMC | SRAM Gravel Team                                                                                                                    Katerina Nash                                                                                                    Sustainability                                                                                                    The Trouble with Bike Apparel                                                                                                                    Sustaining Our Brand                                                                                                                    Why We Became Members of 1% for the Planet.
Who We Are                                                                                                    A Better Way.
Our Mission                                                                                                                    Velocio Milestones.
A Better Way.
Our Mission.
Velocio Milestones.
Journal                                                                                                    Utility Bib Short                                                                                                                    Ice Dye                                                                                                                    Color Lookbook S/S '22                                                                                                                    Transitions                                                                                                                    The Power of 100.
Utility Bib Short.
Ice Dye.
Color Lookbook S/S '22.
Transitions.
The Power of 100.
Ambassadors                                                                                                    Stories From Our Ambassadors                                                                                                                    Meet Our Ambassadors                                                                                                                    Velocio // Exploro                                                                                                                    No Borders.
Velocio | BMC | SRAM Gravel Team                                                                                                                    Katerina Nash.
Stories From Our Ambassadors.
Meet Our Ambassadors.
Velocio // Exploro.
No Borders.
Velocio | BMC | SRAM Gravel Team.
Katerina Nash.
Sustainability                                                                                                    The Trouble with Bike Apparel                                                                                                                    Sustaining Our Brand                                                                                                                    Why We Became Members of 1% for the Planet.
The Trouble with Bike Apparel.
Sustaining Our Brand.
Why We Became Members of 1% for the Planet.
Service                                                                    Support                                                                                                    Help Center                                                                                                                    Signature Guarantee                                                                                                                    Orders & Shipping                                                                                                                    Returns & Exchanges                                                                                                                    Repairs & Warranty                                                                                                                    Product Info & FAQ                                                                                                                    Product Care                                                                                                                    Retailers                                                                                                                    Contact Us                                                                                                    Product Guides                                                                                                    FlyFree                                                                                                                    Layering Guide                                                                                                                    Jersey Guide                                                                                                                    Long Sleeve Jersey Guide                                                                                                                    Bib Short Guide                                                                                                                    Bib Tights Guide                                                                                                                    Vest Guide                                                                                                                    Jacket Guide                                                                                                                    Glove Guide                                                                                                    Size Charts                                                                                                    Women's Size Chart                                                                                                                    Men's Size Chart                                                                                                                    Fit and Size Guide.
Support                                                                                                    Help Center                                                                                                                    Signature Guarantee                                                                                                                    Orders & Shipping                                                                                                                    Returns & Exchanges                                                                                                                    Repairs & Warranty                                                                                                                    Product Info & FAQ                                                                                                                    Product Care                                                                                                                    Retailers                                                                                                                    Contact Us.
Help Center.
Signature Guarantee.
Orders & Shipping.
Returns & Exchanges.
Repairs & Warranty.
Product Info & FAQ.
Product Care.
Retailers.
Contact Us.
Product Guides                                                                                                    FlyFree                                                                                                                    Layering Guide                                                                                                                    Jersey Guide                                                                                                                    Long Sleeve Jersey Guide                                                                                                                    Bib Short Guide                                                                                                                    Bib Tights Guide                                                                                                                    Vest Guide                                                                                                                    Jacket Guide                                                                                                                    Glove Guide.
FlyFree.
Layering Guide.
Jersey Guide.
Long Sleeve Jersey Guide.
Bib Short Guide.
Bib Tights Guide.
Vest Guide.
Jacket Guide.
Glove Guide.
Size Charts                                                                                                    Women's Size Chart                                                                                                                    Men's Size Chart                                                                                                                    Fit and Size Guide.
Women's Size Chart.
Men's Size Chart.
Fit and Size Guide.
login.
Retailers.
Help.
Signature Guarantee.
About Us.
Sustainability.
Renewed.
0.
loading.
SIGNATURE GUARANTEE.
Try it for 30 days.
Risk free.
FREE SHIPPING in the U.
S.
on orders over $100.
YOUR CART IS EMPTY.
Privacy policy.
This Privacy Policy describes how velocio.
cc (the “Site” or “we”) collects, uses, and discloses your Personal    Information when you visit or make a purchase from the Site.
Contact.
After reviewing this policy, if you have additional questions, want more information about our privacy practices, or    would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at .
Collecting Personal Information.
When you visit the Site, we collect certain information about your device, your interaction with the Site, and    information necessary to process your purchases.
We may also collect additional information if you contact us for    customer support.
In this Privacy Policy, we refer to any information about an identifiable individual (including    the information below) as “Personal Information”.
See the list below for more information about what Personal    Information we collect and why.
Device information.
Purpose of collection.
to load the Site accurately for you, and to perform analytics on            Site usage to optimize our Site.
Source of collection.
Collected automatically when you access our Site using cookies, log            files, web beacons, tags, or pixels.
Disclosure for a business purpose.
shared with our processor Shopify, Google Analytics (site performance analytics), Optimizely Data Platform (marketing platform).
Personal Information collected.
version of web browser, IP address, time zone, cookie            information, what sites or products you view, search terms, and how you interact with the Site.
Order information.
Purpose of collection.
to provide products or services to you to fulfill our contract, to            process your payment information, arrange for shipping, and provide you with invoices and/or order            confirmations, communicate with you, screen our orders for potential risk or fraud, and when in line with            the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our            products or services.
Source of collection.
collected from you.
Disclosure for a business purpose.
shared with our processor Shopify, Quickbooks Commerce (inventory management system), CartRover (order integration system), third-party logistics partner Northeast 3PL.
Personal Information collected.
name, billing address, shipping address, payment            information (including credit card numbers), email address, and phone number.
Customer support information.
Purpose of collection.
to provide customer support.
Source of collection.
collected from you.
Disclosure for a business purpose.
shared with Zendesk, our support provider.
Personal Information collected.
Email address required, other information provided by customer as requested.
Sharing Personal Information.
We share your Personal Information with service providers to help us provide our services and fulfill our contracts    with you, as described above.
For example.
We use Shopify to power our online store.
You can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information        here.
.
We use Quickbooks Commerce to process orders and Quickbooks for accounting.
Privacy Policy.
.
We use CartRover to communicate orders from Quickbooks Commerce to our third-party logistics partner.
Privacy Policy.
.
We fulfill orders from our third-party logistics partner Northeast 3PL.
Privacy policy.
.
Behavioural Advertising.
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing    communications we believe may be of interest to you.
For example.
We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site.
We also use Google for advertising.
You        can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here.
You can also opt-out of Google        Analytics here.
.
We use Facebook and Instagram for targeted marketing.
Facebook's privacy policy can be found here.
.
We use Nextroll for marekting and advertising.
Policy police here.
.
For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”)    educational page at .
You can opt out of targeted advertising at the below links.
Facebook/Instagram - .
Google - .
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal    at.
.
Using Personal Information.
We use your personal Information to provide our services to you, which includes.
offering products for sale,    processing payments, shipping and fulfillment of your order, and keeping you up to date on new products, services,    and offers.
Lawful basis.
Pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), if you are a resident of the European Economic Area    (“EEA”), we process your personal information under the following lawful bases.
Your consent.
The performance of the contract between you and the Site.
Compliance with our legal obligations.
For our legitimate interests, which do not override your fundamental rights and freedoms.
Retention.
When you place an order through the Site, we will retain your Personal Information for our records unless and until    you ask us to erase this information.
For more information on your right of erasure, please see the ‘Your rights’    section below.
Automatic decision-making.
If you are a resident of the EEA, you have the right to object to processing based solely on automated    decision-making (which includes profiling), when that decision-making has a legal effect on you or otherwise    significantly affects you.
We do not engage in fully automated decision-making that has a legal or otherwise significant effect    using customer data.
Our processor Shopify uses limited automated decision-making to prevent fraud that does not have a legal or otherwise    significant effect on you.
Services that include elements of automated decision-making include.
Temporary blacklist of IP addresses associated with repeated failed transactions.
This blacklist persists for a        small number of hours.
Temporary blacklist of credit cards associated with blacklisted IP addresses.
This blacklist persists for a        small number of days.
GDPR.
If you are a resident of the EEA, you have the right to access the Personal Information we hold about you, to port it    to a new service, and to ask that your Personal Information be corrected, updated, or erased.
If you would like to    exercise these rights, please make a request through this form.
Compliance Request.
Your Personal Information will be initially processed in Ireland and then will be transferred outside of Europe for    storage and further processing, including to Canada and the United States.
For more information on how data    transfers comply with the GDPR, see Shopify's GDPR Whitepaper.
.
CCPA.
If you are a resident of California, you have the right to access the Personal Information we hold about you (also    known as the 'Right to Know'), to port it to a new service, and to ask that your Personal Information be corrected,    updated, or erased.
If you would like to exercise these rights, please contact us through this form.
Compliance Request.
If you would like to designate an authorized agent to submit these requests on your behalf, please contact us at the    address above.
Cookies.
A cookie is a small amount of information that’s downloaded to your computer or device when you visit our Site.
We    use a number of different cookies, including functional, performance, advertising, and social media or content    cookies.
Cookies make your browsing experience better by allowing the website to remember your actions and    preferences (such as login and region selection).
This means you don’t have to re-enter this information each time    you return to the site or browse from one page to another.
Cookies also provide information on how people use the    website, for instance whether it’s their first time visiting or if they are a frequent visitor.
We use the following cookies to optimize your experience on our Site and to provide our services.
Cookies Necessary for the Functioning of the Store.
Reporting and Analytics.
The length of time that a cookie remains on your computer or mobile device depends on whether it is a “persistent” or    “session” cookie.
Session cookies last until you stop browsing and persistent cookies last until they expire or are    deleted.
Most of the cookies we use are persistent and will expire between 30 minutes and two years from the date    they are downloaded to your device.
You can control and manage cookies in various ways.
Please keep in mind that removing or blocking cookies can    negatively impact your user experience and parts of our website may no longer be fully accessible.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can choose whether or not to accept cookies through your browser    controls, often found in your browser’s “Tools” or “Preferences” menu.
For more information on how to modify your    browser settings or how to block, manage or filter cookies can be found in your browser’s help file or through such    sites as.
.
Additionally, please note that blocking cookies may not completely prevent how we share information with third    parties such as our advertising partners.
To exercise your rights or opt-out of certain uses of your information by    these parties, please follow the instructions in the “Behavioural Advertising” section above.
Privacy Preferences.
We use Osano to allow you to manage your privacy preferences.
You can control what cookies and scripts are enabled by clicking here.
Osano Privacy Settings.
Do Not Track.
Please note that because there is no consistent industry understanding of how to respond to “Do Not Track” signals,    we do not alter our data collection and usage practices when we detect such a signal from your browser.
Changes.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for    other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons.
Complaints.
As noted above, if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail or by mail using the details    provided under “Contact” above.
Last updated.
May 6 2022.
