Phone.
+91 9959677669 | +91 9553777669.
Email.
.
HOME.
SOLUTIONS.
PRODUCTS.
SOFTWARE.
CONTACT US.
Privacy Policy.
Introduction.
VIGNAN INSTRUMENTS/VLOGSOFT created this privacy policy to demonstrate company commitment to privacy.
We formulated this policy for the trust customers have in us, with personal information hence the sites have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, alteration of information which is provided.
VIGNAN INSTRUMENTS/VLOGSOFT is committed to providing privacy to our customers & visitors.
This policy is to bring before you the information that we collect, why we collect and what we do with it.
further ensuring that VIGNAN INSTRUMENTS/VLOGSOFT is compliant with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) standards.
This privacy policy is applicable to the below-mentioned domains.
•	                                •	                                •	Vloglive Mobile App.
Personal Information.
One can visit VIGNAN INSTRUMENTS/VLOGSOFT on the Internet without entering any personal details.
The website collects only the information which is provided on the site such as feedback and e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail.
To provide appropriate information based on the request from customers or visitors, we may ask for personal information.
•	Name                                •	Phone Number                                •	Email                                •	Address                                •	Digital information viz.
, Internet Service Provider (ISP), IP address, browser type, OS, device details etc.
,                                •	Details viz.
location, cookies, time spent on pages, the information being browsed etc.
To provide relevant information we need the details as mentioned above.
We assure that VIGNAN INSTRUMENTS/VLOGSOFT will not use any of the information for any irrelevant purpose or for any automatic decisions.
Sharing of Personal Information.
VIGNAN INSTRUMENTS/VLOGSOFT will not share any of the personal information to third parties for marketing purposes without taking prior permission.
Personal information will be shared for data processing, storage, or for providing specific information as per request within the company and we adhere to data privacy policies & obligations.
Special Information.
VIGNAN INSTRUMENTS/VLOGSOFT will not ask for any of delicate information unless required by the law such as in the event of a court case.
•	Racial information                                •	Political / Religious / Philosophical views                                •	Genetic or biometric information                                •	Health / Mortality / Sex-related information                                •	We will not collect any personal information of children under 18.
If personal information is provided knowingly or unknowingly, we will connect with Parent for consent or delete the relevant information.
Third Party sites.
There may be third party websites linked VIGNAN INSTRUMENTS/VLOGSOFT websites.
VIGNAN INSTRUMENTS/VLOGSOFT Privacy/Security policy will not apply for any third-party websites which are linked from the website.
The third-party related stuff line logos, brands & names used on the website are the property of respective companies.
VIGNAN INSTRUMENTS/VLOGSOFT will not share any of personal information with third parties for marketing purposes, without prior approval.
E-Mails.
We may send E-Mails or Newsletters to share product or industry related information for the E-Mails in our data base.
Marketing.
We may do online Marketing & advertisements campaigns through Google owned operated sites & associated sites for reaching targeted & related customers.
We do not share any of customers personal information with any of the third-party or advertising agencies.
Customers who search for relevant information & knowledge for products, Ads may appear for them whom Ads are targeted.
Data Security, Safety, Protection & Processor.
VIGNAN INSTRUMENTS/VLOGSOFT follows appropriate security, relevant rules and processes which will safeguard personal information.
We may keep your personal information for customer & visitors business requirement, or if required under applicable laws.
If someone register with us through online, cookies may be used for providing the information.
.
Data of Customers & Visitors is of utmost important & Protection the data is VIGNAN INSTRUMENTS/VLOGSOFT responsibility.
We use Google (Privacy Policy) as third-party data processor for a variety of work & it is highly secured and comply with various international rules and regulations.
VIGNAN INSTRUMENTS/VLOGSOFT will give relevant information to relevant users within 45 days from the date of request after proper verification.
If information is needed earlier as per law, we will fix time for giving the information at the earliest.
Below information may be given if requested                                •	Personal information of the customer under process.
•	Information about who is having Access rights.
•	Authentication or Modification of personal information                                •	Deletion of personal information if requested by Law                                In case of any information required regarding Data Protection, one can reach as per the details provided below Address.
VIGNAN INSTRUMENTS				                # 5-5-35/51B/1, Plot No.
138Part,                                Prasanthinagar, IDA Kukatpally                                Hyderabad 500072.
+91 9959677669 | +91 9553777669.
Data Breach.
In case of any data breach of personal information/website’s database / third-party data, processors, within 120 hours we will inform about data breach to all relevant authorities.
Updating Privacy Policy.
VIGNAN INSTRUMENTS/VLOGSOFT is having all rights to change, modify or update this statement at any time without prior notice.
Any change in the policy, will appear on the top of this private policy page with updated date.
Contact Us.
VLOG Automation Solutions				                # 5-5-35/51B/1, Plot No.
138Part,                                Prasanthinagar, IDA Kukatpally                                Hyderabad 500072.
+91 9959677669 | +91 9553777669.
OUR VISION.
Provide World Class Innovative, Dependable, Reliable & Trusted Hardware & Software End to End solutions to Customers.
OUR MISSION.
To deliver Real time Monitoring solutions at competitive costs & to provide world class services using quality resources, and to achieve complete customer satisfaction through management excellence.
CUSTOMER SUPPORT.
Technical and support related queries drop us a mail to .
