VISION FOR YOUR AUTOMATION.
Blog.
ResourcesCUSTOMER CASESEVENTSDOCUMENTSVIDEOSWEBINARS.
CUSTOMER CASES.
EVENTS.
DOCUMENTS.
VIDEOS.
WEBINARS.
Contact us.
Home.
Productscirrus3Dcirrus3D conveyor.
cirrus3D.
cirrus3D conveyor.
Applications3D Location3D Robotic Guidance3D Bin picking3D Identification3D Inspection.
3D Location.
3D Robotic Guidance.
3D Bin picking.
3D Identification.
3D Inspection.
ServicesObsolescence RetrofittingSpare PartsTrainingContractsBrochures.
Obsolescence Retrofitting.
Spare Parts.
Training.
Contracts.
Brochures.
IndustriesAutomotiveFoundry.
Automotive.
Foundry.
About us.
Home.
Productscirrus3Dcirrus3D conveyor.
cirrus3D.
cirrus3D conveyor.
Applications3D Location3D Robotic Guidance3D Bin picking3D Identification3D Inspection.
3D Location.
3D Robotic Guidance.
3D Bin picking.
3D Identification.
3D Inspection.
ServicesOBSOLESCENCE RETROFITTINGSPARE PARTSTRAININGCONTRACTSBROCHURES.
OBSOLESCENCE RETROFITTING.
SPARE PARTS.
TRAINING.
CONTRACTS.
BROCHURES.
IndustriesAutomotiveFoundry.
Automotive.
Foundry.
About us.
Blog.
ResourcesCustomer CasesEventsProduct DocumentsVideosWebinars.
Customer Cases.
Events.
Product Documents.
Videos.
Webinars.
Contact.
Legal Notice.
visionerf.
com is published by .
VISIO NERF SASA with a capital of 1,000,000 €Head office.
ZI de la Caille Craftsmen Street F-49340 NUAILLEPublication Director.
Morgan TALATIZISIRET.
379 836 398 00030Intra-EU VAT.
FR57 379 836 398Telephone.
+33 (0) 2 41 30 00 10E-mail.
.
Balance sheetMain shareholdersCouncil Package.
visionerf.
com website was designed by .
Web Agency EnjinE-mail.
enjin.
fr.
visionerf.
com website is hosted by .
OVH2 rue kellermannBP 8015759053 ROUBAIX Cedex 1Telephone.
+33 (0)8 203 203 63E-mail .
.
Intellectual properties.
The content of the visionerf.
com site (build, design, text, images, animations, logo) are the exclusive property of Visionerf.
Any use of any elements of the visionerf.
com site including reproduction, modification, diffusion or republishing without the prior written consent of Visionerf is strictly prohibited.
Any request for approval to reproduce this site in whole or in part must be sent to .
Limitation of liability.
The Visionerf.
com site cannot be held responsible for errors encountered on the site, technical problems, interpretation of published information and consequences of their use.
As a result, the user acknowledges using this information under their exclusive responsibility.
Cookies policy.
The visionerf.
com site uses cookies, small text files that are placed on your computer to help us provide a better user experience.
Cookies are used on our site to provide anonymous tracking data to a third-party application.
Google Analytics.
As a rule, cookies will improve your browsing experience.
However, you can disable cookies on this site by disabling cookies in your browser.
Declining to install a cookie may result in the impossibility of accessing certain services.
You can however configure your browser to refuse the installation of cookies.
For Internet Explorer.
Firefox.
Safari.
Chrome.
privacy policy.
Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy explains in details the terms and conditions for collecting, using, and sharing any personal or non-personal data that you provide to Visionerf when using our website.
– Definition of Personal and non-personal data.
Personal data (“personal data”) refers to any information that identifies you specifically as a person where non-personal data (“non-personal data”) refers to any information that does not identify you as a person in particular.
Visionerf will always comply with the applicable regulatory definition to determine which data is personal and which data is not to comply with this Privacy Policy.
When this Privacy Policy refers to “data” or “your data”, this may include personal data as well as non-personal data.
This privacy policy applies only the data collected by our site.
– Collected data and use.
The data collected on visionerf.
com are used only in the legal framework applicable in France for the respect of the individual privacy.
Visionerf is the only recipient of this data.
When using the visionerf.
com website, the following personal data may be collected.
– the URL of the links through which you accessed the visionerf.
com site,– your IP address.
These data are used to facilitate the navigation on the site and to allow measurements of site traffic.
When sending a form using our contact form.
– Last name and first name– E-mail address.
This data is only used to reply to your request by e-mail or phone.
Visionerf is the only recipient of this data.
Any personal data gathered on our site is not and will not be published without the user’s explicit knowledge, exchanged, transferred, assigned or sold to any third party.
Exercising your rights for your personal data.
You have the right to access, modify, correct and delete the data collected on this site, under the conditions enacted in article 31 of the law from January 6th 1978, modified about data processing, files and freedom, and those provided by European regulation 2016/679 from April 27th 2016 (RGPD).
To exercise this right, please contact us via our contact form.
Vision for your automation.
Solutions.
cirrus3D.
cirrus3D conveyor.
Optical Candling.
Optical Sorting.
Applications.
3D Location.
3D Guidance.
3D Bin picking.
3D Identification.
3D Inspection.
Useful links.
Obsolescence Retrofitting.
Spare Parts.
Training.
Contracts.
Documentation.
Addresses.
All rights reserved.
© 2019 Visio Nerf – Creation .
Web Agency Enjin | Legal Notice.
Privacy Overview.
[ Placeholder content for popup link ]                                WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin.
