Business Units.
Our Company.
Investors.
Sustainability.
News Center.
Careers.
ENGLISH.
SPANISH.
Architectural Glass.
Automotive Glass.
Glass Containers.
Chemicals.
Machinery & Equipment.
Cosmetics & Pharmaceuticals.
Liquors.
OEM Glass.
ARG - Auto Replacement Glass.
Commercial Glass.
Residential Glass.
Specialty Glass.
Machinery.
Automation.
Metal Mechanics.
Sodium Carbonate (Soda Ash).
Sodium Bicarbonate (Baking Soda).
Sodium chloride (salt).
Calcium Chloride.
Mission, Vision and Values.
History.
Locations.
Research and Development.
Success Stories.
Glass Museum.
Vitro Park "El Manzano".
Stock Information.
Reports.
Corporate Governance.
Ethics.
People.
Planet.
Community.
Innovation.
Habitat.
Company News.
Download Center.
glass.
vitro.
vidrio.
atencion a clientes.
residential.
In compliance with the provisions of the Federal Law on Protection of Personal Data Held by its Parties (hereinafter the" "Law" "), Vitro, S.
A.
B de C.
V (Vitro) and its subsidiary companies with address at Ricardo Ave.
Margain 400, Colonia Valle del Campestre, San Pedro Garza García, NL, Mexico, hereby inform you of this Privacy Notice, requesting that you read it carefully.
1.
Collected Personal Data and Sensitive Data.
As part of our registry of clients, suppliers, business partners, collaborators, financial institutions, debtors, creditors, as well as marketing and corporate communication activities, certain information that may be personally identifiable about you may be collected and processed.
Such information may include, but is not limited to, the following.
A.
- Identification data.
full name, address, home phone, email, cell phone and / or work, marital status, signature, electronic signature, RFC, CURP, INE (IFE), place and date of birth, nationality, age , names of relatives, dependents and beneficiaries and medical information.
B.
- Professional data.
occupation, position, area or department, address, telephone and work email, extracurricular activities, job references, personal references, academic history, performance history in the company, among others.
C.
- Assets data.
bonuses, wage withholdings, movable and immovable property, credit history, income and expenses, bank accounts, insurance, AFORES, sureties, contracted services, personal references, among others.
We also inform you that in order to fulfill the purposes of the relationship in this notice, sensitive personal data may be collected and processed, such as those that may reveal aspects such as present and future health status, union affiliation, political position and credit history.
We are committed to handle the following data under strict security measures, always guaranteeing their confidentiality.
For the purposes indicated in this notice, we may collect your personal data in different ways.
when you provide it to us directly.
when you visit our website or use our online services, and when we obtain information through other sources that are permitted by law.
2.
Purpose of Data Processing.
Your personal data may be used for the following purposes related to our business relationship.
Marketing the products and services offered by Vitro, its affiliates and / or subsidiaries.
Processing and administration of returns, billing, customer purchase history, payments, discounts, notifications of promotions, pre-sales, access to customer and supplier portal.
Monitor any phone calls made with you.
Update the registers and systems programs of Vitro, its affiliates and or subsidiaries.
Use them in cases of mergers, divisions or acquisitions of Vitro, its affiliates and / or subsidiaries.
Comply with the requirements made by the authorities, when necessary to safeguard the public interest, the procurement or administration of justice.
Where appropriate, prepare and carry out contracts for the sale, consignment, distribution, supply of products or services, among others, according to the case of what the client requires.
Compliance with obligations arising from the legal relationship established with the client.
Provide the services and products required by the client in a timely and correct manner.
Make inquiries, investigations and reviews regarding your complaints or claims.
Contact you for any matter related to the products and services of the Company or to this Privacy Notice.
If you do not want Vitro and its subsidiaries to process your information for advertising, promotional, corporate communication and market research purposes, you can revoke your consent by contacting us at.
.
3.
Data transfer and transmission.
Your personal data will never be disclosed or shared with third parties (there will be no data transfer), nor will they be used other than as indicated in point 1 mentioned above, unless there is a change in this Privacy Notice.
Nevertheless, we may hire an external third party to manage and administer this Website as well as to support us in understanding how visitors use it.
Although this third party may collect information about you on our behalf, we control the use of that information in accordance with this Notice.
We do not market, sell or rent  your personal information to third parties.
The warning is made so that Vitro can use "cookies" to confirm your identification, personalize your access to this Website and review its use, with simply the  purpose of improving your browsing and its conditions of functionality, since the aforementioned "cookies" do not collect personal data from users in terms of the Law.
This Website has links to other external sites, of which the content and policies Privacy statements are not the responsibility of Vitro and its subsidiaries.
4.
Exercise of ARCO rights.
The users of the Vitro Portal and / or its subsidiaries have recognized and will be able to exercise the ARCO rights (Access, Rectification, Cancellation and Opposition), sending their request directly to the person responsible to the email  .
The mentioned request must contain.
name and address or other means to communicate the response to your request.
the documents that prove the identity or, where appropriate, the legal representation.
the clear and precise description of the personal data with respect to which one seeks to exercise any of the ARCO rights and any other element that facilitates the location of the personal data.
5.
Revocation of the Consent and limitation of use or disclosure.
At any time, you may revoke the consent you have given us for the processing of your personal data, so that we stop using or disclosing them.
Likewise, you may limit the use or disclosure of your personal data.
For this, it is necessary that you submit your request at the following email address.
.
6.
Changes to the Privacy Policy.
In the event of any change in this Privacy Notice, users of the Website will be notified in the following way.
(a) sending an email to the account  registered in this Website and / or (b) publishing a Note visible on our Website.
We will not be held responsible if you do not receive the notification of change in the Privacy Notice if there is a problem with your email account, data transmission over the internet or if the Website was not accessed for any reason not attributable to Vitro and subsidiaries .
For your safety, check the content of this Privacy Notice on our Portal at any time.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice at any time.
The laws and regulations of different countries may impose different (and even conflicting) requirements on the Internet and the protection of information.
We are located in Mexico and all matters related to this Website are governed by Mexican law.
If you are located in any other country outside of Mexico and contact us, please take into account that any information you provide will be transferred to Mexico, and at the time of entering your information, you authorize this transfer and accept the conditions stipulated in this Privacy Notice.
To learn more about the Federal Law on Protection of Personal Data Held by Private Parties, please.
Access to Public Information and Data Protection (IFAI) .
We use cookies to provide you with a great user experience.
By continuing to use our site, you accept the use of cookies described in our privacy policy.
Customer Service.
Employee Access.
Contact.
Careers.
Supplier Service.
T.
52 (81) 8863.
1600.
Whistleblower Hotline.
Terms & Conditions.
Privacy Policy.
Copyright Vitro 2020.
All rights reserved.
