Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy.
Thank you for your visit and your interest in our website.
In the following, we would like to inform you about how we process your personal data.
This website and all services associated with it are an offering of Voith GmbH & Co.
KGaA and, in certain cases, its affiliated companies (hereinafter referred to as “VOITH”).
Controller for the processing of data is.
Voith GmbH & Co.
KGaASt.
Pöltener Str.
4389522 HeidenheimTel.
+49 7321-37 0E-Mail.
.
Contact data of our Data Protection Officer.
Data Protection Officer.
Voith GmbH & Co.
KGaASt.
Pöltener Straße 4389522 Heidenheim/Germany.
1 Collection, processing, and storage of personal data.
Personal data are processed.
whenever this is necessary for the IT involved in the technical operation of the website or linked services (apps) or whenever such processing guarantees ease of use of the website or such services,.
whenever they are required for the purpose of initiating or performing a contract and are usually provided by you for this purpose,.
generally for the purpose of maintaining the business relationship, e.
g.
, for sending information material, or.
if you have consented to the processing, e.
g.
, by setting certain cookies.
If it is necessary to forward your data to other Group companies for the above-mentioned purposes, your data may be passed on to them.
Beyond that, your data will not be passed on.
Personal data are only transferred to government agencies or authorities if this is necessary for compliance with mandatory national statutory provisions.
1.
1 Transfer of data to a third country or an international organization.
Subject to suitable guarantees to achieve an appropriate level of data privacy, data may be transmitted to recipients in states outside the European Union (third countries) and such data are transmitted on a case-by-case basis when data are used for the purposes of IT support within the corporate group.
1.
2 Data that we process when you use the website.
Data are either entered by you yourself or are generated automatically for technical IT reasons when you visit our website.
In particular, technical IT data are stored temporarily in a so-called log file and are deleted automatically when the purpose for which they have been stored no longer applies.
IP address of the requesting computer.
Date and time of access.
Name and URL of the file accessed.
Website from which access was made (referrer URL).
Browser used and, where applicable, the operating system of your computer and the name of your access provider.
We process the data stated for the following purposes.
To ensure that the connection to the website is established smoothly,.
To ensure that our website is convenient to use, and.
To evaluate system security and stability.
The legal basis for the data processing is Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR.
We have a legitimate interest in collecting data for the purposes listed above.
There are no situations in which we use the data collected for the purpose of drawing conclusions about you personally.
In addition to this, we use cookies when you visit our website.
You can find further explanations on this under Clause 4 of this Privacy Policy.
2 Contact and request forms.
We offer you extensive personal support.
If you contact us using the contact form, we will collect all of the necessary data, especially your surname and first name as well as your email address, from you so that we can send you a fast and personalized response to your request.
The data are used to answer your request and possibly, within the scope of advertising principles, to send information on Voith’s products and services.
The processing of these data takes place either based on your consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR or for initiation or performance of a (pre)contractual measure in accordance with Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
3 Use of cookies.
3.
1 Definitions/General.
Cookies are small files that are automatically created by your browser and stored on your device (laptop, tablet, smart phone, etc.
).
Cookies do not contain viruses, Trojans, or other malware.
Cookies contain information that arises in connection with the specifically used device.
This does not mean that we gain direct knowledge of your identity as a result.
A distinction can be made between the following types of cookies.
Strictly necessary cookies (technical cookies required by IT systems) are needed for the operation of a website and are essential for website navigation and use of the website features.
These cookies are not stored permanently on your computer or device and are deleted when you close the browser (session cookies).
Preference cookies, which enhance website usability and store preferred language settings, for example.
Statistics (performance) cookies enable the number of visitors and sources of traffic to be recorded and counted so that the performance of the website can be measured and improved.
They are also used for determining whether any problems or errors occur on certain pages, which pages are the most popular, and how visitors navigate through the website.
Advertising cookies are used for presenting you with personalized ads and for better understanding your interests.
3.
2 Inserted/used cookies.
The cookies needed for operation of this website according to Clause 4.
1 (i) are required for the safeguarding of our legitimate interests in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR.
In addition, we process personal data in connection with cookies with your consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR.
The first time you visit our website, a cookie banner is displayed.
On it, you can see which cookies in which categories are set by us or by our third-party providers, for which purposes they are used, and how long they are kept.
Via this banner, you can also decide individually whether all categories, only certain categories, or only strictly necessary cookies may be used.
You can change or withdraw your consent to the use of cookies on our website at any time.
Via the following link, you can see which consent you have currently granted and which cookies and categories are set by us or our third-party providers.
You can revoke your consent following this link.
4.
Individual services.
4.
1 Brightcove.
The services listed in the following are used according to the respectively used websites, if you have provided your consent to this.
4.
2 Google Analytics / Google Tag Manager.
4.
3 Adition.
4.
4 AT Internet.
4.
5 Selfcampaign / Trade Desk / AdEx.
(Selfcampaign)  (Trade Desk)  (adEX).
4.
6 Adform.
4.
7 HubSpot.
4.
8 etracker.
4.
9 AddThis.
4.
10 Lead Forensics.
4.
11 External links.
To be able to offer you a comprehensive service, we link to other websites or their offerings on our site.
We expressly stress that our employees and other people involved in this website have no influence over the design and content of the linked pages.
We assume no responsibility for third-party content that is made available for use via links and do not adopt this content as our own.
The provider of the website linked to is solely liable for illegal, incorrect, or incomplete content as well as for damages resulting from the use or nonuse of the information.
Our Privacy Policy applies only to our websites.
Please heed the privacy policies for the linked sites.
5 Social media.
Voith offers you the option to recommend parts of this homepage via various external social media sites (e.
g.
, LinkedIn, Instagram, Facebook[BN1] , Twitter, and YouTube).
Clicking on the associated button sends the Internet address of the page on which the button was clicked to the provider of the social media website.
Additional data are not transmitted by Voith.
The operator of the external social media site may collect additional data about you (e.
g.
, set cookies or request that you log in), so please read the privacy policy of the respective provider in this regard.
5.
1 Fan pages.
Voith operates Facebook fan pages.
Here Facebook provides us with data on user actions collated via the Insights functions based on information such as personal data.
Cookies are used for this, even if the user is not a Facebook member.
We can neither control this processing nor infer specific users from it.
You can find important information relating to this processing by Facebook here.
.
Each fan page operator shares responsibility with Facebook Ireland Limited (hereinafter referred to as “Facebook Ireland”) for the processing of personal data on the fan page.
In the Page Insights Controller Addendum created by Facebook, the distribution of duties with respect to the handling of personal data by the operator and Facebook Ireland is clearly regulated.
Through the creation of a Facebook fan page, a joint controllership arrangement in accordance with Article 26 of the GDPR automatically arises between the fan page operator and Facebook.
According to the GDPR, Facebook bears primary responsibility.
Facebook certifies that it fulfills all obligations relating to processing of Insights data in accordance with GDPR.
According to this, you can, in particular, assert your rights under GDPR with respect to Facebook Ireland (Facebook Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbor, D2 Dublin, Ireland).
We will forward relevant requests addressed to us to Facebook Ireland via the following route.
.
5.
2 YouTube.
This website uses the online video platform YouTube, which is provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland (hereinafter referred to as “Google”).
YouTube enables video publishers to post video clips free of charge and other users to view, rate, and comment on these video clips free of charge.
YouTube allows the publication of all types of videos, for which reason entire movie and TV show broadcasts as well as music videos, trailers, or videos made by users themselves can be accessed via the internet portal.
Each time an individual page of this website that is operated by the controller and on which a YouTube component (YouTube video) has been integrated is accessed, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted by the respective YouTube component to download a rendering of the corresponding YouTube component from YouTube.
Further information on YouTube can be found at  Within the scope of this technical process, YouTube and Google gain knowledge of which specific subpage of our website is visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged into YouTube at the same time, YouTube recognizes which specific subpage of our website the data subject is visiting when a subpage that contains a YouTube video is accessed.
This information is collected by YouTube and Google and assigned to the respective YouTube account of the data subject.
YouTube and Google always receive information that the data subject has visited our website via the YouTube component if the data subject is logged into YouTube when accessing our website.
this occurs regardless of whether the data subject clicks on a YouTube video or not.
If the data subject does not want this information to be transmitted to YouTube and Google, he or she can prevent the transmission by logging out of his or her YouTube account before accessing our website.
The privacy policy published by YouTube, which is available at  provides information about the collection, processing, and use of personal data by YouTube and Google.
6 Your rights.
Upon request, we will inform you in writing of whether we are storing any of your personal data and, if so, which data we are storing.
If, despite our efforts to maintain accurate and up-to-date data, the information stored by us is incorrect, we will correct it at your request.
You may also, in principle, demand that your data be deleted or handed over to you and revoke any consent you have given for processing of your personal data for the future.
We would also like to draw your attention to a general right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority.
However, we would ask you, if possible, to contact Voith’s compliance organization ( or the Group Data Protection Officer (email.
tel.
+49 7321 37-6097) to clarify the matter directly with us first.
Our Group Data Protection Officer is always open to suggestions on how we can improve our data protection standards.
7 Storage period.
The criterion for the duration of storage of personal data is the applicable statutory retention period or the cessation of the purpose, in particular if processing is lawfully based on the balance of interests addressed by Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR.
The data are routinely erased at the end of this period.
8 Data security.
We use the common SSL (Secure Socket Layer) procedure in connection with the highest encryption level supported by your browser.
You will recognize whether a specific page on our website is transmitted in encrypted form from the closed image of the key or padlock icon in the lower status bar of your browser.
We also employ suitable technical and organizational security measures in order to protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulations, partial or total loss, destruction, or unauthorized access by third parties.
Our security measures are continuously upgraded in line with technological progress.
Newsroom.
About us.
Voith Careers.
Follow us.
