English.
中文.
Urban Air Mobility.
Solutions.
Company.
Career.
Newsroom.
Contact.
FAQ.
Fanshop.
Inquiries, questions or direct contact.
Get in touch with us.
Get in touch.
VolocopterPrivacy Policy.
We respect and protect your privacy.
In the following General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we would like to give you an overview of which data is collected and processed for which purpose.
We also inform you about your rights.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact our data protection officer at .
About Volocopter GmbH.
Reinventing Urban MobilityAt Volocopter we are constructing the very first manned, fully electric and safe vertical take-off copters in the world.
So we want to make every person’s dream of flying come true and help modern cities to solve their growing traffic problems.
To whom does this privacy policy apply.
When we process personal information, it means that we collect, store, use, transmit or delete it.
Such is the personal data of.
interested parties, customers, investors or employees of Volocopter GmbH who appear to be natural persons.
all other natural persons who are in contact with us, e.
g.
representatives of legal.
visitors to our website, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Vimeo, Instagram, Xing or LinkedIn page.
What personal data do we collect from you.
We collect personal information from you when you contact us, e.
g.
as an interested party, customer or investor.
This means in particular.
you are interested in our offers,.
you have contacted us through our web-site form,.
you have contacted us via email or phone call,.
you have signed for our newsletter,.
you already use our products and services in the framework of an existing business relationship,.
we already use your products and services in the framework of an existing business relationship.
We process the following personal data.
personal contact data, full name, address, email address, phone number.
personal contact data, full name, address, email address, phone number if you are a legal representative of the employee.
payment information.
information about your interests and wishes which you tell us about.
e.
g.
via our customer dialogue or our website.
Data we receive over the Internet.
General retrievable data / log files.
For technical reasons, every time a website is accessed, data is transmitted from your computer to us, such as the date and time of you visiting one of our pages, your browser type, the browser settings and the operating system, the last page you visited, the amount of data transmitted and the access status (file transfer, file not found etc.
).
This data is considered to be regular non-personal data.
In addition, however, your computer usually also sends us your IP address, which in individual cases may be personal.
We use the log file data solely to ensure the functionality of our services (such as failure analysis, system security, and protection against misuse).
Cookies.
To make visiting of our website easier, we transfer so-called cookies to your computer.
Cookies are small text files that can be used to identify your computer.
They do not interfere with the operating system of your computer.
Among other things, we use cookies to measure and control the frequency of page views and general site navigation.
You can block the use of cookies.
Under certain circumstances, however, individual functions of our offer might not be used.
To block the use of cookies, please also refer to the instructions for your browser software.
Details of your IP address.
Your IP address, which in many cases is sent to us, is a globally valid identifier of your computer that is unique at the time of assignment by your internet service provider.
An IP address consists of four numbered blocks separated by dots.
In most cases, you as a private user will not use a consistent IP address, since you will only be assigned this temporarily by your provider (so-called „dynamic IP address“).
Your provider can sort out which IP address was assigned to which of its clients at what time.
For other people, including us, the recording of assignment of a dynamic IP address to a specific person is usually not possible.
This is different only in the case of a permanently assigned IP address (so-called „static IP address“), which in principle makes possible a clear assignment of the user data via this feature.
Except for the purpose of tracking unauthorized access to our offer on the Internet, we generally consider this data to be non-personal, but evaluate it only on an anonymous basis, to detect which of our sites are favoured, how many accesses are made daily and the like.
Statistics Assessment Tools.
For individual services of our enterprise we collect additional data.
These are partially used for statistical purposes.
For example, it shows how often our pages are accessed so we can graph out the basics for our media data.
In addition, we also want to get an overview of our online offers which are particularly in demand.
Plugins.
Plugins are offers from third party companies such as Facebook.
They help you to connect to these providers.
Sometimes only data about the browser performance is transmitted.
However, if you actively use plugins (for example, within your Google profile), this information will also be transferred.
Below you can find out more about the individual plugins.
On our website we do not use any plugins.
Analytics Tools.
This website uses Matomo ( an open source, self-hosted software to collect usage data for this website.
The visit analysis is completely anonymous.
The data on visitor behavior is collected to find out any problems such as pages not found, search engine problems or unpopular pages.
Once the data (number of visitors who see error pages or only one page, etc.
) is processed, Matomo generates reports for website owners to act on.
(layout changes, new content, etc.
).
Matomo processes the following data.
Cookies.
Anonymized IP addresses.
Pseudo-anonymized location (based on the anonymized IP address.
Date and time.
Title of the accessed page.
URL of the accessed page.
URL of the previous page (if allowed).
Screen resolution.
Local time.
Files that were clicked and downloaded.
External links.
Duration of page load.
Country, region, city (with low accuracy due to IP address).
Main language of the browser.
User agent of the browser.
Interactions with forms (but not their content).
You may choose to prevent this website from aggregating and analyzing the actions you take here.
Doing so will protect your privacy, but will also prevent the owner from learning from your actions and creating a better experience for you and other users.
Click this button to opt-out or opt-in.
Opt-out.
Embedded videos from YouTube.
On some of our websites, we embed videos from YouTube.
The corresponding plug-ins are operated from YouTube main office, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave.
, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.
When you visit a page with the YouTube plug-in, YouTube starts a connection to its servers.
It acts as a recommendation signal for YouTube as to which pages you search for.
If you are logged in to your YouTube account, YouTube may personally associate your browsing behaviour with your previous actions.
You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account prior to that.
If a YouTube video is launched, the provider uses cookies that collect information about user behaviour.
If you want to prevent this, you must block the storage of cookies in your browser settings.
Further information on data protection with „YouTube“ can be found in the provider’s privacy policy at.
.
Embedded videos from Vimeo.
We use the video platform Vimeo on this website.
Operated by Vimeo LLC, 555 West 18th Street, New York 10011, USA.
When viewing the videos, data may be transferred from you.
Volocopter limits this forwarding to a maximum, but it cannot be completely prevented.
What data does Vimeo collectWhen you view an embedded video, your browser connects to the server of Vimeo.
This results in data transfer and your data is collected, stored and processed on Vimeo’s server.
What does Vimeo store and process.
IP address, information about your browser, operating system, device information, through which website Vimeo is accessed, your activities in the browser, such as session duration, bounce rate, which button you clicked.
If you are logged into Vimeo, more data is usually collected and linked.
Vimeo uses cookies which store settings, preferences and collected actions on this website for up to 2 years.
How long is the data storedDepending on the type 3 months to 2 years.
Where is the data storedOn your computer using cookies and at Vimeo.
Vimeo uses servers in different countries around the world.
What does Vimeo do with this data.
Vimeo markets the collected data.
Legal basisVolocopter wants to attract interested parties or customers by providing videos and stay in contact.
Data for the purpose of performing a contract (§.
6 (1) b), a pre-contractual measure (§.
6 (1) b) for legitimate interest (§.
6 (1) f DSGVO) or based on your consent (§.
6 (1) a).
Embedded Google Maps.
On our website the map service Google Maps is connected via an API.
The provider of the service is Google Inc.
, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
In order to use the features of Google Maps, it is necessary to save your IP address.
This information is typically transmitted and stored at Google servers in the United States.
As merely a provider of access to this site we have no influence on the data transmission.
We use Google Maps on our websites to present our offers in an appealing way and to present the exact location of our products to you (legitimate interest according to Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f of GDPR).
For more information about how to handle your information, please refer to the Google Privacy Policy.
.
Embedded Mapbox.
Volocopter uses the Mapbox services on our webpage.
Mapbox uses hosting services to provide services.
You may find Mapbox privacy policy here.
.
What information does Mapbox collectMapbox automatically collects certain technical information, including (a) IP address, (b) device and browser information, (c) operating system, (d) request content, (e) date and time of request, (f) limited usage data, and (g) limited location data.
When is the data deleted.
We delete IP addresses after 30 days.
How is the data used by MapboxTo store information so that you do not have to re-enter it during your visit and to monitor metrics about our website, such as the number of visitors and pages viewed.
for internal diagnostic and analytical purposes to improve the services offered by Mapbox.
and to market the Mapbox services.
Mapbox may combine this data with information we receive from other sources.
We have a legitimate interest in improving and marketing our services, and certain data collections are necessary to provide the services.
Data SharingMapbox is a global company and may share your data outside of the country in which you live.
However, we will not share personal data outside the European Union unless the recipient is subject to appropriate contractual safeguards to ensure that the personal data is processed in accordance with EU law.
Contact form.
On our website we use a contact form.
The purpose is to be able to communicate your request to us in a structured way.
Newsletter.
Volocopter uses rapidmail to send newsletters and press information.
Provider is rapidmail GmbH, Augustinerplatz 2, 79098 Freiburg i.
Br.
, Germany.
Rapidmail is a service with which, among other things, the dispatch of newsletters can be organized and analyzed.
The data you enter for the purpose of receiving newsletters or press releases will be stored on Rapidmail’s servers in Germany.
If you do not want any analysis by Rapidmail, you must unsubscribe from the newsletter or our press service.
For this purpose, we provide a corresponding link in every newsletter message or press release.
For the purpose of analysis, the emails sent with Rapidmail contain a so-called “tracking pixel”, which connects to Rapidmail’s servers when the email is opened.
In this way, it can be determined whether a newsletter message has been opened.
Furthermore, with the help of Rapidmail, we can determine whether and which links in the newsletter message are clicked.
All links in the e-mail are so-called tracking links, which can be used to count your clicks.
For more details on the analysis functions of Rapidmail, please refer to the following link.
and/or .
Internet sites at social media providers.
Our websites on social media platforms serve to provide users as well as customers and prospects with information about our services and offers.
The social networks are also deemed a forum for communication between users and Volocopter.
When you visit our social media sites, personal information will be shared with the social network providers.
Please note that this data will not be stored and processed outside the European Union.
This results in a different legal situation as regulated by the GDPR.
Providers who have joined the US-EU Privacy Shield Agreement are committed to respecting the privacy principles set out in the GDPR.
Your data is generally used by social network operators for market research and promotional purposes.
Your behaviour on the Internet can be used to define your interests and create profiles that serve the purpose of presenting the user with, for example, customized advertisements inside and outside the network.
For this purpose, so-called cookies are stored by the user’s browser.
These are small text files that can be deleted using the browser settings.
In addition, further data can be stored in the user profiles, especially if the user has an account with the respective social media platform and is logged in.
The legal basis for the storage and processing of personal data is legitimate interest in providing useful information for customers and interested parties, as well as communication with users within the context of Art.
6 (1) lit.
f GDPR.
If you have an account, the operators of the social media platforms allow you to make individual privacy settings.
All information regarding the storage and processing of your data as well as the contradictory possibilities can be found on the pages of the respective providers, which are listed below.
The respective network provider is responsible for answering questions and the assertion of user rights in the context of social media platforms and their providers.
We are represented on the following social media platforms.
XingXing SEDammtorstraße 30,20354 Hamburg, Germany,Tel.
+49 40 419 131-0,E-Mail.
protection officer.
Felix LasseE-Mail.
protection.
.
FacebookFacebook Ireland Ltd.
4 Grand Canal SquareGrand Canal HarbourDublin 2, IrlandE-Mail.
protection.
.
Google and YouTubeGoogle LLC1600 Amphitheatre ParkwayMountain View, CA 94043, USAE-Mail.
protection.
.
InstagramInstagram Inc.
1601 Willow RoadMenlo Park, CA 94025, USAE-Mail.
protection/opt-out.
.
Twitter International CompanyOne Cumberland PlaceFenian Street Dublin 2, D02 AX07, IrelandData protection/opt-out.
.
LinkedInLinkedIn Ireland Unlimited CompanyWilton PlaceDublin 2, IrlandEmail Data Protection Officer.
protection.
.
You may find our Community Guidelines for all Volocopter social media channels here.
What do we use your data for and on what legal basis.
Fulfilment of contractual or pre-contractual obligations (Article 6 (1b) GDPR)We use your data to fulfil contractual obligations so that you can become familiar with our products and services.
In order to fulfil our contractual obligations or requests for quotations, we must process your data.
This also applies to pre-contractual information which you provide us with in the context of applications or pre-contractual negotiations.
The purpose of the data processing depends on which of our products or services you use.
To execute the contract we need your name, address, email address and your telephone number in order to contact you.
Balance of interests (Article 6 1f GDPR)If necessary, we process your data beyond the actual fulfilment of the contract for the protection of legitimate interests of us or third parties.
For example.
• Review and optimization of requirements for analysis procedures and direct customer approach• Advertising, market research and measuring the efficiency of marketing activities unless you have objected to the use of your data• Asserting legal claims and defence in legal disputes• Ensuring the IT security and IT needs of Volocopter GmbH• Identification of the popularity of our offers• Prevention and investigation of criminal offenses• Measures for building security and access control• Measures to ensure rights of the building owner• Measures for business management and further development of services and products• Risk management• We also need your personal information in order to provide you with relevant products and services, to fulfil your wishes or to improve our services.
Your individual needs are important to us.
We try to give you the information that best suits your needs.
The aim of this processing is to offer you personalized suggestions (generated after weighing up your interests).
Important.
You can object to this form of personalization at any time.
Balance of interests (Article 6 1f GDPR)If necessary, we process your data beyond the actual fulfilment of the contract for the protection of legitimate interests of us or third parties.
For example.
• Data processing with your consent (Article 6 (1a) GDPR)If you have consented to the processing of your personal data for specific purposes, the processing of such data shall be considered legal.
You can revoke your consent at any time.
This also applies to the revocation of declarations of consent which you have submitted to us before the validity of the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), i.
e.
before 25/05/18.
The revocation of consent does not affect the legality of the data processed before the revocation.
• Due to legal requirements (Art.
6 Abs.
1c GDPR) or in the public interest (Art.
6 Abs.
1e GDPR)As Volocopter GmbH we are subject to numerous legal obligations (e.
g.
commercial law, tax laws).
Due to these laws, we are committed to store data and publish it in certain cases.
Where do we store your data and why.
We receive your data from you.
We receive your information when you visit our social media sites.
Who receives your data and why.
Within Volocopter GmbH, only those officers gain access to your data, who need it to safeguard our legitimate interests or to fulfil our contractual and legal obligations.
Outside of Volocopter GmbH, we may only transfer your data if required by law or if you have given your consent.
To carry out your request or order, it is necessary to transfer your data to a number of locations, in particular.
We only transfer your data to third parties (for example, to external providers such as service providers or credit institutions for payment processing), provided that a data protection & transmission law of a respective authority exists.
Your data may also be transferred by us to external service providers, e.
g.
IT service providers, companies that destroy or archive data, print service providers), which support us in data processing as part of processing in a strictly order-based manner.
Data processing can also take place outside the EU or the EES.
As a suitable guarantee for the lawfulness of these data transmissions we have concluded other Standard EU contracts with the processor, due to, Art.
46 para.
2 lit.
c GDPR.
We will not sell or otherwise market your personal information to third parties.
A legal obligation to forward your personal data to external parties is particularly relevant for the following recipients.
Public authorities, supervisory authorities and bodies, such as tax authorities and Courts.
Lawyers and notaries, e.
g.
in case of late payment.
Auditors, Tax Consultants.
In all these cases, we ensure that third parties only have access to personal data that is necessary for the performance of individual tasks.
In addition, we make sure that third parties comply with industry-specific best practices and that the data of third parties is handled securely and confidentially and used only for the purposes we have identified.
For third parties outside the European Economic Space (EES), the protection of personal data is handled differently from in the EES.
In such cases, we take precautionary measures (such as special contract clauses) to ensure that your personal information is treated with the same care as in the EES.
Very important.
Under no circumstances will we sell personal information to third parties.
Your rights.
We are eager to respond to all your questions as soon as possible.
However, sometimes it can take up to a month before you get an answer from us, as long as it is legally possible.
Of course, if it takes more than a month to respond, we will tell you in advance how long it will take.
In some cases we may or may not give you any information.
In so far as this is legally possible, we will always inform you promptly about the reason for the refusal.
You have the right to file a complaint.
What rights do you have as an interested party or customer of Volocopter GmbH when it comes to the processing of your data (details can be found in the respective provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation (Articles 15-21)).
Your right to access data, information and its rectification.
You can request access to information about your personal data processed by us.
If your details are no longer correct, you can request a correction.
If your data is incomplete, you can request a completion.
If we have shared your information with third parties, we will inform those third parties of your correction – if required by law.
Your right to delete your personal data.
You may request the immediate deletion of your personal data for the following reasons.
If your personal information is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected.
If you revoke your consent and there is no other legal basis present.
If you object to processing and there are no overriding reasons for processing worthy of protection.
If your personal information has been processed unlawfully.
If your personal information needs to be deleted to comply with legal requirements.
Please note that a claim for cancellation depends on whether there is a legitimate reason for processing the data.
Your right to restrict the processing of your personal data.
You have the right to request a restriction on the processing of your personal data for one of the following reasons.
If the accuracy of your personal information is disputed by you and we had the opportunity to verify the accuracy.
If the processing is not lawful and you require a restriction of use instead of a deletion.
If we no longer need your information for processing purposes, you may need it for assertion, exercise or defence against legal claims.
If you have objected, as long as it is not decided that your interests prevail.
Your right to object.
We may process your data on the basis of legitimate interest or in the public interest.
In these cases, you have the right to object to the processing of your data.
This also applies if we use your data for our direct mail.
Please note our separate note „Information about your right of objection“.
Your right to complain.
In some cases, you may not be satisfied with our response to your concerns.
Then you are entitled to file a complaint to the management of Volocopter GmbH as well as to the responsible data protection supervisory authority.
Your right to data portability.
You have the right to receive personally identifiable information you have given us in a portable format.
Are you obliged to give Volocopter GmbH certain personal data.
As part of our business relationship, we require the following personal data from you.
data that is needed to start and conduct the business relationship.
data that is necessary for the fulfilment of the contractual obligations associated with the business relationship.
data that we are legally obliged to collect.
Without this personal information, we generally will not be able to contract with you or allow you to use our services.
How long do we store your data.
We do not store your data longer than we need it for the respective processing purposes.
If the data is no longer required for the fulfilment of contractual or legal obligations, these are regularly deleted, unless their temporary storage is still necessary.
Reasons for this can be the following (examples).
fulfilment of commercial and tax retention requirements.
statutory retention period is up to 10 years.
receipt of evidence for legal disputes within the framework of the statutory limitation regulations.
civil law periods of limitation may be up to 30 years, whereby the regular limitation period is three years.
Information about your right of objection according to Art.
21 GDPR.
Case-specific right of objection.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data for reasons that arise from your particular situation.
The prerequisite for this is that the data processing takes place in the public interest or on the basis of a balance of interests.
In the event of an objection, we will no longer process your personal data.
Unless we can provide compelling legitimate grounds for processing this data that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms – or your personal data serves the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Objection to the processing of your data via our direct mail.
We use your personal data for our direct mailing.
You have the right to object to this at any time.
In the event of an objection we will no longer process your personal data for these purposes.
The objection can be made form-free and should be addressed as soon as possible to.
E-Mail.
.
Amendments.
By using our website, you agree that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy.
The privacy policy is currently valid and dated 08/03/21.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time with future effect.
Once we have collected data, however, we will not use it for other purposes without your consent, if our privacy policy changes in the meantime.
We bring urban air mobility to life.
Urban Air Mobility.
Solutions.
Company.
Career.
Newsroom.
Solutions.
VoloCity.
VoloConnect.
VoloDrone.
VoloPort.
VoloIQ.
Company.
Career.
FAQ.
Follow Us.
Instagram.
LinkedIn.
Twitter.
Facebook.
YouTube.
WeChat.
Copyright © 2022 Volocopter GmbH All rights reserved.
