What We Do                                                     Product Engineering                                                    Software EngineeringHardware Engineering NewsVVDN announces measures as Manufacturing business growth continues amidst pandemicNewsVVDN’s Vision Business Unit expands its design and manufacturing capabilities on High-End Camera Solutions with AI/MLFPGA EngineeringRadio Frequency (RF) EngineeringMechanical EngineeringTesting & QA                                                    Manufacturing                                                    PCB AssemblyNewsVVDN Enters Into a Strategic Alliance With Blue Star For Co-Developing and Manufacturing New-Generation Controllers For Air ConditionersNewsVVDN to Design and Manufacture India’s Indigenous Tablet as an ODM ProductProduct AssemblyProto, Mold Making, Mechanical Manufacturing FacilityTesting, Validation & Certification                                                    Cloud and Applications                                                    BlogWhy is Data Lake the next big thing in Data management and optimization.
Case StudyIoT Cloud Platform on Microsoft AzureCloud Engineering ServicesApplication Services.
Product Engineering                                                    Software EngineeringHardware Engineering NewsVVDN announces measures as Manufacturing business growth continues amidst pandemicNewsVVDN’s Vision Business Unit expands its design and manufacturing capabilities on High-End Camera Solutions with AI/MLFPGA EngineeringRadio Frequency (RF) EngineeringMechanical EngineeringTesting & QA.
Software Engineering.
Hardware Engineering NewsVVDN announces measures as Manufacturing business growth continues amidst pandemicNewsVVDN’s Vision Business Unit expands its design and manufacturing capabilities on High-End Camera Solutions with AI/ML.
NewsVVDN announces measures as Manufacturing business growth continues amidst pandemicNewsVVDN’s Vision Business Unit expands its design and manufacturing capabilities on High-End Camera Solutions with AI/ML.
News.
News.
FPGA Engineering.
Radio Frequency (RF) Engineering.
Mechanical Engineering.
Testing & QA.
Manufacturing                                                    PCB AssemblyNewsVVDN Enters Into a Strategic Alliance With Blue Star For Co-Developing and Manufacturing New-Generation Controllers For Air ConditionersNewsVVDN to Design and Manufacture India’s Indigenous Tablet as an ODM ProductProduct AssemblyProto, Mold Making, Mechanical Manufacturing FacilityTesting, Validation & Certification.
PCB AssemblyNewsVVDN Enters Into a Strategic Alliance With Blue Star For Co-Developing and Manufacturing New-Generation Controllers For Air ConditionersNewsVVDN to Design and Manufacture India’s Indigenous Tablet as an ODM Product.
NewsVVDN Enters Into a Strategic Alliance With Blue Star For Co-Developing and Manufacturing New-Generation Controllers For Air ConditionersNewsVVDN to Design and Manufacture India’s Indigenous Tablet as an ODM Product.
News.
News.
Product Assembly.
Proto, Mold Making, Mechanical Manufacturing Facility.
Testing, Validation & Certification.
Cloud and Applications                                                    BlogWhy is Data Lake the next big thing in Data management and optimization.
Case StudyIoT Cloud Platform on Microsoft AzureCloud Engineering ServicesApplication Services.
BlogWhy is Data Lake the next big thing in Data management and optimization.
Case StudyIoT Cloud Platform on Microsoft Azure.
BlogWhy is Data Lake the next big thing in Data management and optimization.
Case StudyIoT Cloud Platform on Microsoft Azure.
Blog.
Case Study.
Cloud Engineering Services.
Application Services.
Domains										5GNetworking and Wi-FiInternet of ThingsVisionCloud and Applications.
5G.
Networking and Wi-Fi.
Internet of Things.
Vision.
Cloud and Applications.
About VVDN Company OverviewLeadershipCorporate Social ResponsibilityNewsroomBlogsCase StudiesWhite Papers.
Company Overview.
Leadership.
Corporate Social Responsibility.
Newsroom.
Blogs.
Case Studies.
White Papers.
Careers.
Contact Us.
US-EN                                    Global (English)United States (English)Japan (Japanese).
Home.
Privacy Policy.
Contact us.
Thank you.
Subscribe.
Which domain are you interested in.
*.
Privacy Policy.
What information do we collect.
Do we use cookies.
Where do we use your information.
Is this information collected automatically.
What do we use your information for.
How long do we keep your information.
What rights do you hold.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties.
Are there any third party sites involved.
Do we collect information from children or minors.
How often do we change our Privacy Policy.
How to contact us.
Privacy Policy.
VVDN Technologies is committed to respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, retrieve, use, disclose, store and process information that we record from you during your visit on our website or enquiry for our online products or services.
We suggest you to read this Privacy Policy so as to gain a thorough understanding of our measure of privacy, our commitment and promises towards you and how you can contribute to it.
This document will also make you aware of your rights to privacy.
Do we use cookies.
Yes, we use cookies.
These are small files that a website or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser.
Cookies help with any further access to your activities, monitoring your interests, likes and dislikes.
These are further helpful to provide you with near accurate advertisement suggestions and other activities.
This retention is only in case if you allow, and enables the site(s) or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
Although you are not required to accept cookies, but accepting them will give you a better user experience.
However, if you block or reject cookies, you might lose access to all the features that remain available through our services during your browsing of our website and its contents.
For more information about cookies, visit  Do note that if you disable your web browser’s cookies and other technologies, certain features of our website and services might get disabled for you and might also limit the functionality we can provide whenever you visit our site.
Some of your information on this website might also collected using a tool called Google Analytics.
This helps understand the nature of information about your use of this site.
The tool uses cookies to collect and process standard internet log and visitor behavior information.
This information is further used to optimize the functionality of our site and serve ads to you based on your past visits.
You may opt-out of Google Analytics cookies, in case these are being stored by visiting this link.
EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)            Your data processing is either based on your consent or in case, if the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party.
Sometimes it is done in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, cf.
GDPR art.
6(1)(a)-(b).
If the processing is based on your consent, you may at any time withdraw your consent by contacting us using our contact information.
In order to enter into a contract regarding the purchase of any of VVDN’s Service, you must provide us with the required personal data.
If you do not provide us with all the required information, it will not be possible to deliver the Service.
Compliance For California Online Privacy Protection Act            Because VVDN values your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act.
We therefore will not distribute any personal information to outside parties without your consent except as stated in clause 8.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our website may make any changes to their information at any time by logging into their account and navigating to the "profile page".
Compliance For Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act          VVDN is in compliance with the requirements of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.
We do not intentionally collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Our website, products and services are all directed at people who are at least 13 years old or older.
What information do we collect.
We collect your personal information when you register on our website or fill out a form.
This includes, but is not limited to items such as name, e-mail address, phone number or postal address.
You may browse our website without providing any personal information or revealing your identity.
However, we collect certain information such as.
Information that you provide while visiting our website include name, email address, company, country and telephone number.
Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this site, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, demographics, your computer's operating system, its browser type and other system-browser specific information.
Where do we use your information.
We use your Personal Information for the following reasons.
to enhance usability, troubleshooting and site maintenance.
to monitor frequently visited webpages and their frequency.
to help identify you after you register on our website.
To reach back to you and respond to your questions or requests.
to help provide you access to desirable content based on your set preferences.
VVDN Technologies does not share your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes.
Is this information collected automatically.
We may also collect technical information about you when you visit our website, which your web browser automatically sends whenever you visit a website on the internet.
While this information does not identify a specific individual, it could be used to indirectly identify you.
Our servers automatically record this information which may include your IP address, browser type, browser language and other information about your web browser, type of device (including mobile device) used to access our website, and the date and time of your request.
Gathering your information helps us ensure our website and other services work correctly and support our customer analytic efforts.
By visiting our website or using any of our services, you affirm your consent to our collection, use, disclosure, transfer and storage of information relating to you as set forth in this policy document.
What do we use your information for.
We use your personal information to provide you near accurate products and services.
These include to fulfill your requests for products, services, or to help us personalize our offerings to you as per your customised and desired requirements.
We also make use of your personal information to support our business functions.
These include any attempts to fraud prevention, marketing, and legal functions.
In order to do this, we combine both personal and non-personal information, generally collected both online and offline, including information from various third party sources.
How long do we keep your information.
We will retain your personal information only for the period necessary and required to fulfill the purposes stated above in this Privacy Policy.
Unless, a longer retention period is required or permitted by law we will not hold on to your information.
What rights do you hold.
You have certain rights relating to your personal data provided for under applicable law(s).
These are the right to.
request access to any of your personal data submitted.
request details of the processing activities conducted by VVDN.
request that your personal data is rectified if in case it is inaccurate or incomplete.
request deletion of your personal data under certain circumstances.
request restriction of the processing of your personal data under certain circumstances.
object to the processing of any of your personal data in certain or general circumstances.
receive or ask for your personal data provided to us as a controller under certain circumstances.
object to, and not to be subjected or confined to a decision based solely on, automated processing which in turn produces legal effects or significantly affects you in some direct or indirect manner.
withdraw your consent either temporarily or permanently at any time by directly contacting us.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties.
Your personal information remains safe with us.
We do not sell, trade, or transfer your personally identifiable information to any third party or outside organization.
This does not include trusted third parties who help us in conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also release your information whenever or as applicable to the laws, as per enforcements to our site policies, or in order to protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety.
However, any visitor information that is non-personally identifiable may be under certain specific circumstances and exceptions be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other general uses that directly or indirectly benefit the user while making online decisions and choices.
Are there any third party sites involved.
VVDN may also include or offer third party products or services on its website.
This remains purely and completely on the organization to decide, uplift and withhold.
These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
VVDN therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites from our visitors and business users.
Do we collect information from children or minors.
We recognize the importance of protecting the privacy and safety of children and minors.
Our website and services are although directed towards a general audience and are not by any means directed towards attracting, assisting or engaging children.
Most of our products and services are best classified as useful for adults only, or under the supervision of adults, if otherwise used or visited or enquired by children or minors, we might consider it unsupervised or occasional.
We would assure you that we do not knowingly collect information about children under the age of 13 or minors otherwise defined in local law or regulation without verifiable parental consent.
If we learn, or if otherwise brought to our notice that someone under 13 has provided personal information through our website, we will use reasonable efforts to remove that information from our database.
You as a parent or guardian too remain liable to get the accessed data removed from our servers.
How often do we change our Privacy Policy.
We may review and update this Privacy Policy periodically.
VVDN does not remain accountable to intimate its visitors, either old or new on this subject.
Updates to Privacy Policy might come without any prior notice.
Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change.
This policy was last modified in March 2019.
How to contact us.
If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, or if you wish to get your records deleted from our database you may contact us using the information given below.
Do note that VVDN may revise this Privacy Policy at any time, or from time to time.
The same will be updated here.
Participants, visitors, business prospects and customers should visit this page from time to time to review the updated Privacy Policies held by VVDN.
D-22 Infocity-II, Sector 33, Gurgaon - 122001 Tel No.
.
What We Do.
Product Engineering.
Manufacturing.
Cloud and Applications.
Domains.
5G.
Networking and Wi-Fi.
Internet of Things.
Vision.
Cloud and Applications.
About VVDN.
Company Overview.
Newsroom.
Blogs.
Case Studies.
White Papers.
Careers.
Life at VVDN.
Current Openings.
Apply Now.
Contact Us.
Contact Us.
Other Offerings.
Sitemap.
Terms of use.
Privacy Policy.
Cookie Policy.
Enquire Now.
Please fill the following field to download.
Download the Complete Case Study.
