Home.
ProductsnCamnBoxnLine Cable InspectionnLight Coax – Coaxial Lighting.
nCam.
nBox.
nLine Cable Inspection.
nLight Coax – Coaxial Lighting.
SolutionsQuality ControlnLine Cable InspectionANPRPPEConveyor InspectionnWood.
Quality Control.
nLine Cable Inspection.
ANPR.
PPE.
Conveyor Inspection.
nWood.
About us.
Contact.
Jobs.
Blog.
EnglishDeutsch.
Deutsch.
Wahtari nCam – automatic qualty control simply explained.
AI solution.
Well-tested, ready-to-use AI solutions facilitate and accelerate the entry into artificial intelligence.
Individual adaptations can be easily implemented.
AI hard- and software out of the box.
#QualityControl #ANPR #LPR #PPE #ConveyorInspection.
AI hardware.
To unleash the full potential of AI technology, hardware perfectly optimized for use in AI systems is essential.
Through in-house production we can offer exclusive AI hardware.
#nCam #nBox #ANPRCam #AI on-the-edge#Intel Movidius Myriad X #Nvidia.
AI software.
Our software offers an uncomplicated and stable environment to create an AI solution tailored to your needs.
Modular, scalable and powerful.
It all begins with an idea.
#nGin #nLab.
Consulting.
Learn how your company can benefit from using Artificial Intelligence, Deep & Machine Learning.
We advise companies of all industries and sizes.
Innovate your business embrace AI’s potential.
AI for all.
We are hiring.
The latest news.
Wahtari behind the scenes.
Anabel Singer2022-05-17T15.
31.
03+02.
00May 17, 2022|.
Wahtari behind the scenes.
A look into the production of nLine - our automatic flaw detection solution for cables The [.
].
Wahtari was recently a guest on the “Lena´s Start-Ups” Podcast.
Anabel Singer2022-05-17T08.
53.
30+02.
00May 2, 2022|.
Hear, hear.
🤩👂🏼📹 Wahtari was recently a guest on the "Lena's Start-Ups" podcast.
In the interview, Co-founder Marwin speaks about [.
].
Coming Soon – Wahtari nCam Featuring the NVIDIA Jetson Xavier NX.
Anabel Singer2022-05-17T08.
50.
14+02.
00April 26, 2022|.
#ai #deeplearning #cnn #nline #wahtarincam #nvidia #qualitycontrol #cableinspection #surfaceinspection #automaticerrordedection.
Automatica 2022 – Leading Exhibition for Smart Automation and Robotics.
Anabel Singer2022-04-07T16.
41.
48+02.
00April 11, 2022|.
We are excited to announce that we will be at this year's automatica - the leading exhibition for smart automation [.
].
The combined power of conventional algorithms and state of the art deep learning technologies result in detection accuracies of more than 99%.
Products.
Wahtari nCam.
Wahtari nCam mini.
nBox.
nLine.
nLight – Coaxial Light.
Printed Circuit Board inspection – PCB.
Image-based AI system can reliably detect complex situations.
Regardless of material, size and number of components, features are identified with highest accuracy even in difficult viewing angles or light situations.
Solutions.
nLine – Cable Inspection.
Quality Control.
License Plate Recognition– ANPR.
Personal ProtectiveEquipment – PPE.
Conveyor Inspection.
Wahtari as a reliable AI partner.
Uncomplicated & Fast.
Our optimized and highly automated full stack AI pipeline enables us to implement AI systems with minimum time expenditure tailored for your application.
Perfectly adaptable AI modules allow us to implement AI solutions for almost any industry with a minimal time-to-market.
Low development costs.
Each Wahtari AI system is unique and tailored directly to your needs.
Automation and mass production enable cost-effective AI solutions for almost every industry.
We set new (cost) standards for customized AI systems.
One partner for everything.
An AI system only reaches the full potential of AI technology when software and hardware are perfectly matched.
With us you get it all from one hand.
Wahtari as KI Partner.
We deliver ready-to-use AI systems that are customized to the conditions in your company.
Our optimized pipeline enables us to realize projects for any budget.
We support you in taking advantage of the opportunities offered by the latest technological developments and setting yourself apart from your competitors.
About Wahtari.
Experts for AI-based image recognition.
Experience from many different industries Latest technologies.
Experience from many different industries Latest technologies.
Hardware and software from one hand.
Hardware and software from one hand.
About Wahtari.
Experts for AI-based image recognition.
Experience from many different industries Latest technologies.
Experience from many different industries Latest technologies.
Hardware and software from one hand.
Hardware and software from one hand.
OUR PARTNER NETWORK.
MEMBERSHIPS & SPONSORSHIPS.
We are proud to support the TUfast Racing Team as Gold Sponsor.
Official Intel AI Builder Member.
OpenSource Contributor.
DesertBit Ventures.
Contact us.
Contact us.
Your Name (required).
Company.
Your Email (required).
Subject.
Your Message.
Wahtari GmbHMünchener Str.
1485540 Haar (Munich)Germany.
Contact.
Phone +49 89 21 54 3000E-Mail .
Impressum – Legal NoticeDatenschutz – Data PrivacyAGB  – Terms & Conditions.
