Wandelbots Teaching.
Partner.
Company.
Career.
Contact.
EnglishDeutschEnglish日本語.
Deutsch.
English.
日本語.
Get a demo 5.
Wandelbots TeachingProduct informationWandelbots TeachingPricingSupported robotsService offeringGet the productGet startedBook a demoRequest a trialSolutionsWeldingEductionInnovation.
Product informationWandelbots TeachingPricingSupported robotsService offeringGet the productGet startedBook a demoRequest a trialSolutionsWeldingEductionInnovation.
Product information.
Get the product.
Solutions.
Partners.
CompanyAboutAbout usMediaBlogResourcesEvent calendar.
AboutAbout usMediaBlogResourcesEvent calendar.
About.
Media.
Career.
Contact.
EnglishDeutschEnglish日本語.
Deutsch.
English.
日本語.
About.
Medien.
Inhalt.
Veranstaltungen.
Robots.
Anwendungen.
Besondere Anwendungsfälle.
Product Informationen.
Produkt kaufen.
Lösung.
Wandelbots Plattform.
Wandelbots Platform.
About.
Media.
Content.
Events.
For Robots.
For Applications.
For Special Use-Cases.
Product information.
Get the product.
Solutions.
Privacy Policy.
Our approach to data protection.
Data protection law is part of our personal rights.
Especially in our constantly developing and networked world, the importance of these rights should not be underestimated.
Wandelbots GmbH attaches great importance to data protection law in all its forms and requirements.
The processing of your personal data, for example your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number, is always carried out in accordance with the Basic Data Protection Regulation and in compliance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to us.
We would like to inform you and also the public about the type, scope and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process in a comprehensible manner so that comprehensive clarification on the subject of data protection is provided.
Below you will therefore find comprehensive information on how we process personal data.
1.
Who we are.
The responsible for this website within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation is.
Wandelbots GmbHTiergartenstraße 3801219 DresdenTel.
49 351 86264 000.
We have appointed a data protection officer.
You can reach him under.
Tel.
+49 351 86 28 42 .
2.
For what purposes and on what legal basis we process data.
a.
General data processing when visiting the website.
Our website collects a series of general data and information from you each time you visit the website.
This general data and information is stored in the server’s log files.
The following can be recorded.
(1) browser types and versions used,(2) the operating system used by the accessing system,(3) the website from which an accessing system arrives at our website (so-called referrer),(4) the date and time of an access to the website,(5) an Internet protocol address (IP address),(6) the Internet service provider of the accessing system.
When using this general data and information, our company does not draw any conclusions about you.
Rather, this information is required in order to(1) deliver the contents of our website correctly,(2) optimise the contents of our website,(3) ensure the long-term functionality of our information technology systems and the technology of our website, and(4) to provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for prosecution in the event of a cyber attack.
Therefore, the data and information collected is, on the one hand, statistically evaluated by us and, on the other hand, it is analysed with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our enterprise so as to ultimately ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process.
The data of the server log files are stored separately from other personal data.
The legal basis for this is Art.
6 (1) f) DSGVO.
Our legitimate interest lies both in error-free delivery of the website, the ongoing optimisation of website performance and the security of our IT systems.
b.
Registration for the Wandelbots License Management Application (“WALIMA”).
As our customer or one of our partners, you have the opportunity to register for a WALIMA account.
The portal provides you with comprehensive options to manage and customise our products and services and to send us messages.
The data processing in each case serves to fulfil and adapt our customer and partner contracts on the basis of Art.
6 Para.
1 b) DSGVO.
Insofar as you use the functions of the portal to create your own users with your own rights, the processing of this data is your own responsibility.
We will not use this user data created by you for our own purposes beyond the fulfilment of our existing contracts with you.
c.
Contact options via the website and by e-mail.
If you contact us by e-mail or via the form provided on our website, the personal data you provide will be automatically stored.
Such personal data transmitted to us by you on a voluntary basis will be stored for the purpose of processing your enquiry and contacting you.
The legal basis for this is Art.
6 (1) b) DSGVO or, insofar as it is not an enquiry which is also directed towards the conclusion of a future contract, Art.
6 (1) a) DSGVO.
If you send us an enquiry for a specific offer or about our products via our contact form, we will send you information about our products and developments for an appropriate period of time on the basis of our legitimate interests pursuant to Art.
6 (1) f) DSGVO.
If you send us an unspecified enquiry via our contact form, we will ask you by e-mail whether you are interested in receiving information about our products and developments for a reasonable period of time.
Processing will then only take place with your consent in accordance with Art.
6 Para.
1 a) DSGVO.
For the administration of incoming requests, we use the Nutshell service of Nutshell, Inc.
which we have engaged as a processor.
You can find more information about Nutshell below in the overview of our service providers (data collection by third parties and data transfer to third parties).
d.
Order our newsletter.
On our website you can subscribe to our company newsletter.
In addition to providing your email address, which is mandatory for sending the newsletter, we also collect your first and last name.
The legal basis for this is Art.
6 para.
1 a) DSGVO and for the first name and surname Art.
6 para.
1 f) DSGVO.
Our legitimate interest lies in the desire to address our subscribers personally.
In order to send our newsletter, we use the “Hubspot” service, provided by HubSpot Inc.
,.
Further information on this can be found below in the overview of our service providers (data collection by third parties and data transfer to third parties).
We inform all subscribers at regular intervals by means of a newsletter about offers and innovations of our company.
For legal reasons, a confirmation email is sent to the email address entered for the first time for the newsletter dispatch using the double opt-in procedure.
This confirmation email is used to check whether the person authorised to access the email address has authorised receipt of the newsletter.
When registering for the newsletter, we also store the IP address assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) at the time of registration, the computer system used and the date and time of registration.
The collection of this data is necessary in order to be able to trace a (possible) misuse of your e-mail address at a later date and therefore serves our legal protection.
You can cancel your subscription to our newsletter at any time and revoke your consent to the storage of your personal data, which you have given us for the newsletter dispatch, at any time.
For the purpose of cancelling the newsletter subscription or revoking your consent, you will find a corresponding link in each newsletter.
Alternatively, you can also contact us directly.
Our newsletters contain so-called tracking pixels.
A tracking pixel is a miniature graphic that is embedded in emails to enable log file recording and log file analysis.
This enables a statistical evaluation of the success or failure of online marketing campaigns.
By means of the embedded tracking pixel, we can see whether and when the newsletter was opened and which links were called up by you from the newsletter.
Such personal data collected via the tracking pixels contained in the newsletters are stored and evaluated by us in order to optimise the newsletter dispatch and to adapt the content of future newsletters even better to the interests of the subscribers.
This personal data will not be passed on to third parties.
You are entitled at any time to revoke the separate declaration of consent given in this regard via the double opt-in procedure.
The processing of the analysis data is based on Art.
6 para.
1 f) DSGVO.
Our legitimate interests lie in analysing the usage habits of our subscribers and improving our advertising efforts.
e.
Our blog – your comments.
We offer you a blog on our website where, in addition to the latest information, you have the opportunity to leave individual comments on individual blog posts.
A blog is a portal on a website, usually publicly visible, in which one or more persons, called bloggers or web bloggers, can post articles or write down thoughts in so-called blogposts.
The entries can usually be commented on by third parties.
If you leave a comment on our blog, in addition to the comments you leave, details of when you entered the comment and the user name (pseudonym) you chose will be stored and published.
We must reserve the right to check the content of your comment before publishing it.
Furthermore, the IP address assigned by your Internet service provider (ISP) is also logged.
This storage of the IP address is done for security reasons and in case you violate the rights of third parties by posting a comment or post illegal content (insults, forbidden political propaganda, etc.
).
The storage of this personal data is therefore in our own interest (Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f.
DSGVO), so that we can defend ourselves if necessary in the event of an infringement.
The personal data collected will not be passed on to third parties, unless such a transfer is required by law or serves our legal defence.
Furthermore, we will use the mandatory e-mail address to prevent spam postings and also to send you notifications when someone has replied to your comment.
The legal basis for this is in each case Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f.
DSGVO.
Our legitimate interest lies on the one hand in keeping the comments free of spam and on the other hand in improving communication about our contributions.
Furthermore, we reserve the right, on the basis of our legitimate interests pursuant to Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f.
DSGVO.
DSGVO, we reserve the right to process user data for the purpose of spam detection.
f.
Applications.
You can also send us your application documents via our website, which we will then process in order to check a possible employment with us.
The legal basis for this is Art.
6 para.
1 b) DSGVO.
We have called in Ziggeo, Inc.
as an order processor to handle this task.
Further information on data processing can be found further below in the overview of our service providers (data collection by third parties and data transfer to third parties).
g.
General advertising activities towards customers and interested parties.
As a company, we are always trying to win new customers for our products and services.
We will therefore collect and process personal data from potential interested parties and their contact persons both ourselves and via the service providers we use within the scope of our legitimate interests and on the basis of Art.
6 (1) f) DSGVO.
Our interest here lies in expanding our customer base.
The same applies to the processing of data of former customers and their contact persons, whom we would like to encourage through our continued advertising activities to purchase our products and use our services again in the future.
Further information on the service providers used for this purpose can be found below in the section on service providers (data collection by third parties and data transfer to third parties).
On the basis of our binding internal guidelines, we will constantly check whether the data of individual persons is still covered by our legitimate interests and whether it can be deleted after the expiry of the internally specified deadlines.
h.
Processing of customer data in a contractual relationship.
If you or your employer enter into a contractual relationship with us regarding our products or services, we will process your personal data for the duration of the existence of the contractual relationship on the basis of Art.
6 (1) b) DSGVO for the fulfilment of mutual contractual obligations.
In addition, we will also process your data for advertising purposes during the term of the contract on the basis of Art.
6 (1) f) DSGVO in order to offer you further products and services of our company.
Our legitimate interest here lies in the expansion of our company business vis-à-vis our existing customers.
3.
Deletion and blocking of personal data.
We process and store your personal data only for the period of time necessary to achieve the purpose of storage or if this has been provided for by the European Directive and Regulation Maker or another legislator in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject.
If the storage purpose ceases to apply or if a storage period prescribed by the European Directive and Regulation Maker or another competent legislator expires, the personal data will be routinely blocked or deleted in accordance with the statutory provisions.
As a rule, we will delete data that we have received via e-mails, contact forms or from our service providers and that do not result in an offer process after 2 years.
In individual cases, this period can be extended to up to 3 years due to continued communication.
If a contractual relationship is established, we will retain data that is transferred into an offer process for the duration of this contractual relationship and, after its termination, until the expiry of the regular limitation periods.
If the contact data for individual data subjects is no longer required due to the specific contractual relationship and there are no retention periods for this data, we will also delete the data earlier upon request.
After completion of the application process, we will either transfer incoming applications to the personnel file or delete them after a period of 6 months, if the applicant is not hired.
4.
Data collection by third parties and data transfer to third parties.
a) Data processing with our sales partners.
In the course of our business activities, we cooperate in various ways with third parties who support us in the initiation, processing and ongoing support of our business contacts and contractual partners.
Some of our partners sell our products on their own responsibility, but are obliged to inform us who uses our products.
For this purpose, only the names of the companies are transmitted.
However, as this could also involve personal data, these partners are listed here.
The legal basis for the storage of the data transmitted to us by the partner is Art.
6 para.
1 f) DSGVO.
Our legitimate interest lies in the recording of all customers using our products.
Furthermore, we are contractually obliged towards some partners to provide first and/or second level support, for which the partner must transmit to us the data necessary for the fulfilment of the support.
The legal basis in this respect is Art.
6 para.
1 b) DSGVO.
We have engaged other partners as order processors in order to acquire potential customers for us.
These partners are subject to our instructions when collecting and passing on the data to us and therefore fall within our area of responsibility for data processing.
b) Technical sales partners.
In addition to the above-mentioned partners, we also use the predominantly technical service offerings of third-party companies to structure our sales and support.
For this purpose, we use the following companies for the specified purposes.
1.
Facebook.
We use the Facebook Pixel on our website.
This is a conversion measurement tool from Facebook Inc, 1601 S.
California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”).
With its help, we can track the actions of users after they have seen or clicked on a Facebook ad.
This allows us to track the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes.
The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, which means that we do not see the personal data of individual users.
However, this data is stored and processed by Facebook.
At the same time, Facebook can use this data to define our website visitors as its own target group for advertising.
We refrain from extended matching with data such as email addresses and transaction data from online shops.
Facebook can also link this data to your Facebook account and use it for its own advertising purposes, in accordance with its own data usage policy ( You may allow Facebook and its partners to serve ads on and off Facebook.
A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes.
This consent may only be given by users over the age of 13.
If you are younger, please ask your parent or guardian for advice.
You can object to the use of data by Facebook here.
.
2.
LinkedIn Services.
This website uses LinkedIn Services to enhance the user experience on the website, and to enable you to apply for jobs on LinkedIn, facilitate your use of the LinkedIn social network, and connect with other LinkedIn users.
The provider is LinkedIn Corporation, 599 N Mathilda Ave, Sunnyvale, CA 94085, USA.
LinkedIn receives information about your visits and interactions with the LinkedIn services we offer, e.
g.
when you log in via LinkedIn or use plug-ins (e.
g.
“Share with LinkedIn” or “Apply with LinkedIn”).
When you use LinkedIn services on our website, LinkedIn uses your login information, cookies, device information and Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your usage.
For more information about the cookies used by LinkedIn, please visit.
.
If you are a member of the provider’s social network and are logged into the social network during your visit to this website, your data and information about your visit to this website may be linked to your profile on the social network.
We have no influence on the exact scope of the data collected about you by the provider.
For more information on the scope, type, purpose of data processing, retention periods and your rights and data protection settings, please refer to the LinkedIn data protection information at  and .
In cases where you expressly consent to the processing of your data, e.
g.
if you as a LinkedIn member agree to our request to access your resources on LinkedIn, your consent is the legal basis for the data processing (Art.
7 DSGVO).
In other cases, e.
g.
if you apply to us via LinkedIn, the processing of your personal data is necessary for the establishment of the employment relationship (Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
b DSGVO and § 26 BDSG).
To prevent LinkedIn from collecting data for advertising purposes, you can set a cookie via this link.
addition, you can make further data protection adjustments via this link.
.
3.
LinkedIn Marketing Solutions.
We use LinkedIn Marketing Solutions on our website.
LinkedIn Marketing Solutions stores and processes information about your user behaviour on our website.
We use LinkedIn Marketing Solutions for marketing and optimisation purposes, in particular to analyse the use of our website and to continuously improve individual functions and offers as well as the user experience.
You can also prevent the installation of cookies by deleting existing cookies and deactivating the storage of cookies in the settings of your web browser.
Please note that in this case you may not be able to use all the functions of our website to their full extent.
4.
HubSpot.
This website uses HubSpot.
The provider is HubSpot Inc.
, with registered office at Unter den Linden 26, 10117 Berlin and headquarters in the USA at 25 First Street, 2nd Floor, Cambridge, MA 02141.
Hubspot is a service that, among other things, organises the sending of newsletters and also analyses customer behaviour on websites and when using the newsletter.
The data you enter for the purpose of receiving the newsletter is stored on HubSpot’s servers.
Our newsletters sent with HubSpot enable us to analyse the behaviour of newsletter recipients.
Among other things, we can analyse how many recipients have opened the newsletter message and how often which link in the newsletter was clicked.
With the help of so-called conversion tracking, it can also be determined whether a predefined action (e.
g.
purchase of a product, sharing of information on social media, unsubscribes) has taken place after clicking on the links in the newsletter.
Furthermore, we can also record when a newsletter message was opened.
This enables us to deliver newsletter mailings when the respective newsletter recipient is likely to be most active.
The time zone of the newsletter recipient can also be taken into account here.
HubSpot also offers us the option of dividing newsletter recipients into groups based on their interest.
In this way, we can provide our newsletter recipients with content that is as interest-based as possible.
HubSpot makes it possible to analyse the behaviour of users of our website.
For example, we record which pages are opened, how long a page is viewed or whether a user has already been to our website.
Content that is displayed on the website can be dynamically displayed according to user interest and thus improve the user experience of our website.
For more information about HubSpot’s features, please visit.
.
We have concluded a contract with HubSpot in which we oblige HubSpot to protect our customers’ data and not to pass it on to third parties.
c) Recruiting.
We rely on the services of the following companies to improve our employee acquisition.
PrescreenYou have the opportunity to apply for open positions in our company via our website.
We use the services of PreScreen to optimise the application process.
PreScreen is offered and operated by Prescreen International GmbH, Mariahilfer Straße 17, 1060 Vienna, Austria.
If you would like to apply for a vacancy via our website, the data you have to provide will be recorded in an embedded screen section (frame).
By visiting our Carreer sub-page, your personal access data (e.
g.
IP address, terminal device used) will be processed in order to optimise the presentation of the website and to prepare the application process.
Furthermore, through PreScreen you have the option of having your data automatically inserted by an import of the business portals Xing and Linked-In.
This is completely voluntary for you and only takes place through your action and the consent given in accordance with Art.
6 Para.
1 a).
This is given to PreScreen, so that the consent must also be revoked vis-à-vis our provider and can be revoked at any time.
We process the applicant data only for the purpose of and within the scope of the application procedure.
Applicant data is processed to fulfil our (pre-)contractual obligations within the scope of the application procedure within the meaning of Art.
6 Para.
1 lit.
b, f DSGVO, § 26 BDSG insofar as data processing becomes necessary for us (e.
g.
within the scope of legal procedures).
Applicant data usually includes your personal details, postal and contact addresses and the documents relating to the application, such as cover letter, CV and certificates.
In addition, applicants may voluntarily provide us with additional information.
By submitting your application to us, you consent to the processing of your data for the purposes of the application process in the manner and to the extent set out in this privacy policy.
Insofar as special categories of personal data within the meaning of Art.
9 (1) DSGVO are voluntarily disclosed within the scope of the application procedure, their processing is additionally carried out in accordance with Art.
9 (2) lit.
b DSGVO (e.
g.
health data, such as severely disabled status or ethnic origin).
Insofar as special categories of personal data within the meaning of Art.
9 (1) DSGVO are requested from applicants in the context of the application procedure, their processing is additionally carried out in accordance with Art.
9 (2) a DSGVO (e.
g.
health data, if this is necessary for the exercise of the profession).
Subject to a justified revocation by the applicants, the data will be deleted after the purpose has been fulfilled or after twelve months have elapsed after the vacancy has been filled, in order to be able to answer any follow-up questions about the application.
However, you also have the option in the application process to consent to the data being stored for the period indicated there, usually 2 years.
This consent can also be revoked at any time.
Further information on how Preescreen works and how it deals with data protection law can be found in the registration form.
d) Analysis services.
1.
Google Analytics (with anonymisation function)We have integrated the Google Analytics component (with anonymisation function) on our website.
Google Analytics is a web analysis service.
Web analysis is the collection, compilation and evaluation of data about the behaviour of visitors to websites.
A web analysis service collects, among other things, data on which website you came to a website from (so-called referrers), which sub-pages of the website were accessed or how often and for how long a sub-page was viewed.
A web analysis is mainly used to optimise a website and to analyse the costs and benefits of internet advertising.
The operating company of the Google Analytics component is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
We use the add-on “_gat.
_anonymizeIp” for web analysis via Google Analytics.
By means of this add-on, your IP address of your internet connection will be shortened and anonymised by Google if access to our internet pages takes place from a member state of the European Union or from another state party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
The purpose of the Google Analytics component is to analyse the flow of visitors to our website.
Google uses the data and information obtained, among other things, to evaluate the use of our website, to compile online reports for us showing the activities on our website and to provide other services in connection with the use of our website.
Google Analytics sets a cookie on your information technology system.
We have already explained what cookies are in section 3.
By setting the cookie, Google is enabled to analyse the use of our website.
Each time you call up one of the individual pages of this website that is operated by us and on which a Google Analytics component has been integrated, the internet browser on your information technology system is automatically prompted by the respective Google Analytics component to transmit data to Google for the purpose of online analysis.
As part of this technical procedure, Google obtains knowledge of personal data, such as your IP address, which Google uses, among other things, to track the origin of visitors and clicks and subsequently to enable commission settlements.
Through this measure, personal information, for example the access time, the location from which an access originated and the frequency of your visits to our website can be stored.
Each time you visit our website, your personal data, including the IP address of the internet connection you are using, will be transmitted to and stored by Google – possibly also in the United States of America.
Google may pass on this personal data collected via the technical process to third parties.
As described under point 3, you can prevent the setting of cookies at any time by means of an appropriate setting of the Internet browser used and thus permanently object to the setting of cookies.
Such a setting of the Internet browser used would also prevent Google from setting a cookie on your information technology system.
In addition, a cookie already set by Google Analytics can be deleted at any time via the internet browser or other software programmes.
Furthermore, you can object to the collection of data generated by Google Analytics and related to the use of this website as well as to the processing of this data by Google and prevent such processing.
To do this, you must download and install a browser add-on under the link  This browser add-on tells Google Analytics via JavaScript that no data and information about visits to websites may be transmitted to Google Analytics.
The installation of the browser add-on is considered by Google as an objection.
If your information technology system is deleted, formatted or reinstalled at a later date, you must reinstall the browser add-on in order to deactivate Google Analytics.
If the browser add-on is uninstalled or deactivated by you or another person within your control, you may reinstall or reactivate the browser add-on.
Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Google can be found at  and at  Google Analytics is explained in more detail under this link .
2.
Google tag manager.
We use GTM on our site, a cookie-less domain that passes data to other web analytics tools.
The service is provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
The tool itself does not collect personal data, but ensures that other tags can collect data.
If you have deactivated the use of cookies, this deactivation also applies to all other tags implemented via the GTM.
Further information on data protection can be found at  and at .
e) Delivery of media content.
1.
YouTubeWe use the provider YouTube for the integration of videos.
YouTube is operated by YouTube LLC with headquarters at 901 Cherry Avenue, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.
YouTube is represented by Google Inc.
with headquarters at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
On some of our Internet pages, we use plug-ins from the provider YouTube.
When you call up the web pages of our website that are provided with such a plug-in – for example, our homepage – a connection is established to the YouTube servers and the plug-in is displayed.
This transmits to the YouTube server which of our web pages you have visited.
If you are logged in as a YouTube member, YouTube assigns this information to your personal user account.
When using the plug-in, such as clicking on the start button of a video, this information is also assigned to your user account.
You can prevent this assignment by logging out of your YouTube user account, as well as other user accounts of the companies YouTube LLC and Google Inc.
and deleting the corresponding cookies of the companies before using our website.
For further information on YouTube and the data protection settings, please refer to the data protection information ( and the terms of use ( of Google Inc.
2 GoToWebinar.
For our webinars, we use GoToWebinar, which is offered by LogMeIn Inc, 333 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02210 USA.
The provider is responsible for providing this service and processing the associated data.
To participate in a webinar, we transmit your registration data to the provider of GoToWebinar after receiving your consent (Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a DSGVO).
An encrypted connection is then established between you and the webinar organiser.
We regularly record the webinars and offer them for retrieval in the future via our site.
Any questions and answers from participants of the webinar will also be recorded.
We will refer to the recording option in the context of the webinar.
As a participant in a webinar, you agree not to record the webinar yourself.
You have the option to end the webinar at any time by closing the browser window or the app.
Otherwise, your participation ends automatically with the termination of the webinar by the organiser.
For the purpose of internal evaluation of a webinar, we receive statistical data from the provider, such as the registration data and duration of participation.
We may also use this information within the scope of our legitimate interests (Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f DSGVO) for the further support of you as our customers as well as for the improvement of our service offer.
You can find the data protection information on GoToWebinar at .
f) Social media accounts.
We use the social networks LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter and Facebook.
We have integrated links to our social network presences on our website.
LinkedIn is an internet-based social network that allows users to connect with existing business contacts and make new business contacts.
The operating company of LinkedIn is LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
For data protection issues outside the USA, LinkedIn Ireland, Privacy Policy Issues, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland, is responsible.
If you follow the link to our presence on LinkedIn, LinkedIn will recognise your visit to our site and will evaluate your user data in accordance with the data protection provisions and terms and conditions.
Details can be found at .
Instagram is a platform that allows users to share photos and videos and also to redistribute such data on other social networks.
The operating company of the Instagram services is Instagram LLC, 1 Hacker Way, Building 14 First Floor, Menlo Park, CA, USA.
Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Instagram can be found at  and .
The short message service Twitter is a service of Twitter Inc.
, 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA.
As a user, you can share our texts and images and tell us via the short message service whether you like the content.
You can also subscribe to us as the author of the content.
You can find out more about how Twitter handles data protection at .
As a social network, Facebook enables its users to communicate with each other and interact in virtual space.
It therefore also serves as a platform for the exchange of opinions and reports or enables the Internet community to provide personal or company-related information.
Facebook gives its users the opportunity, among other things, to create private profiles, download photos to the network or network with acquaintances, customers or business partners via friend requests.
In addition, company profiles can also be presented via the social network.
The operating company of Facebook is Facebook, Inc.
, 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA.
The data controller for all persons living outside the USA and Canada is Facebook Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.
The privacy policy published by Facebook, which can be found at  provides information on the processing of personal data by Facebook.
5.
Our handling of cookies and third-party content on the website.
Our website is operated by, among other things, the use of cookies.
Cookies are text files that are placed and stored on your computer system via your internet browser.
Numerous websites and servers use cookies.
Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID.
A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie.
It consists of a string of characters by which Internet pages and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored.
This enables the visited Internet pages and servers to distinguish your individual browser from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies.
A specific internet browser can be recognised and identified via the unique cookie ID.
Through the use of cookies, our website can provide you with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting.
By means of a cookie, the information and offers on our website can be optimised in your interest.
Cookies therefore enable us to recognise you.
They are small files that are set when you visit websites.
With their help, your internet browser remembers that you have visited our website before.
The purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to use our website.
When you use our website, for example, you do not have to re-enter your access data each time you visit the website, because this is done by our website and the cookie stored on your computer system.
In order to provide you with the legally required options to control the use of cookies and the functions of third-party content, we have integrated a consent tool into our website, which you can use to control your individual consents.
You can reach the tool for subsequent adjustment of the settings here.
6.
What rights do you have.
The European legislator has given you a number of options within the framework of the General Data Protection Regulation to assert your rights – also against us.
In order to comply with our duty to inform you in this respect, your rights are set out below.
a) Right to confirmation.
You have the right to request confirmation from us as to whether your personal data is being processed.
If you would like to make use of this right of confirmation, you can contact our contact person below at any time.
b) Right to information.
You have the right to obtain from us at any time, free of charge, information about your stored personal data (e.
g.
the purpose of processing or the categories of data processed) and a copy of this information.
If this is the case, you have a right of access to this personal data.
You also have the right to know whether your personal data has been transferred to a third country or to an international organisation.
If this is the case, you also have the right to obtain information about the appropriate safeguards in connection with the transfer.
If you would like to make use of this right to information, you can contact our contact person below at any time.
c) Right to rectification.
You have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate personal data relating to you without undue delay.
Taking into account the purposes of the processing, you also have the right to request the completion of incomplete personal data – also by means of a supplementary declaration.
If you would like to make use of this right of rectification, you can contact our contact person below at any time.
d) Right to erasure (right to be forgotten).
You have the right to demand that we delete your personal data immediately.
We are also obliged to delete personal data immediately if there is a reason that does not justify the processing of the data (e.
g.
personal data was collected for such purposes or otherwise processed for which it is no longer necessary).
If one of the above reasons applies and you wish to arrange for the deletion of your personal data stored by us, you can contact our contact person below at any time.
He or she will ensure that your request for deletion is complied with immediately.
If we have made your personal data public and we are obliged to erase it, we shall take reasonable measures, including technical measures, having regard to the available technology and the cost of implementation, to inform data controllers who process the personal data that you have requested that we erase all links to or copies or replications of that personal data.
e) Right to restrict processing.
You have the right to request us to restrict processing if one of the following conditions is met.
The accuracy of the personal data is contested by you for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
The processing is unlawful, you object to the erasure of the personal data and request instead the restriction of the use of the personal data.
We no longer need the personal data for the purposes of processing, but you need it to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
You have objected to the processing pursuant to Art.
21 (1) DS-GVO and it is not yet clear whether our legitimate grounds outweigh yours.
If one of the above conditions is met and you would like to request the restriction of your personal data stored by us, you can contact our contact person below at any time.
We will notify you of any rectification or deletion of your personal data or restriction of processing unless this proves impossible or involves a disproportionate effort.
We will inform you about these recipients if you request this.
f) Right to data portability.
You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you that you have provided to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format.
Furthermore, you have the right to transfer this data to another controller without hindrance from us, to whom the personal data has been provided.
To assert the right to data portability, you can contact our contact person below at any time.
g) Right to object.
You have the right to object at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of your personal data concerning you which is carried out on the basis of Article 6(1)(e) or (f) of the DS-GVO.
This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
We will no longer process the personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing serves the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims.
h) Right to withdraw consent under data protection law.
You have the right to revoke your consent to the processing of personal data at any time.
If you wish to assert the revocation of consent, you can contact the following office at any time, irrespective of other revocation options provided for this purpose in the specific individual case.
Wandelbots GmbH.
Tiergarten Street 38.
01219 Dresden.
Tel.
+49 351 86 28 42 40.
7.
Supervisory authority and complaint.
Should you wish to contact a public authority regarding your queries about data protection, you may address your concerns and enquiries to the Saxon Data Protection Commissioner.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
Pricing.
Supported Systems.
Service offering.
Get the product.
Get started.
​Book a demo​.
Request a trial.
Solutions.
Welding.
Education.
Innovation.
Company.
Contact.
About us.
Careers.
Partner.
Media.
Blog.
Resources.
Event calendar.
Follow Us.
Product.
Pricing.
Supported Systems.
Service offering.
Get the product.
Get started.
​Book a demo​.
Request a trial.
Solutions.
Welding.
Education.
Innovation.
Company.
Contact.
About us.
Careers.
Partner.
Media.
Blog.
Resources.
Event calendar.
Follow Us.
Imprint Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions.
