Home.
ProductsView all ProductsSmart GatewaysSensorsInterfaceRemote Control AutomationOther Sensors.
View all Products.
Smart Gateways.
Sensors.
Interface.
Remote Control Automation.
Other Sensors.
Solution by IndustryView all IndustriesIAQ-Internal Air Quality MonitoringVacant Property MonitoringData Centre SolutionsGreenhouse MonitoringSmart Hospital ManagementIoT for RestaurantsElderly Care MonitoringWireless Smart Building Automation (IoT)Smart Parking ManagementCold-Storage and Climate Controlled StorageIndustries and FactoriesGYM Solutions.
View all Industries.
IAQ-Internal Air Quality Monitoring.
Vacant Property Monitoring.
Data Centre Solutions.
Greenhouse Monitoring.
Smart Hospital Management.
IoT for Restaurants.
Elderly Care Monitoring.
Wireless Smart Building Automation (IoT).
Smart Parking Management.
Cold-Storage and Climate Controlled Storage.
Industries and Factories.
GYM Solutions.
Cloud.
Dealership.
Support.
Contact.
Home.
ProductsView all ProductsSmart GatewaysSensorsInterfaceRemote Control AutomationOther Sensors.
View all Products.
Smart Gateways.
Sensors.
Interface.
Remote Control Automation.
Other Sensors.
Solution by IndustryView all IndustriesIAQ-Internal Air Quality MonitoringVacant Property MonitoringData Centre SolutionsGreenhouse MonitoringSmart Hospital ManagementIoT for RestaurantsElderly Care MonitoringWireless Smart Building Automation (IoT)Smart Parking ManagementCold-Storage and Climate Controlled StorageIndustries and FactoriesGYM Solutions.
View all Industries.
IAQ-Internal Air Quality Monitoring.
Vacant Property Monitoring.
Data Centre Solutions.
Greenhouse Monitoring.
Smart Hospital Management.
IoT for Restaurants.
Elderly Care Monitoring.
Wireless Smart Building Automation (IoT).
Smart Parking Management.
Cold-Storage and Climate Controlled Storage.
Industries and Factories.
GYM Solutions.
Cloud.
Dealership.
Support.
Contact.
Privacy Policy.
This privacy policy applies to the collection, storage, use, and disclosure of WatchNET IoT and personal information by or on behalf of WATCHNET INC (referred to in this policy as “WatchNET IoT”, “our”, “we” or “us”) in connection with our practices regarding the collection, storage, use and disclosure of WatchNET IoT Data and personal information that we collect from users via our website “Watchnetinc.
com” (‘website’), WatchNET IoT products, mobile apps, and related services.
This privacy policy forms a contract between User and WatchNET IoT that governs user access and use of the WatchNET IoT website, products, mobile apps, and related services.
By using the website and related services, you agree to be bound by this privacy policy.
PLEASE READ THIS POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE SUBMITTING YOUR WATCHNET IOT DATA OR PERSONAL INFORMATION THROUGH OUR WEBSITE OR RELATED SERVICES OR ACCESSING, BROWSING OR OTHERWISE USING THE WEBSITE.
If you submit your WatchNET IoT Data or personal information on the website, your information will be processed as per the terms of this policy.
1.
OUR COMMITMENT.
We are committed to protecting your personal information and ensuring its privacy, accuracy, and security.
We handle your personal information in a responsible manner in accordance with the Privacy Act (the “Act”) and the Canadian Privacy Principles.
By using any of our services, visiting our website or giving us your license plate data and personal information, you agree to your information being collected, stored, used and disclosed as set out in this Privacy Policy.
2.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY.
This Site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13.
The Site does not knowingly collect or store personal identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
If you have concerns about this Site or its services, if you believe that your child under 13 has gained access to our website without your permission, you may contact us at 351 Ferrier St #5, Markham, ON L3R 5Z2.
3.
PERSONAL INFORMATION.
‘Personal information’ means information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable, whether true or not and whether or not recorded in a material form.
WHOSE PERSONAL AND OTHER INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT.
We may collect your personal and other information from a range of sources, including from you, other agencies, contractors, business partners and government agencies.
Wherever reasonable and practicable, we collect personal information from the individual to whom the information relates.
Providing personal information about someone other than yourself is Prohibited under the Law.
4.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ON THIS WEBSITE.
When registering on our Website, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, credit card information or other details for billing and other purpose.
We collect information about you if you make use of any of the interactive features within our Website that rely on a personalized response, or where you ask us to respond to a query you have.
The information we collect is limited to the details we need to provide the specific service you have asked for.
We do not collect sensitive information, such as your political or religious beliefs, ethnic background, sexual preference, health or any other sensitive information.
The types of information we collect includes.
(i) Contact information (such as name, postal and email address and telephone number).
(ii) login credentials.
(iii) License Plate Data Information.
and.
(iv) Other personal information in content you provide to us, such as through emails you send us.
A.
Information that you voluntarily provide to us.
You can read about our services on our website without sharing your name and contact information.
In certain places on this website, you may be asked to provide your name, contact information and/or email address to use a website feature or communicate with us including commenting on our blog.
Opening an account may require information, for example your name, company, email address, telephone number, mailing address, and credit card numbers.
It is your option to provide the information requested.
However, if you do not provide details that are essential (e.
g.
, as may be identified in a registration form), it would be impossible to use some of the features and functions of the website and/or to benefit from our services or promotions.
We may retain records of any messages which you may send to us through this website or other websites owned by us, or by other electronic communications with us.
B.
Information collected automatically.
When you visit our website, our information technology systems automatically collect information about the equipment you are using and about your use of our website and services.
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, the login name and password for the website if you sign in for access, the email address which you use to communicate with us, your computer and connection information (for example, browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform), and records of your subscription with us.
We also may collect URL click stream information to, through, and from our websites, which shows your website navigation history.
This information may include the date and time of your visit, cookie number, if any.
We may also use browser data such as cookies for fraud prevention and other purposes.
We may use software tools to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (for example scrolling, clicks, and mouse-over), and methods used to browse away from the page.
We may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and for dealing with diagnostic purposes relating to our website.
C.
IoT Data .
WatchNET IoT is regularly engaged in locating and repossessing collateralized data.
WatchNET IoT collects environmental data through the use of analog and digital data collection devices.
“IoT Data” means the data owned by WatchNET IoT consisting of environmental data ,numbers, dates, times, and location information related to such environment only and does not contain personally identifiable information in the form of names, addresses, social security numbers, telephone numbers, email addresses, or any other information that can be used to distinguish or trace an individual’s identity.
Activity tracking logs will be kept facilitating and monitoring the use of platform compliance with applicable privacy laws.
D.
Other information we might receive.
We may also receive personal information about you from dealers and third parties.
5.
COOKIES.
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier.
Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
6.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT.
We do not disclose personally identifiable information collected from you during visits to our website except as provided in this Privacy Policy.
We may aggregate collected information from multiple customers and visitors to create data which can be analyzed to determine general customer and visitor levels of interest in particular products or services.
We may also analyze collected URL click stream information to and from our websites.
We may use your personal information to improve our services, to customize the content you see for research, marketing and other business purposes.
We may also contact you from time to time to inform you of our products and services and to ask for comments.
7.
USE OF LICENSE IoT DATA.
IoT Data may only be used or collected for legitimate, commercial purposes that are not in violation of applicable law.
Environmental IoT data collected by WatchNET IoT is primarily used to display on web or mobile dashboard and send information back to the registered user.
The WatchNET IoT Data may be retained indefinitely unless otherwise required to be destroyed in accordance with applicable law or contractual terms (in which case the License Plate Data shall be destroyed in accordance with the applicable retention period based on the date of collection).
8.
ADVERTISING.
We may work with other third-party companies to analyze the data to provide better analytics and advanced preventive maintenance warning for devices connected and to study the trend and use of energy by buildings to create a specialized energy-saving platform for industries.
9.
PAYMENT PROCESSING PARTNER AND LEGAL DISCLOSURE.
We may share your information with third party service providers for processing payments made by credit or debit card in connection with transaction with us.
We may disclose your information if we have a good faith belief that the disclosure is required by law, is required in order to enforce the Terms of Service for this website, or is necessary to detect, prevent or address fraud or security issues or to prevent harm to WatchNET IoT or others.
10.
THIRD-PARTY SERVICES.
This website may offer features and services which are administered or provided by third parties hired by WatchNET IoT like Facebook Like button and widgets, such as the “Share” button or interactive mini-programs.
To receive these services, you may be required to provide these third parties with personal information.
This website may also contain links to other sites which are not owned, maintained, operated or endorsed by or for WatchNET IoT.
Since such services and sites are subject to separate privacy practices and security protocols established by the third-party providers, please read the other sites’ privacy policies to understand how your personal information is collected, used and protected when you visit those sites.
Otherwise, WatchNET IoT does not authorize third parties to collect and use personally identifiable information from or through our website except for the purpose of providing services to or on behalf of WatchNET IoT.
11.
COMMUNICATIONS.
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you.
You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in any email we send.
12.
SECURITY.
The security of your Personal Information and Data is important to us, but remembers that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
We take reasonable steps to protect your Personal and License Plate information from misuse, interference, loss and unauthorized access, modification and disclosure.
Such steps include.
physical security over paper-based and electronic data storage and premises.
computer and network security measures, including use of firewalls, password access and secure servers including socket layer technology (SSL).
restricting access to your personal information to employees and those acting on our behalf who are authorized and on a ‘need to know’ basis.
retaining your information for a period reasonably required, unless we are required by law to retain it for longer.
and entering into confidentiality agreements with staff and third parties.
13.
TESTIMONIALS.
We post customer testimonials on our web site, which may contain personally identifiable information.
We do obtain the customer’s consent via email prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial.
If you want your testimonial removed, please contact us.
14.
DATA QUALITY.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your information is accurate, complete and up-to-date.
However, we rely on you to advise us of any changes or corrections to the information we hold about you.
15.
ACCESS.
You may request access to the information we hold about you by contacting us.
We will respond to your request within a reasonable time.
We will provide you with access to the information we hold about you unless otherwise permitted or required by law.
If we deny you access to the information, we will notify you of the basis for the denial unless an exception applies.
16.
CORRECTION.
If you believe that personal information, we hold about you is incorrect, incomplete or not current, you may request that we update or correct your information by contacting us.
17.
COMPLAINTS.
If you have a complaint in relation to the collection, storage, use or disclosure of your personal information, please contact us.
18.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy or any part of it from time to time.
Please review this Policy periodically for changes.
19.
HOW TO CONTACT US.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us as follows.
CANADA.
Watchnet INC351 Ferrier St #5, Markham, ON L3R 5Z2Canada.
Phone.
(416) 410-6865.
USA.
171 Cooper Ave.
Suite 110  Tonawanda, NY 14150 USA Phone.
1-716-877-7277.
UAE.
PO Box No 126312Office Suite 703 Oxford Tower Business Bay Dubai, UAEPhone.
+ 971 4 2767117.
View Our Product Catalogue.
View Our Quick Reference Sheet.
Toll Free.
1-866-843-6865.
Tel.
416-410-6865.
Email.
.
ABOUTAbout WatchNET IoTBlogEventsNewsroomProductsWhy WatchNET IoT.
Where to buy.
Contact Us.
SUPPORTManualsKnowledge BaseFAQWarrantyPrivacy Policy.
Follow Us.
© 2021 All Rights Reserved.
