Privacy policy.
What data is collected.
WayRay® collects certain information or data about you when you use our Website.
We collect.
questions, queries or feedback you leave, including your email address if you contact WayRay®.
your email address and subscription preferences when you sign up for our email newsletter.
your Internet Protocol (IP) address, and details about what web browser version you use.
information on how you use the site, using cookies.
personal information contained in your CV sent through our Career section.
This data can be viewed by authorized people in WayRay® and our supplier organizations to.
improve the site by monitoring how you use it.
gather feedback to improve our services, for example, our email newsletter.
respond to any feedback you send us if you’ve asked us to.
send an email newsletter to visitors who request it.
make decisions concerning your employment.
The processing and use of your data for advertising purposes is only done with your consent.
You can revoke a given consent at any time with future effect.
Newsletter.
Our Website can be used to subscribe to newsletters.
The data provided during the newsletter registration will be used only for the purposes of sending out the newsletter, provided you have not consented to other use.
You can cancel the subscription at any time by using the unsubscribe option provided in the newsletter.
Use of cookies.
Our authorized partners and we may use cookies and other information-gathering technologies for a variety of purposes.
These technologies may provide us with personal information, information about devices and networks you utilize to access our Website, and other information regarding your interactions with our Website.
Detailed information on the cookies and other automatic technologies in use for this website can be found in the List of cookies.
Third-party services we use.
Greenhouse.
Greenhouse is a US-based provider of cloud-based software services that help us manage and optimize our recruiting and hiring processes and store your personal data contained in your job request, CV, etc.
You may find more information in Greenhouse Privacy Policy.
MailChimp.
We use MailChimp to distribute our newsletter to visitors who have subscribed to it.
We collect personal data via Mailchimp, which includes your email.
You can find more information regarding MailChimp’s privacy practices on their website.
.
Google Marketing.
Our website uses Google Marketing Platform, a unified advertising and analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
("Google").
The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
We will use this information to optimize the user experience of our website as well as deliver more relevant and effective marketing.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
Further information about Google’s privacy policy may be obtained from .
Legal basis for processing (EEA only).
If you are an individual from the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for collecting and using your personal data will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will generally collect personal information from you only where.
(a) we have your consent to do so, (b) we need the personal information to perform a contract with you (e.
g.
, to enter into an employment agreement), or (c) the processing is in our or a third party’s legitimate interests (and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms).
In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
EEA Resident Rights.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, you have the following data protection rights.
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us via .
In addition, you can ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information or request the portability of your personal information.
Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us via .
You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in the marketing emails we send you or by contacting us via .
Similarly, if we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time.
Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on legal processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information.
For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right to keep any information in our archives that we deem necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Privacy of minors.
To access or use our Website, you must be 16 years of age or older.
otherwise, your use of our Website must be under the supervision of a parent or guardian or another responsible adult.
If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us.
If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we remove such information and terminate the child's account.
How long we keep your personal information.
We keep your personal information only so long as we need it to provide you with access to the Website and to fulfill the purposes described in this Policy.
This is also the case for anyone that we share your personal information with and who carries out services on our behalf.
Retention periods can vary significantly based on the type of information and how it is used.
When we no longer need to use your personal information for the declared purpose, we’ll remove it from our systems entirely and request our subcontractors to delete it as well.
Security safeguards.
WayRay® uses technical and organizational security measures to protect the data we hold about you against accidental or deliberate manipulation, loss, deletion, or unauthorized access.
Our security measures are being improved continuously as new technology develops.
Other important privacy information.
Data storage.
WayRay® uses technical and organizational security measures to protect the data we hold about you against accidental or deliberate manipulation, loss, deletion, or unauthorized access.
Our security measures are being improved continuously as new technology develops.
Data controller.
The information about you that we collect, process, and/or use through  is controlled by WayRay AG (Bleicherweg 72, CH - 8002, Zurich, Switzerland).
Transfer of data.
If you are a data subject from the EEA, please note that for the purposes described in this policy WayRay® may transfer your personal data outside of the EEA to its affiliates.
We take additional measures when information is transferred from the EEA.
This includes having standard clauses approved by the European Commission in our contracts with parties that receive information outside the EEA.
We also rely on European Commission adequacy decisions about certain countries, as applicable, for data transfers to countries outside the EEA.
If you would like to inquire more concerning measures we take to ensure the secure transfer and processing of your information, please contact us via .
Updates to Our Privacy Policy.
Although most changes are likely to be minor, WayRay® may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and at WayRay’s sole discretion.
WayRay® encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.
Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
If we make a change that we believe materially reduces your rights or increases your responsibilities, we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective.
Your only remedy, if you do not accept the terms of this Policy, is to discontinue the use of this website and cancel the processing of your personal data by clicking on the unsubscribe button in our newsletter or sending us an email.
Contact us.
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at or by mail using the details provided below.
WayRay AG, Schaffhauserstrasse 580, CH - 8052, Zurich, Switzerland.
