Home.
Our Services.
Hotel Solutions.
Portfolio.
Clients.
Blog.
Contact.
Home.
Our Services.
Hotel Solutions.
Portfolio.
Clients.
Blog.
Contact.
Privacy Policy.
PRIVACY POLICY FOR WEBSITE WEBEE.
GR.
1) Our Privacy Policy was last updated and posted on May 24, 2018.
It governs the privacy terms of our Website, located at  sub-domains, and any associated web-based and mobile applications (collectively, “Website”), as owned and operated by Ioannis Krokos.
2) We care about your privacy.
This policy explains our commitment to safeguarding o your personal information in connection with your use or access of this website.
It describes the information collection, use, retention and disclosure practices (together referred to as “processing”) and also informs you of your rights with respect to information about you held by us.
Please read this policy carefully.
Because we rely on your consent as a precondition for access and use of this website, including acceptance of our Terms and Conditions, we will be processing your information as necessary for the performance of our obligations under our Terms and Conditions.
We strongly advise to read our Terms because they are binding in connection with your use or access of this site.
By using this website, you are deemed to have read and accepted this privacy policy.
3) Information we collect.
a) Voluntary information.
We only collect personal information if you provide it to us for a certain reason.
Before the collection of personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We do not collect information indiscriminately.
To purchase goods or services from our website, you may be required to provide certain information to process your order and payments or provide other goods, services and information requested by you.
This information may include name, address, email, company details, payment options, order details, phone number and notes.
If you contact us directly, we will be also receiving your personal information.
b) Automated information.
When a user visits or accesses our website, certain information is automatically logged by our servers.
Log information includes, but is not limited to, your internet protocol address (IP address), device type and operating system, browser type and version, cookie data as well as the referring website.
c) Financial Information.
All payments made through our website must be made through Piraeus Bank payment gateway situated in Athens, Greece.
You are advised to review the privacy policy of Piraeus Bank before making any transanctions.
This payment method allows use of credit or debit card.
Your credit or debit card information will be processed by those payment processors.
We do not receive, collect or store credit card information.
3) Use of information.
a) We use the personal information you provide to us, to supply products, services and/or information requested by you, process your orders and or deal with returns or refunds.
If you contact us directly, we will use your information to respond to you.
If you take part in contests or competitions on the site, we will use your information for the corresponding purposes.
b) We also use the personal information necessary to investigate violations of or otherwise enforce our Legal Terms and to protect us from legal action or claims from third parties including you and/or other Members.
and the personal information necessary to protect the legal rights, personal/real property, or personal safety of our company, our Users, employees, and affiliates.
c) We use automated non-personal information to review users’ website usage patterns, including for example to understand how users find us on the internet or which pages are more popular on the site.
This allows us to understand the website’s performance and, thus, improve its design and content.
This information is collected in aggregate form and does not identify you as a particular individual.
We also do not combine or associate this information with any personal information.
d) Consent.
We rely on your consent for certain collection and uses of personal information.
We may ask you to sign a consent request form and opt-in to certain uses of your personal information including for example subscribing to our newsletter or third party marketing.
By giving us your consent you declare that you are at least 16 years old otherwise that consent is must be given or authorised by the holder of parental responsibility over the child.
Where collection, use and or storage relies on your consent, please note that you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by writing to us at .
4) Cookies.
The European Union General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR, Regulation 673/2016) require website operators to inform web users if a website uses cookies and or similar technologies.
Our website contains cookies.
a) A cookie is a small, typically encrypted text file, which a website’s server places on your devices when your browser loads a particular website.
If you visit the website at a later date, the webserver retrieves the cookie from your browser.
Cookies help us to authenticate users and provide access to secure areas of the website.
Cookies save login information so that you can browse different pages on the site without having to log in repeatedly.
We use two types of cookies.
session cookies and persistent cookies.
b) Session cookies are created when your browser loads the website and disappear when you exit your browser.
These cookies help to remember user actions and preferences.
c) Persistent cookies are cookies that stay in your browser’s cookie file even after you exit your browser.
They help our website to remember your information and preferences when you visit it in the future.
These cookies help to remember your language and menu preferences, bookmarks or things you have marked as favorite on the website.
This offers us the ability to provide faster, personalized and useful experience.
We also use Google Analytics software which is party services to track website usage.
This third party service may set third party cookies and track user interactions with advertisements.
We do not control these cookies and we recommend that you read Google’s privacy policy to understand how to opt-out of google analytics behavioural tracking cookies.
Please note that we do not collect any personal information using cookies nor do we install any application on your device by the use of cookies.
d) Consent to cookies.
EU cookie law requires website operators to obtain user’s consent as to the use of cookies.
When you visit our website, we will provide with a cookie banner requiring you to consent to the use of cookies.
e) Controlling Cookies.
Please note that you have the ability to control cookies by customizing your browser’s cookie settings.
You can set your browser to block cookies or to clear cookies after you have finished browsing.
If your block or reject all cookies from our website, you may not be able to use certain areas or services on the website.
5) Sharing and Disclosure.
We do not transfer, sell or otherwise disseminate personal information to other companies and organizations including marketers and advertisers unless you expressly consent so.
Please note however that we may disclose information if we are compelled to so in compliance of a legal obligation, court order or law enforcement agency’s request in relation to investigation of illegal activity.
6) Lawful bases.
In compliance with Regulation 673/2016 of the European Union, we have to establish that we have a lawful basis for processing of certain information including personal information.
We rely on the following lawful bases in collecting, using, retaining personal information.
a) Performance of contractual obligation.
When you visit our website, you must agree to process of personal information as condition for service.
When you purchase our services and or products, you must agree to our Terms and Conditions which govern our services and use of the website.
These Terms are a binding legal contract.
If you have not given prior consent, we may collect, store and use personal information you provide at the time of purchase, so as to full our obligations under contract and supply goods and services you have requested.
b) Compliance with a Legal Obligation.
In some cases, the law may require us to retain and/or disclose certain information about you for a particular purpose including for example for purposes related to value added tax, accounting, or in response to a court order.
If we are compelled to do so, processing of information will happen without your prior consent, and in response to a court order or a law enforcement agency’s request.
c) Legitimate business interests.
We may contract other parties to supply goods, services or information to you on our behalf.
This is in our business’ legitimate interest.
No personal information will be shared to our supplier or affiliates if that sharing entails greater and unnecessary impact on your privacy.
d) Consent.
We will not share, sell or rent your information to third parties for marketing purposes without your prior express consent.
7) Access, Correction and Erasure.
You have the right to access your data and information we hold about you in connection with this Website.
If you would like a copy of your personal information, please contact us by email at and we will be happy to assist you with a copy of a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
Please note that we may a charge a small fee for handling information access requests and in certain cases, if the law so permits, we may decline access requests if they are unreasonably excessive or entail disproportionate effort to do so.
If you think information we hold about you is outdated, erroneous, inaccurate or incomplete, or is otherwise held unlawfully, you have the right, as applicable, to request for the updating, correction and or deletion of such information.
Your request for deletion may be rejected if the information is needed.
a) for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information.
(b) for compliance with a legal obligation which requires processing for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
(c) for reasons of public interest in the area of public health.
(d) for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes.
(e) for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
8) Security.
We strive to address information security and privacy concerns of our website users and visitors.
If you register an account with us, we will provide you with a password to safeguard your personal information.
Passwords are private and confidential and must not be shared to disclosed to anyone else.
It is your responsibility to keep your account secure and you accept the corresponding responsibility.
We are also aware of the online threats of unauthorized access, acquisition and/or alteration of personal information.
To address this, we have configured our site used standard Secure Socket Layer encryption technology which encrypts personal information entered on or transmitted through the site so that it is not readable by third parties.
No Web or email transmission is ever totally protected or mistake free.
For example, email sent out to or from the Website may not be protected.
You must take unique care in deciding what info you send to us by means of email.
9) Data Retention.
We only retain information which is necessary for performance of services and our contractual obligations under our Terms and Conditions.
We may also retain information as is necessary when required to do so by law.
We destroy and render useless all information which is no longer needed.
10) Marketing.
We will not use or share your information for marketing purposes without your prior express consent.
At times, we may give you the opportunity to sign –up and opt-in to receive product news, special offers and discounts from us.
We may invite you to tick an opt-in box confirming that you wish and agree to receive marketing information via your preferred communication channel.
Please note that you can withdraw your consent anytime by writing to us at or by clicking on unsubscribe link in the emails.
11) Third party behavioural advertising.
Our site uses Google Analytics software which is a third-party behavioural advertising service.
Google Analytics help us to understand website usage, measure website performance and gain insights into our audience.
Please note that this third party service may set third party cookies and track user interactions with advertisements.
We do not control how Google Analytics works or the information it collects.
To learn more about Google’s privacy practices and the choices you can make in respect of your information, please read Google’s privacy practices here.
.
12) Links to Other Websites.
Our Website may contain links to other websites that are not under our direct control.
These websites may have their own policies regarding privacy.
We have no control of or responsibility for linked websites and provide these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors.
You access such linked Websites at your own risk.
These websites are not subject to this Privacy Policy.
You should check the privacy policies, if any, of those individual websites to see how the operators of those third-party websites will utilize your personal information.
13) Privacy Policy Updates.
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time.
You should review this Privacy Policy frequently.
If we make material changes to this policy, we may notify you on our Website, by a blog post, by email, or by any method we determine.
The method we chose is at our sole discretion.
We will also change the “Last Updated” date at the beginning of this Privacy Policy.
Any changes we make to our Privacy Policy are effective as of this Last Updated date and replace any prior Privacy Policies.
14) Questions About Our Privacy Practices or This Privacy Policy.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Practices or this Policy, please contact us via the e-mail .
15) General Term.
Our legal terms shall be dealt in accordance with the law of Greece and shall be governed in agreement with the rules and regulations of the Greece and the European Union and especially the Regulation 679/2016.
You herewith agree to present all the legal cases to the courts of Athens, Greece.
In any event where any clause/s of our legal terms is found irrelevant or unenforceable, that clause/s shall be discarded and the remaining clauses shall remain in full force and effect as permitted by the applicable law.
Motivated by             the desire to Achieve.
CONTACT INFO.
Follow Us.
Useful Links.
© 2020 Webee Web Agency – All Right Reserved.
