Header Menu.
BY INDUSTRYAerospace & DefenseAutomotiveEnergyIndustrialMedicalStartupsTelecommunications.
Aerospace & Defense.
Automotive.
Energy.
Industrial.
Medical.
Startups.
Telecommunications.
BY TECHNOLOGY TOPICAutonomous VehiclesCyber-Digital BattlefieldFuture of RTOSGuide to RTOSIndustry 4.
0Robotics.
Autonomous Vehicles.
Cyber-Digital Battlefield.
Future of RTOS.
Guide to RTOS.
Industry 4.
0.
Robotics.
BY CUSTOMERCollins AerospaceFord Motor CompanyNASA JPLRockwell AutomationVerizonView More Success Stories.
Collins Aerospace.
Ford Motor Company.
NASA JPL.
Rockwell Automation.
Verizon.
View More Success Stories.
WIND RIVER STUDIODevelop & DeployOperateServicesTOUR STUDIO.
Develop & Deploy.
Operate.
Services.
TOUR STUDIO.
PRODUCTSoperateVxWorksWind River LinuxHelix Virtualization PlatformSimicsDiab CompilerdeployCloud PlatformConductorAnalyticsBoard Support PackagesTRY A PRODUCTGET PRODUCT SUPPORT.
operateVxWorksWind River LinuxHelix Virtualization PlatformSimicsDiab Compiler.
VxWorks.
Wind River Linux.
Helix Virtualization Platform.
Simics.
Diab Compiler.
deployCloud PlatformConductorAnalytics.
Cloud Platform.
Conductor.
Analytics.
Board Support Packages.
TRY A PRODUCT.
GET PRODUCT SUPPORT.
Professional Services & Support.
Wind River Studio Linux Services.
Education Services.
Acceleration Program.
GET PRODUCT SUPPORT.
Security Center.
Vulnerability Responses.
CVE Database.
Intelligent Systems Research.
Resource Library.
Web Seminars & Events.
Wind River Blog.
Wind River Labs.
GET PRODUCT SUPPORT.
About Wind River.
Newsroom.
Awards.
Partners.
Diversity & Inclusion.
Careers.
University Program.
CONTACT US.
Privacy and Security.
Wind River® Systems, Inc.
("Wind River") has created this privacy notice (the “Privacy Notice” or “Notice”) to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The Privacy Notice describes our information collection, use, disclosure, and retention practices for our website, windriver.
com (the “Wind River Website”), and Wind River’s products and services.
The Privacy Notice also explains the choices available to you with respect to your personal information.
In this Privacy Notice, “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Wind River.
“You” refers to you, an individual.
Information Collection and Use.
In order to access certain products or services on our site, you may need to provide your contact information (such as name, company name, mailing address, and email address), which may be used to send orders, deliver the desired products or services, respond to customer service requests, provide alerts such as security updates or changes in our policies, send advertising and marketing materials and share informational materials like newsletters or white papers, in accordance with your communication preferences.
Similarly, when you subscribe to a newsletter, create an account, make a purchase or request information from Wind River, we may collect contact, billing, shipping and communication information, payment card or financial account data, and account ID or credentials in order to fulfil your request.
If you attend a trade show or event or otherwise contact us, we may also collect similar information that you voluntarily provide to us.
Depending on the service or product that we are providing, we also collect additional information such as location data, IP address and specific technical information about your development environment and product usage information to enhance product functionality and better understand the needs of our customers.
When you access, purchase, use, or subscribe to Wind River’s cloud-based products and services, or obtain support for or professional services with such products, Wind River receives data related to your use of the cloud-based product and/or service that is used to improve and update the cloud-based product and/or service.
Examples of such data include user id, IP address and location, access date/time and data relating to usage of and time spent in the application.
Anonymized versions of such data may be retained after your usage of the cloud-based products and/or services ceases.
We may also obtain information about you through partners, vendors, suppliers and other third parties.
These enterprises largely fall into the following categories.
marketing companies, data set and information vendors, public database providers, social media platforms, partners, providers of products or services, hosts or vendors at events or trade shows, research partners, customers and enterprises that deploy Wind River’s products or services.
We take steps to confirm that information we receive from these third parties has been collected with your consent or that these parties are otherwise legally permitted to disclose your personal information to us.
IP addresses are automatically transmitted as part of any internet communication, and we use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our website and to gather broad demographic information.
You may opt-out of receiving future mailings or communications at any time by following the instructions set forth in the “Choice/Opt-Out” and “Access/Correct/Delete” sections below.
Sharing with Third Parties.
Personal information may be shared with or disclosed to third parties in the following ways.
To our affiliate entities and subsidiaries for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice.
To our partners when you access the documents, products or programs available on the Wind River Marketplace.
To our authorized service providers and suppliers who provide services to us such as web site hosting, data analysis, payment processing, human resources and employment related services, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, marketing, email delivery, credit card processing, auditing and other similar services.
To our third party advertising company partners to prepare and deliver advertising content, to provide content services and to enable them to provide you with more personalized ads and to study the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns.
To a third party in the event of any contemplated or actual reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
As we believe is required, necessary, or appropriate.
(a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence.
(b) to comply with legal process and/or to respond to requests from competent public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence.
(c) to enforce our terms and conditions.
(d) to protect our operations and those of any of our affiliates.
(e) to protect our rights, privacy, security, safety, and physical and intellectual property, and/or the rights of our affiliates, you, or our customers and partners.
and (f) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
To any other person or entity where you consent to the disclosure.
Wind River does not, and has not in the previous twelve (12) months, sell your personal information.
Certain features available through the Wind River Website allow you to access websites, documents, programs and products offered by companies other than Wind River.
Wind River is not responsible for the policies and practices of such third parties, including policies and practices related to privacy and security, data collection, processing, use, storage and disclosure.
Cookies.
A cookie is a small text file that is written to and read from your computer’s hard drive by your browser at the request of our Web pages.
Information stored in cookies is not accessible to web pages from other websites.
Cookies themselves cannot retrieve any information about you or your computer's configuration.
Wind River may save information regarding your visit to our website in the form of a cookie to allow the following.
A personalized browsing experience.
Better tracking of usage of our websites in order to improve the content of our websites.
Analyze your visiting patterns to improve our websites.
To save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our support website.
Deliver advertising, communications, and content from us and third parties, on our websites and those of third parties, specific to your interests.
If you register on one of our websites, or otherwise provide us with your personal information, we may associate that information with.
(1) other information we collect from or about you or that you provide, (2) information regarding your use of our websites, or (3) information we receive from or about you from third parties such as Google Analytics.
To learn more about how Google Analytics uses information from sites or apps that use its service, please see Google’s Privacy Policy, which is accessible here.
We will use this combined data for marketing and analytics purposes.
We collect only the domain name of visitors to our web pages, aggregate information on what pages visitors access, and information volunteered by visitors, such as information provided for a survey, registration, or contest form.
We do not collect email addresses of unregistered visitors to our web pages.
You may manage cookies by choosing to reject cookies either outright, or on a case-by-case basis by using the settings in your internet browser.
In some cases, rejecting cookies may affect the availability or functionality of the certain web features available to you.
Feedback.
You can submit feedback via Any feedback that is submitted through this area becomes the property of Wind River.
We may use this feedback, such as success stories, for marketing purposes, or to contact you for further feedback on the site.
Resumes.
Wind River will process the personal information of job applicants for recruitment and hiring purposes.
Recruitment purposes include communicating with you, internally evaluating your qualifications and skills, preparing for interview or screening discussions (including arranging for travel where applicable or reimbursing candidates for expenses), and may entail background checks for certain roles, which will be conducted with additional notice and in accordance with applicable laws.
Resumes submitted to Wind River for review should only include information relevant to job qualifications and employment history including prior employment, relevant positions and dates, significant accomplishments, education, degrees or certifications obtained, dates and issuing institutions and other relevant awards or achievements.
During the hiring process, we may obtain information about you from publicly available sources or from third parties including references, background check suppliers, and the like.
We take steps to confirm that information we receive from these third parties has been collected with your consent or that these parties are otherwise legally permitted to disclose your personal information to us.
You may remove your resume from our searchable database at any time by sending a request using the contact details provided under the “Contacting Wind River” section below.
Public Forums.
This site makes news groups available to its users at news.
//comp.
os.
vxworks/ and groups.
google.
com/group/comp.
os.
vxworks/.
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information, or any other information, online.
Security of your Personally Identifiable InformationTo protect your personally identifiable information from unauthorized access and use, Wind River uses security measures that comply with applicable law.
These measures include firewalls and Secure Socket Layers.
However, no technology, data transmission or system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that your password to any Wind River account has been compromised), please immediately notify us by contacting us using the information provided in the “Contacting Wind River” section below.
Legal Basis for Our Use (EEA only).
If you are in the European Economic Area, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which it is collected.
The following sections provide additional information under the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") and national data protection law.
We will collect personal information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, where we have a legal obligation to do so or where the processing is in our legitimate interests (such as processing for administrative purposes, direct marketing, product development or improvement, preventing fraud or criminal acts and in support of information security) and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, this will be clear at the time of collection.
We will also tell you whether the requirement for providing that information is mandatory and explain any consequences to you if you do not provide the information.
Similarly, if we collect and use your personal information based on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will take reasonable steps to provide clear notice and describe our legitimate interests.
Wind River Systems, Inc.
or one of its subsidiaries is a Data Controller of all personal information collected in the EEA, except where a supplemental privacy notice says otherwise.
The contact details for Wind River Systems, Inc.
are set out in the “Contacting Wind River” section below.
If you believe we are using your personal information in a way that is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice or for more information about your rights, contact your local data protection authority (contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area are available here.
).
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information for any specific processing activity, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “Contacting Wind River” section below.
International Compliance.
Wind River is a global company with its headquarters in the United States.
As such, we may transfer your personal information between the United States and our affiliates and subsidiaries in other countries.
We may also transfer your personal information to our third party service providers, who may be located in a different country to you.
We transfer information in order to operate efficiently, to improve performance, and to create redundancies in order to protect information in the event of an outage or other disruption.
We will process your personal information in a way that meets the commitments of this Privacy Notice and complies with the applicable laws of the third country where information is transferred.
Whenever Wind River transfers personal information beyond the country of origin, we will do so in accordance with applicable laws.
California.
If you are a California resident, you have additional rights over your personal information that is not already protected by existing federal privacy laws.
To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit the Wind River Privacy Notice for California Residents (“California Privacy Notice.
”).
Retention.
We retain personal information for the period necessary.
to provide requested products or services, as needed to comply with legal obligations (e.
g.
maintaining opt-out lists to fulfill advertising choices or to comply mandatory record retention or legal hold requirements), as agreed in an individual consent, to resolve disputes, and to otherwise fulfill the purposes, rights and obligations outlined in this Privacy Notice.
Retention periods can vary significantly based on the type of information and how it is used.
Our retention periods are based on criteria such as applicable laws mandating certain retention periods, pending or potential litigation, our intellectual property or ownership rights, contract requirements, operational directives or needs, and historical archiving.
When personal information is removed from our systems, it is deleted or destroyed using appropriate security protocols so that it cannot be reconstructed or accessible.
Automated Decision Making.
Automated decision making occurs when an electronic system uses personal data to make decisions without human intervention.
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which has legal effect on you or substantially impairs you in a similar manner.
We do not use automated decision-making when processing data concerning the Wind River Website or Wind River’s products or services, and you will be notified if any such automated decision-making or profiling is applied to the processing of your personal data in the future.
Choice/Opt-Out.
We may send you information or communications about Wind River’s products and services.
If you have agreed to receive such marketing communications, you may always opt-out at a later date.
The Wind River Website provides you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us when we request information about you.
You may request to remove your personal information from our database in order to not receive future communications from us or to no longer receive our services by.
Sending an email to .
Sending a written request by mail to the postal address provided in the “Contacting Wind River” section below.
Access/Correct/Update.
You have the right to access, correct or delete personal information that you previously provided to us by.
Sending an email to or to .
Sending a written request by mail to the postal address provided in the “Contacting Wind River” section below.
For your protection, we will only implement requests with respect to personal information about you (not anyone else).
In doing so, we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request.
We will comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable and in accordance with applicable law.
We may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes, as required under applicable legal obligations, and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting such change or deletion (e.
g.
, when you make a purchase or enter a promotion, you may not be able to change or delete the personal information provided until after the completion of such purchase or promotion).
Some of your information may remain within our systems and other records, in compliance with applicable law.
At your request and where required by law, we will confirm the personal information we hold about you.
You may also have a right to obtain a copy of the personal information that we hold about you.
You can request a copy of the personal information that we hold about you by sending a written request by mail to the postage address provided in the “Contacting Wind River” section below.
We may charge a processing fee for this service where permitted by law and we will require evidence of your identity before fulfilling your request.
In addition to the right to access, correct or delete the personal information we hold about you, you have the right to request that we suspend the processing of your personal information (for example, if you would like us to establish the accuracy of your personal information or the reason for processing your personal information).
You also have the right to request that we transfer your personal information to you or a third party (a “data portability request”) and the right to withdraw any consent that you have provided to us for processing your personal information.
Changes to this Privacy Notice.
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time so it accurately reflects our privacy practices, Wind River’s products and services and legal requirements.
You should check back regularly to stay informed of our privacy practices.
Any changes to this Privacy Notice will become effective when the revised Privacy Notice is posted on the Wind River Website.
Your continued use of the Wind River Website and/or Wind River’s products and services following the posting of any revised Privacy Notice, including the changes provided therein, constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
If we materially change this Privacy Notice, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you in advance, such as by sending an email or posting a prominent notice of the revised Privacy Notice on the Wind River Website.
We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Notice to stay informed about how we collect, use, disclose, and retain your personal information.
This Privacy Notice was last updated on April 2, 2021.
Notice.
We provide access to our Privacy Notice by.
Linking to it throughout our websites, including the Wind River Website.
Referencing it in our Terms of Use.
Incorporating it into our contracts, agreements, and other documents as necessary or appropriate.
Contacting Wind River.
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about this Privacy Notice, the privacy practices of Wind River, or you would like to exercise your privacy rights, you can write to us at.
Wind River Systems, Inc.
ATTN.
Privacy Office500 Wind River WayAlameda, CA .
Industry Solutions.
Aerospace & Defense.
Automotive.
Energy.
Industrial.
Medical.
Startups.
Telecommunications.
Customer Success Stories.
Technology  Solutions.
Autonomous Vehicles.
Cyber-Digital Battlefield.
Future of RTOS.
Guide to RTOS.
Industry 4.
0.
Robotics.
Wind River Studio.
Studio.
Develop & Deploy.
Operate.
Services.
Tour Studio.
Products.
VxWorks.
Wind River Linux.
Helix Virtualization Platform.
Simics.
Diab Compiler.
Board Support Packages.
Try a Product.
Security.
Security Center.
Vulnerability Responses.
CVE Database.
Services.
Professional Services & Support.
Wind River Studio Linux Services.
Education Services.
Acceleration Program.
Resources.
Intelligent Systems Research.
Resource Library.
Web Seminars & Events.
Wind River Blog.
Wind River Labs.
About.
About Wind River.
Newsroom.
Awards.
Partners.
Diversity & Inclusion.
Careers.
University Program.
© 2022 Wind River Systems, Inc.
