Register.
Log in.
Wishlist(0).
Shopping cart(0).
Wireless Gateways.
Wireless Sensors.
DriFi™ Monitoring.
Accessories.
Monitoring Service.
Distributors.
Help.
Wireless Gateways.
Wireless Sensors.
DriFi™ Monitoring.
Accessories.
Monitoring Service.
Distributors.
Help.
Privacy policy.
This policy is intended to help you understand how our Company collects, uses and safeguards the information you provide on our web site.
It does not apply to the use or disclosure of information that is collected or obtained by us through other means.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account and for all activities that occur under your account.
When you place an order for a product, we need to know your name, e-mail and mailing addresses, and your billing information so that we can fill, confirm and ship your order, and notify you of your order status.
This site may collect your IP address or domain name for site administration purposes.
We may also request personal information from you if you submit comments to us through our web site.
We don't rent, sell or otherwise distribute to others any information about our customers, except that we may provide your personal information to companies engaged to deliver your order.
We also reserve the right to disclose without notice to you any information in our possession if we believe we are required to do so by law, to protect or defend our rights or property, or to respond to an emergency.
While we endeavor to use reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your information, the Internet is not totally secure.
Due to the possibility of transmission errors, hacking or other unauthorized third party activities, we cannot guarantee that data on our site will remain secure.
If we become aware of a security breach involving this web site, OmniSense LLC will make all legally required disclosures, consistent with our ability to determine the scope of the breach, our need to restore the integrity of the system and the needs of law enforcement.
This site is not intended for use by, and OmniSense LLC does not intend to collect personal information from, children under 13 years of age.
Children under 13 years of age are directed not to use this site, whether to submit personal information or otherwise.
Our web site contains links to web sites which are not under the control of OmniSense LLC.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any linked site.
Sitemap.
About Us.
Shipping & Returns.
Terms of Use.
Contact us.
Search.
Blog.
Forums.
Recently viewed products.
Compare products list.
New products.
My account.
Orders.
Addresses.
Shopping cart.
Wishlist.
Privacy policy.
Facebook.
Twitter.
YouTube.
Google+.
