Home.
PlatformAI IoT PlatfromHardware Components Software ComponentsData Science Components.
AI IoT Platfrom.
Hardware Components.
Software Components.
Data Science Components.
SolutionsOmnichannel Industrial ProductivityExperience-driven                                                Decision Support EnginesEdge-Detect IoT SystemsCyber Security SolutionsSmart Stores.
Omnichannel.
Industrial Productivity.
Experience-driven                                                Decision Support Engines.
Edge-Detect IoT Systems.
Cyber Security Solutions.
Smart Stores.
ProductsSystem Excellence Management                                                (SEM)TMSmart SourceTMxfTrakTM.
System Excellence Management                                                (SEM)TM.
Smart SourceTM.
xfTrakTM.
ServicesOMS & E-Commerce Inventory Management DevOps, Quality & PerformanceEngineering & Product                                                Services Release Engineering Staffing Services Managed Services.
OMS & E-Commerce.
Inventory Management.
DevOps, Quality & Performance.
Engineering & Product                                                Services.
Release Engineering.
Staffing Services.
Managed Services.
VerticalsRetailOil & GasManufacturingEnergyInsuranceTransport & LogisticsHealthcareWarehouse Management.
Retail.
Oil & Gas.
Manufacturing.
Energy.
Insurance.
Transport & Logistics.
Healthcare.
Warehouse Management.
AboutCompany ProfileLeadershipPartners.
Company Profile.
Leadership.
Partners.
OpportunitiesCareerEventsJob Posting.
Career.
Events.
Job Posting.
Contact.
Home.
Solutions.
Cyber Security Solutions.
Xformics SolutionsCyber Security Solutions.
Cyber Security Solutions.
Cyber security has never been just an IT issue.
It is a major business issue that requires focus and knowledge.
Our Cyber Security By Design framework introduces a whole of company approach to managing cyber risk.
It provides a framework to map standards, cut costs and increase efficiency by identifying and managing high priority risks and activities.
Traditionally, cyber security only becomes a focus to organisations after a cyber-attack.
This re-active approach is both costly and inefficient – and unfortunately, very common.
Cyber Security By Design is a pro-active approach to cyber security, recognising that cyber-attacks are a case of when, not if.
Organisations that are prepared and have the right systems and technology in place are able to respond quickly, recover and continue business operations much sooner- with less cost.
Our customers have requested solutions that encompass physical and campus security as well where our tracking and secure access solutions (xfTrak)) utilizing RFIDs, biometrics and facial recognition is a great fit.
Contact us  to learn more.
NSIGHT.
Organizations today need to know whether their security architecture is defined according to widely accepted best practices in order to identify policy and configuration weaknesses.
Whilst this may seem obvious, research shows that 95% of security breaches have a misconfiguration component, and that 50% of threats could have been avoided if basic security controls were implemented.
Yet the reality is, it is often not known what should be checked, and that even if this is known, the process of checking is a time consuming, complex and costly endeavor.
The security change management process is further complicated by the fact that configuration and policy settings are in a constant state of flux with hundreds, if not thousands, of changes being applied each year.
SOLUTION.
The Check Point Compliance Software Blade leverages decades of security expertise and an extensive knowledge of Check Point products and security settings.
The Compliance Blade continuously scans the policy and configuration settings defined within the Check Point software blades, security gateways and security management, highlighting all of the configuration weaknesses and errors, and making them available for remediation.
Embedded within the Compliance Blade is a library of security best practices that allow organizations to monitor and compare the Check Point environment against vendor and security recommendations.
Companies can also create their own personalized firewall policy best practices as part of the ongoing monitoring and analysis.
BENEFITS .
Continually ensures that management, software blades, and security gateways are configured properly.
Highlights poor configuration settings and security weaknesses.
Provides actionable recommendations for security improvements.
Simulates the security impact of configuration changes before installation.
Instant notification on security policy changes negatively impacting security.
Educates users on the broader impact of the desired change.
Why IT Security Audit Required .
Dept.
those are Mandating Security Audits.
Department of Telecommunication.
Banking and Finance.
Healthcare.
Other Government Departments.
Military Department.
What are the Benefits .
Data & Information Security.
Uncover Inaccuracies.
Prevention of Virus/Hacking/Attacking/Phishing.
Protection against Data Leak.
Optimize Deployment.
Reduce Maintenance Cost.
Increase Staff Productivity.
Secure from Internal/External Threats.
Achieve Organization’s Business Goal.
Achieve Compliance Requirement.
Improved Business Performance.
Peace of Mind.
Solutions Offered.
Network SecurityNetwork security consists of the policies and practices adopted to prevent and monitor unauthorized access, misuse, modification, or denial of a computer network and network-accessible resources.
We offer preventive measures to protect networks from potential security threats.
Secure Software Development Lifecycle (SSDL) Secure software development lifecycle (SSDL) refers to a security assurance process that employs a practical approach during software development to reduce the risk of vulnerabilities.
SSDL ensures that security and privacy are considered at every phase of the development process.
By identifying security problems before any code is written, organizations can save time and money by avoiding the need to rewrite or patch applications due to development-related errors.
Secure Configuration ReviewsWe conduct internal reviews of key infrastructure security components, with full access to the system’s configuration including Firewall, IDS/IPS, Enterprise AV suite, Data leakage prevention and endpoint security solutions.
The purpose of the review is to verify the operating condition and the effectiveness of security configuration and rule sets.
The review will be conducted with Industry best practices and regulatory requirements.
Security Policy ConsultingOur expert team will review your policies and perform risk evaluations which are set to your current security system.
In addition, policies that are currently in use will be compared to industry standards.
Finally, recommendations are made so that you can improve security in the areas where it is needed the most.
We will also provide information to boost your security even further with new policies and procedures.
Scalability TestingA Special service offerings on technology durability and scalability in terms of cyber security.
Which assures ROI for an Organizations.
Mobile App SecurityWe offer comprehensive mobile app security assessments using a combination of manual and dynamic analyses that are unified through software to help your team better deliver secure mobile apps faster and more efficiently.
SCADA System/Command and Control Security AssessmentsXformics provide guidance for securing industrial control systems (ICS), including supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) systems, distributed control systems (DCS), and other systems performing control functions.
We also provides a notional overview of ICS, reviews typical system topologies and architectures, identifies known threats and vulnerabilities to these systems, and provides recommended security countermeasures to mitigate the associated risks.
Security Incident Investigation and Event Management (SIEM) and Cyber-ForensicsOur systems allow companies to collect and analyze log data in a central location from all devices/appliances and hosts and get notified about abnormal events immediately and also correlate events in internal systems, calculate risks, and generate reports showing patterns in chaotic log data.
These systems can also store and archive log data as well as parse it into events and have a query mechanism for better log construction.
All these features are crucial for investigating suspicious activity and finding data breaches.
Cyber Crime Investigations (Private)Our Cyber Crime Investigation services aims to ensure that the evidence collected in the process of a forensic investigation from any electronic communication media should be able to withstand legal scrutiny providing our clients with a seamless and holistic solution in the most complex cybercrime scenario.
Our highly certified staff professionals has the ability to take immediate action, as per the varied needs of clients.
Third Party Vendor AuditsWe support organisations to establish and implement processes to reduce your Third Party Vendor risk by reviewing and improving supplier risk management processes and frameworks, Operational information security controls.
Assessing a supplier's baseline security posture and response in depth controls.
Secure Cloud assessmentOur Cloud Security Assessment boosts the security of your public clouds by identifying threats caused by misconfigurations, unwarranted access, and non-standard deployments.
It automates security monitoring against industry standards, regulatory mandates and best practices to prevent issues like leaky storage buckets, unrestricted security groups.
Network Surveys & Security ReviewsWe survey all wired and wireless network systems and devices to determine if any unknown wired or wireless access points, systems or devices are active and/or physically connected to network.
If any unauthorized access point, system or device is identified, it is then investigated and reported.
Once the survey is complete, we provide the network asset list documenting the physical location of each access point and fixed system or device, as well as technical details of each device identified during the survey.
Mobile devices that connect to the network are also inventoried and the security settings of each may be hardened during the assessment phase, which includes a comprehensive security analysis of the entire network.
Network Architecture ReviewsWe help organizations by conducting a systematic examination of the all the layers of an organization’s network.
We examine the existing network topology and deployment of the security controls within the organization and make recommendations to increase the effectiveness of the security controls.
Wireless Infrastructure Surveys & Security AuditsWireless network surveys and security audits are designed to map and test wireless infrastructure with the goal of identifying deficiencies in design, configuration and implementation that can lead to compromise.
Network Traffic Analysis & Integrity TestingService offerings of complete network packet analysis on good, bad and malicious network traffic to identify BOT, Malware, Virus, etc.
Malicious Insider Threat Cybersecurity AssessmentOur program helps clients to identify deficiencies in security approach including those associated with permissions and level of access, suspicious behavior, malware and snooping tools, exfiltration, physical security and the like.
Information Security Road-Map and DesignIt is essential to establish clear security priorities that support the long-term goals of the business.
The Security Roadmap will elevate your security posture, design business-relevant cybersecurity controls, identify the path to vulnerability remediation, and obtain compliances while accommodating future business growth.
Governance Regulatory Compliance (GRC)Our GRC consulting services enable companies to Optimize GRC systems, processes and functionality within their organizations, Devise and implement strategies and tactics that leverage risk in order to enhance performance and earnings predictability, and manage financial risk and Boost organizational resilience.
Compliance AuditsOur solution allows security practitioners to enforce governance across diverse and disjointed security systems, mainly in physical access control systems (PACS), creating a transparent, and traceable and repeatable real-time global compliance process.
Our solution automates the process of enforcing and monitoring security controls and also automates schedule-based rollout and completion of necessary audits.
Breach Assessment We help organizations prepare for Data Breach and provide support in case of major data breach.
Our expert Breach response team helps you in taking necessary action related to customer and legal communications and root cause analysis, containment and eradication of the threat vector associated with the breach.
GDPR Consulting (Certifications and Training)The EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) gives consumers more say over what companies can do with their data.
GDPR will bring about tougher fines for non-compliance and breaches, and will help standardize data protection rules throughout the European Union.
Since the process of evaluating and treating risk is mandated by GDPR, organizations should first begin with a Data Protection Impact Assessment.
A Data Protection Impact Assessment is a process that helps organizations identify and minimize privacy risks, helping them know areas for improvement in order to comply with GDPR.
For our comprehensive cyber security services.
Quick Links.
Home.
About us.
Request Call Back.
Career.
Contact Us.
Services.
OMS & E-Commerce.
Inventory Management.
DevOps, Quality & Performance.
Engineering & Product Services.
Release Engineering.
Staffing Services.
Newsletter.
