Product Search.
Products				                							                Product Overview						                							                        Chip Resistors						                        									                            Automotive								                            									                            Current Sensing								                            									                            Anti-Sulfurated								                            									                            Thin Film								                            									                            Thick Film Precision								                            									                            Thick Film General Purpose								                            									                            Array/Network								                            									                            High Voltage								                            									                            Surge								                            									                            Lead-free								                            									                            Ni/Au Termination								                            									                            RF Attenuator								                            									                            Trimmable								                            							                        MLCC						                        									                            General Purpose								                            									                            Automotive								                            									                            High Frequency								                            									                            Soft Termination								                            									                            Miniaturization								                            									                            Array								                            									                            Low Inductance								                            							                        Through Hole Resistors						                        									                            Carbon Film								                            									                            Metal Film								                            									                            MELF								                            									                            Metal Glazed Film								                            									                            Metal Oxide Film								                            									                            Zero Ohmic								                            									                            Jumper Wire								                            									                            Low Ohmic								                            									                            Wirewound								                            									                            Safety								                            									                            Cement								                            									                            Aluminum Housed								                            									                            Others								                            							                        Wireless Components						                        									                            Antenna								                            									                            LTCC Filter								                            									                            X2Y								                            							                        Circuit Protection Components						                        									                            TVS (General)								                            									                            TVS (Automotive)								                            									                            MOV								                            									                            ESD								                            									                            GDT								                            									                            PPTC								                            									                            SPG								                            									                            TSS								                            									                            NTC								                            							                        Electrolytic Capacitors						                        									                            Radial								                            									                            Screw Terminal								                            									                            Surface Mount								                            									                            Snap-in								                            							                        Inductors & Coils						                        									                            Chip Beads								                            									                            Multilayer								                            									                            Wire Wound								                            									                            Power Inductor								                            									                            RF-Signal Inductor								                            									                            EMI-Common Mode Choke								                            									                            EMI-Bead.
Product Overview.
Chip Resistors						                        									                            Automotive								                            									                            Current Sensing								                            									                            Anti-Sulfurated								                            									                            Thin Film								                            									                            Thick Film Precision								                            									                            Thick Film General Purpose								                            									                            Array/Network								                            									                            High Voltage								                            									                            Surge								                            									                            Lead-free								                            									                            Ni/Au Termination								                            									                            RF Attenuator								                            									                            Trimmable.
Automotive.
Current Sensing.
Anti-Sulfurated.
Thin Film.
Thick Film Precision.
Thick Film General Purpose.
Array/Network.
High Voltage.
Surge.
Lead-free.
Ni/Au Termination.
RF Attenuator.
Trimmable.
MLCC						                        									                            General Purpose								                            									                            Automotive								                            									                            High Frequency								                            									                            Soft Termination								                            									                            Miniaturization								                            									                            Array								                            									                            Low Inductance.
General Purpose.
Automotive.
High Frequency.
Soft Termination.
Miniaturization.
Array.
Low Inductance.
Through Hole Resistors						                        									                            Carbon Film								                            									                            Metal Film								                            									                            MELF								                            									                            Metal Glazed Film								                            									                            Metal Oxide Film								                            									                            Zero Ohmic								                            									                            Jumper Wire								                            									                            Low Ohmic								                            									                            Wirewound								                            									                            Safety								                            									                            Cement								                            									                            Aluminum Housed								                            									                            Others.
Carbon Film.
Metal Film.
MELF.
Metal Glazed Film.
Metal Oxide Film.
Zero Ohmic.
Jumper Wire.
Low Ohmic.
Wirewound.
Safety.
Cement.
Aluminum Housed.
Others.
Wireless Components						                        									                            Antenna								                            									                            LTCC Filter								                            									                            X2Y.
Antenna.
LTCC Filter.
X2Y.
Circuit Protection Components						                        									                            TVS (General)								                            									                            TVS (Automotive)								                            									                            MOV								                            									                            ESD								                            									                            GDT								                            									                            PPTC								                            									                            SPG								                            									                            TSS								                            									                            NTC.
TVS (General).
TVS (Automotive).
MOV.
ESD.
GDT.
PPTC.
SPG.
TSS.
NTC.
Electrolytic Capacitors						                        									                            Radial								                            									                            Screw Terminal								                            									                            Surface Mount								                            									                            Snap-in.
Radial.
Screw Terminal.
Surface Mount.
Snap-in.
Inductors & Coils						                        									                            Chip Beads								                            									                            Multilayer								                            									                            Wire Wound								                            									                            Power Inductor								                            									                            RF-Signal Inductor								                            									                            EMI-Common Mode Choke								                            									                            EMI-Bead.
Chip Beads.
Multilayer.
Wire Wound.
Power Inductor.
RF-Signal Inductor.
EMI-Common Mode Choke.
EMI-Bead.
Application				                    							                        Automotive						                        							                        Industrial						                        							                        Power & Energy						                        							                        Telecommunications						                        							                        Computers & Peripherals						                        							                        Consumer Electronics.
Automotive.
Industrial.
Power & Energy.
Telecommunications.
Computers & Peripherals.
Consumer Electronics.
Careers				                Why YAGEOJoin YAGEO.
Why YAGEO.
Join YAGEO.
About YAGEO				                Corporate OverviewCorporate GovernanceCorporate Social ResponsiblityEnvironmental, Health, and SafetyCertificates.
Corporate Overview.
Corporate Governance.
Corporate Social Responsiblity.
Environmental, Health, and Safety.
Certificates.
Investor Relations & News				                FinancialShareholder's ServicePress RoomCorporate Governance.
Financial.
Shareholder's Service.
Press Room.
Corporate Governance.
Contact Us				                YAGEO OfficeDistributorsSales RepFeedback.
YAGEO Office.
Distributors.
Sales Rep.
Feedback.
Customer				                Online Shop (B2B)Partner Zone.
Online Shop (B2B).
Partner Zone.
Download				                CertificatesQuality ReportsLiteratureTechnical Documents.
Certificates.
Quality Reports.
Literature.
Technical Documents.
Services				                Global LogisticsElectronic Data Interchange.
Global Logistics.
Electronic Data Interchange.
ENGLISH.
繁體中文.
簡體中文.
日本語.
KEMET				        					        Pulse				        					        Egston				        					        BrightKing				        					        ViTROHM				        					        Ko-E				        					        Chilisin.
ENGLISH.
繁體中文.
簡體中文.
日本語.
Privacy Policy.
Home.
Overview.
The Website Privacy Policy(Policy) discloses the data that is collected by Yageo Corporation(hereinafter "us" or "we") through our website and how such data is used.
We follow all applicable laws on data privacy protection and data security.
The ultimate goal for gathering these data is to improve service and support to customers.
Unless otherwise indicated in the following sections, the legal basis for the handling of your personal data results from the fact that such handling is required to make available the functionalities of the website requested by you.
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy, please contact us at .
Data Collected.
You do not have to provide any personal data to use this website.
But there are certain services on this website which you may wish to subscribe for (such as news subscriptions) that may require you to provide personally identifiable data, such as your name, mailing address, email address and other contact information.
If you decide at any time to discontinue receiving mailings from us, please see the paragraph below headed "Your Right".
Our web server automatically records certain data incidental to your use of our website, such as the name of your IP address of the computer you are using, the type of browser software and operating system that you use, and other similar information.
Data regarding your and other visitors' traffic patterns may be aggregated to compile a web transaction report to show various web traffic-related information.
Use of Data Collected.
The personal data collected is used to respond to your inquiries and to send you newsletters that you request, and to help us to maintain and/or upgrade the quality of our website and the services that we provide on the website.
We will not disclose, sell or provide such data to unaffiliated third parties.
however, we may provide such data to our subsidiaries located in countries inside or outside the European Economic Area (EEA) for internal administrative purposes.
We will ensure that they protect your personal data in accordance with EEA-approved standard data transfer agreements or other appropriate safeguards.
We reserve the right to provide such data to our officers, employees, contractors, agents, and designees to the extent necessary to enable them to execute certain web services (such as web hosting or maintenance services) for us.
We also reserve the right to disclose such data to any third party if we believe that we are required to do so for any or all of the following.
(i) by law.
(ii) to comply with legal processes or governmental requests.
(iii) to prevent, investigate, detect or prosecute criminal offences or attacks on the technical integrity of the web site or our network.
and/or (iv) to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, the users of the website, or the public.
Moreover, to protect our legitimate interests, we will store such data for a limited period of time in order to be able to initiate a tracking of personal data in the event of actual or attempted unauthorized access to our servers.
Use of Cookies.
When you view our website, we may store some data on your computer in the form of a "cookie" to automatically recognize your PC next time you visit in order to improve your user experience and to provide content tailored specifically to your interests, such as store your password to save you having to re-enter it each time.
If you do not wish to receive cookies, please configure your Internet browser to erase all cookies from your computer's hard drive, block all cookies or to receive a warning before a cookie is stored.
By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies.
Your Right.
Subject to applicable laws and regulations, if you wish to discontinue receiving materials from us or wish to modify, remove, request for access, restrict process your personal data from our database, you can contact us at You have the right to lodge a complaint to the Information Commissioners' Office if you believe that we have not complied with the requirements of the GDPR or DPA 18 with regard to your personal data.
Consent to Our Policy.
Your use of our website constitutes your acceptance of the terms of this Policy as amended or revised by us.
We may from time to time change this Policy or change, modify or withdraw access to this site at any time with or without notice.
We recommend that you re-visit this Policy from time to time to learn of any such changes to this Policy.
About YAGEO				                Corporate OverviewCorporate GovernanceCorporate Social ResponsiblityEnvironmental, Health, and SafetyCertificates.
About YAGEO.
Corporate Overview.
Corporate Governance.
Corporate Social Responsiblity.
Environmental, Health, and Safety.
Certificates.
Investor Relations & News				                FinancialShareholder's ServicePress RoomCorporate Governance.
Investor Relations & News.
Financial.
Shareholder's Service.
Press Room.
Corporate Governance.
Contact Us				                YAGEO OfficeDistributorsSales RepFeedback.
Contact Us.
YAGEO Office.
Distributors.
Sales Rep.
Feedback.
Customer				                Online Shop (B2B)Partner Zone.
Customer.
Online Shop (B2B).
Partner Zone.
Download				                CertificatesQuality ReportsLiteratureTechnical Documents.
Download.
Certificates.
Quality Reports.
Literature.
Technical Documents.
Services				                Global LogisticsElectronic Data Interchange.
Services.
Global Logistics.
Electronic Data Interchange.
© 2022 YAGEO Group All Rights Reserved.
Follow Us .
Term of Use.
Privacy Policy.
Employees.
Site Map.
© 2022 YAGEO Group All Rights Reserved.
We use cookies to offer a better browsing experience.
If you continue to browse this website, you are agreeing with our terms and privacy policy.
