Anwendungsfälle.
Sensoren.
Gateways.
Hersteller.
% Angebote.
Projektanfrage.
Raumklima.
Lernklima.
Medikamente.
Kühlräume und Frische.
Leckageerkennung.
Raummonitoring.
Rauchwarnmelder.
Gastronomie.
Gesundes Büro.
IoT PLUG&PLAY Sensoren.
Aktoren.
Adapter.
Asset Tracker.
Buttons.
Multi-Sensoren.
Bewegungssensoren.
Temperatursensoren.
Füllstandssensoren.
Parksensoren.
Luftqualitätssensoren.
Sicherheits- & Überwachungssensoren.
Wasserqualitätssensoren.
Sensor-Zubehör.
Indoor-Gateways.
Outdoor-Gateways.
Gateway-Zubehör.
Adeunis.
Alpha-Omega Technology.
Bosch.
Citel.
CleverCity.
Decentlab.
DEOS AG.
Digital Matter.
ELSYS.
Elvaco.
Kerlink.
LANCIER.
Lobaro.
Enginko Srl (ex MCF88).
Netvox.
nke WATTECO.
Parametric.
Pepperl+Fuchs.
Sensative.
Sensoneo.
Sentinum.
Skiply.
Tekelek.
TEKTELIC.
UIT.
ZENNER.
Data Protection Policy.
Anwendungsfälle.
B.
One Gallery.
Sensoren.
Gateways.
Hersteller.
% Angebote.
ZENNER Health.
Projektanfrage.
Infos zu IoT-Geräteschlüsseln.
Zahlung und Versand.
AGB.
Impressum.
Kontakt.
Infos zu IoT-Geräteschlüsseln.
Zahlung und Versand.
AGB.
Impressum.
Kontakt.
Data Protection Policy.
Unless stated otherwise below, the provision of your personal data is neither legally nor contractually obligatory, nor required for conclusion of a contract.
You are not obliged to provide your data.
Not providing it will have no consequences.
This only applies as long as the processing procedures below do not state otherwise.
“Personal data” is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Server log files.
You can use our websites without submitting personal data.
Every time our website is accessed, user data is transferred to us or our web hosts/IT service providers by your internet browser and stored in server log files.
This stored data includes for example the name of the site called up, date and time of the request, the IP address, amount of data transferred and the provider making the request.
The processing is carried out on the basis of Article 6(1) f) GDPR due to our legitimate interests in ensuring the smooth operation of our website as well as improving our services.
Contact  Responsible person/Data protection officer Contact us at any time.
The contact details of the person responsible for data processing can be found in our legal notice.
You can contact our data protection officers directly at.
.
Proactive contact of the customer by e-mailIf you make contact with us proactively via email, we shall collect your personal data (name, email address, message text) only to the extent provided by you.
The purpose of the data processing is to handle and respond to your contact request.
If the initial contact serves to implement pre-contractual measures (e.
g.
consultation in the case of purchase interest, order creation) or concerns an agreement already concluded between you and us, this data processing takes place on the basis of Article 6(1)(b) GDPR.
If the initial contact occurs for other reasons, this data processing takes place on the basis of Article 6(1)(f) GDPR for the purposes of our overriding, legitimate interest in handling and responding to your request.
In this case, on grounds relating to your particular situation, you have the right to object at any time to this processing of personal data concerning you and carried out on the basis of Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
We will only use your email address to process your request.
Your data will subsequently be deleted in compliance with statutory retention periods, unless you have agreed to further processing and use.
Collection and processing when using the contact formWhen you use the contact form we will only collect your personal data (name, email address, message text) in the scope provided by you.
The data processing is for the purpose of making contact.
If the initial contact serves to implement pre-contractual measures (e.
g.
consultation in the case of purchase interest, order creation) or concerns an agreement already concluded between you and us, this data processing takes place on the basis of Article 6(1)(b) GDPR.
If the initial contact occurs for other reasons, this data processing takes place on the basis of Article 6(1)(f) GDPR for the purposes of our overriding, legitimate interest in handling and responding to your request.
In this case, on grounds relating to your particular situation, you have the right to object at any time to this processing of personal data concerning you and carried out on the basis of Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
We will only use your email address to process your request.
Finally your data will be deleted, unless you have agreed to further processing and use.
Customer account      Orders.
When you open a customer account, we will collect your personal data in the scope given there.
The data processing is for the purpose of improving your shopping experience and simplifying order processing.
The processing will be carried out on the basis of art.
6 (1) lit.
a GDPR with your consent.
You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us without affecting the legality of the processing carried out with your consent up to the withdrawal.
Your customer account will then be deleted.
When you submit an order we only collect and use your personal data insofar as this is necessary for the fulfilment and handling of your order as well as processing of your queries.
The provision of data is necessary for conclusion of a contract.
Failure to provide it will prevent the conclusion of any contract.
The processing will occur on the basis of Article 6(1) b) GDPR and is required for the fulfilment of a contract with you.
Your data is transferred here for example to the shipping companies and dropshipping providers, payment service providers, service providers for handling the order and IT service providers that you have selected.
We will comply strictly with legal requirements in every case.
The scope of data transmission is restricted to a minimum.
Advertising.
We use your email address outside of contractual processing exclusively to send you a newsletter for our own marketing purposes, if you have explicitly agreed to this.
The processing will be carried out on the basis of art.
6 (1) lit.
a GDPR with your consent.
You can withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out with your consent up to the withdrawal.
You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time using the relevant link in the newsletter or by contacting us.
Your email address will then be removed from the distributor.
Your data will be forwarded to a service provider for email marketing in the course of order processing.
It will not be forwarded to other third parties.
We use your email address, which we obtained in the course of selling a good or service, for the electronic transmission of marketing for our own goods or services which are similar to those you have already purchased from us, unless you have objected to this use.
You must provide your email address in order to conclude a contract.
Failure to provide it will prevent the conclusion of any contract.
The processing will be carried out on the basis of art.
6 (1) lit.
f GDPR due to our justified interest in direct marketing.
You can object to this use of your email address at any time by contacting us.
You will find the contact details for exercising your right to object in our imprint.
You can also use the link provided in the marketing email.
This will not involve any costs other than transmission costs at basic tariffs.
Merchandise management.
Pickware GmbH, Goebelstr.
21, 64293 Darmstadt.
Payment service providers        Use of PayPal All PayPal transaction are covered by the PayPal Data Privacy Statement.
You can found this at .
Cookies.
Our website uses cookies.
Cookies are small text files which are saved in a user’s internet browser or by the user’s internet browser on their computer system.
When a user calls up a website, a cookie may be saved on the user’s operating system.
This cookie contains a characteristic character string which allows the browser to be clearly identified when the website is called up again.
Cookies will be stored on your computer.
You therefore have full control over the use of cookies.
By choosing corresponding technical settings in your internet browser, you can be notified before the setting of cookies and you can decide whether to accept this setting in each individual case as well as prevent the storage of cookies and transmission of the data they contain.
Cookies which have already been saved may be deleted at any time.
We would, however, like to point out that this may prevent you from making full use of all the functions of this website.
Using the links below, you can find out how to manage cookies (or deactivate them, among other things) in major browsers.
Chrome Browser.
Internet Explorer.
Mozilla Firefox.
Safari.
technically necessary cookies.
Insofar as no other information is given in the data protection declaration below we use only these technically necessary cookies cookies to make our offering more user-friendly, effective and secure.
Cookies also allow our systems to recognise your browser after a page change and to offer you services.
Some functions of our website cannot be offered without the use of cookies.
These services require the browser to be recognised again after a page change.
The use of cookies or comparable technologies is carried out on the basis of Art.
25 para.
2 TTDSG.
Processing is carried out on the basis of art.
6 (1) lit.
f GDPR due to our largely justified interest in ensuring the optimal functionality of the website as well as a user-friendly and effective design of our range of services.
You have the right to veto this processing of your personal data according to art.
6 (1) lit.
f GDPR, for reasons relating to your personal situation.
Use of the Shopware Cookie Consent Manager.
We use the Cookie Consent Manager of shopware AG (Ebbinghoff 10, D-48624 Schöppingen, Germany.
"Shopware") on our website.
The tool enables you to give your consent to data processing via the website, in particular to set cookies, as well as to make use of your right of revocation for consents already given.
The data processing serves the purpose of obtaining and documenting necessary consents to data processing and thus to comply with legal obligations.
Cookies may be deployed for this purpose.
User information, including your IP address, is collected and transmitted to Shopware.
This data will not be passed on to any other third parties.
The data processing is carried out on the basis of Article 6(1)(c) GDPR to comply with a legal obligation.
For more information about Shopware’s privacy policy, please visit.
.
Analysis       Advertising.
Our website uses the web analysis service Google Analytics from Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
“Google”).
The processing of data serves to analyse this website and its visitors and for marketing and advertising purposes.
Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services to the website operator relating to website and internet use.
In this process the following information, inter alia, can be collected.
IP address, date and time of the website access, click path, information on the browser and the device you are using, the pages visited, referrer URL (website via which you accessed our website), location data, purchasing activities.
The IP address transmitted from your browser within the scope of Google Analytics is not associated with any other data held by Google.
Google Analytics uses technology such as cookies, web storage in the browser and tracking pixels which enable an analysis of your use of the website.
The information generated by these regarding your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
Google relies on standard contractual clauses as suitable guarantees for the protection of personal data, available at.
and  Google and the US government authorities have access to your data.
Google may combine your data with other data, such as your search history, personalaccounts, usage data from other devices and any other information Google has about you.
IP anonymisation is activated on this website.
Google uses this to shorten your IP address beforehand within Member States of the European Union or in other signatories to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there.
The use of cookies or comparable technologies is carried out with your consent on the basis of Art.
25 para.
1 p.
1 TTDSG in conjunction with Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a GDPR.
The processing of your personal data is carried out with your consent on the basis of Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a GDPR.
You can withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out with your consent up to the withdrawal.
You can find more detailed information on the terms and conditions of use and data protection at and/or at  and at.
Plug-ins.
Use of the Google Tag ManagerOur website uses the Google Tag Manager from Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
"Google").
This application manages JavaScript tags and HTML tags which are used in particular to implement tracking and analysis tools.
The data processing serves to facilitate the needs-based design and optimisation of our website.
The Google Tag Manager itself neither stores cookies nor processes personal data.
It does, however, enable the triggering of further tags which may collect and process personal data.
You can find more detailed information on the terms and conditions of use and data protection at.
Our website uses the reCAPTCHA service by Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
"Google").
The request serves to distinguish whether the input was made by a human or automatic machine processing.
For this purpose your input will be transmitted to Google and used by them further.
In addition, the IP address and any other data required by Google for the reCAPTCHA service will be transferred to Google.
This data will be processed by Google within the EU and potentially also in the USA.
For the USA, no adequacy decision from the EU Commission is available.
The data transfer will be based, inter alia, on standard contractual clauses as appropriate guarantees for the protection of personal data, available at .
Processing is carried out on the basis of Article 6(1)f) GDPR due to our legitimate interest in protecting our website from automated spying, misuse and SPAM.
On grounds relating to your particular situation, you have the right to object at any time to this processing of personal data concerning you and carried out in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
You can find more detailed information on Google reCAPTCHA and the associated data protection declaration at.
and .
Use of Google Fonts.
We use Google Fonts from Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
"Google") on our website.
The data processing serves to facilitate the consistent display of fonts on our website.
In order to load the fonts, a connection to Google servers is established when the page is accessed.
Among other things, your IP address and information about the browser you are using will be processed and transmitted to Google.
This data is not linked to your Google account.
Your data may be transmitted to the USA.
For the USA, no adequacy decision from the EU Commission is available.
The data transfer will be based, inter alia, on standard contractual clauses as appropriate guarantees for the protection of personal data, available at.
processing of your personal data is based on Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f GDPR due to our overriding legitimate interest in a user-friendly and aesthetic design of our website.
You have the right, for reasons relating to your personal situation, to object at any time to this processing of your personal data according to Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f GDPR by contacting us.
You can find more detailed information on the data processing and data protection at  and at .
Rights of persons affected and storage duration.
After contractual processing has been completed, the data is initially stored for the duration of the warranty period, then in accordance with the retention periods prescribed by law, especially tax and commercial law, and then deleted after the period has elapsed, unless you have agreed to further processing and use.
You have the right to complain to the regulatory authority according to art.
77 GDPR if you believe that your data is not being processed legally.
If the data processing outlined here is based on our legitimate interests in accordance with Article 6(1)f) GDPR, you have the right for reasons arising from your particular situation to object at any time to the processing of your data with future effect.
If the objection is successful, we will no longer process the personal data, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that outweigh your interests or rights and freedoms, or the processing is intended for the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims.
If personal data is being processed for the purposes of direct advertising, you can object to this at any time by notifying us.
If the objection is successful, we will no longer process the personal data for the purposes of direct advertising.
Here you can call up our data protection declaration and save it in a reproducible form.
last update.
10.
01.
2022.
Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren kostenlosen Newsletter und verpassen Sie keine Neuigkeiten oder Aktionen mehr von ZENNER und dem ZENNER IoT Sensors & Solutions Shop.
Sie können den Newsletter jederzeit kostenlos wieder abbestellen.
Weitere Informationen finden Sie in unserer  Datenschutzerklärung.
Haben Sie Fragen zu Ihrer Bestellung.
+49 711 9491 2200Mo-Do.
09.
00 - 16.
30 UhrFr.
9.
00 - 14.
30 Uhr.
Frage zur Bestellung.
Projektanfrage.
Partneranfrage.
Angebotsanfrage.
Produktreklamation.
Retourenanfrage.
Kontakt.
Hinweise zur Batterieentsorgung.
NEU.
ZENNER IoT PLUG&PLAY.
NEU.
B.
One IoT Community.
NEU.
B.
One Gallery.
Infos zu IoT-Geräteschlüsseln.
Zahlung und Versand.
Datenschutzerklärung.
AGB.
Impressum.
Über ZENNER.
ZENNER IoT Campus Webinare.
Infos zu IoT-Geräteschlüsseln.
Zahlung und Versand.
AGB.
Impressum.
Kontakt.
* Alle Preise verstehen sich zzgl.
Mehrwertsteuer und Versandkosten, wenn nicht anders beschrieben.
Es wird der Mehrwertsteuersatz berücksichtigt, der zu dem Zeitpunkt gültig ist, an dem die Leistung erbracht wird.
