what we do                                                            what we do                            What we Do   what we do                                            custom Application development                                        Design, build and deploy high impact applications with next-gen experiences                                           Application re-engineering                                        Harness the power of a custom-built digital ecosystem to exceed your customers' expectations                                            application Maintenance & support                                        Streamline business processes and garner greater customer satisfaction by maintaining and enhancing existing applications                                            Artificial Intelligence                                         Make every datum count with our AI solutions build your competitive advantage by gleaning insights from structured or unstructured data                                            E-commerce                                        Custom B2B e-commerce applications for your business                                            Data Analytics                                        Maximize your organization's potential by gleaning data-driven insights                                            Cloud Services                                        Unlock new avenues and add elasticity to your business with the right cloud-based solutions.
custom Application development                                        Design, build and deploy high impact applications with next-gen experiences.
Application re-engineering                                        Harness the power of a custom-built digital ecosystem to exceed your customers' expectations.
application Maintenance & support                                        Streamline business processes and garner greater customer satisfaction by maintaining and enhancing existing applications.
Artificial Intelligence                                         Make every datum count with our AI solutions build your competitive advantage by gleaning insights from structured or unstructured data.
E-commerce                                        Custom B2B e-commerce applications for your business.
Data Analytics                                        Maximize your organization's potential by gleaning data-driven insights.
Cloud Services                                        Unlock new avenues and add elasticity to your business with the right cloud-based solutions.
our capabilities                              Our Capabilities  our capabilities                                           IoT                                        Realize the power of a connected ecosystem                                           Blockchain                                        Develop, integrate and roll out customized blockchain projects to automate and protect sensitive business transactions                                           Natural Language Processing                                        Discover how we've helped our client's achieve business transformation since 2004                                        Computer Vision                                        Our custom-built solutions can be tweaked according to your organization's business-specific needs.
Predictive Analysis                                        Solutions to maximize revenue and optimize operational efficiency by anticipating customer behaviour and outcomes.
IoT                                        Realize the power of a connected ecosystem.
Blockchain                                        Develop, integrate and roll out customized blockchain projects to automate and protect sensitive business transactions.
Natural Language Processing                                        Discover how we've helped our client's achieve business transformation since 2004.
Computer Vision                                        Our custom-built solutions can be tweaked according to your organization's business-specific needs.
Predictive Analysis                                        Solutions to maximize revenue and optimize operational efficiency by anticipating customer behaviour and outcomes.
success stories.
resources                             Resources         resources                                         Blogs                                        Find out about some of the fascinating technical details that will help you keep up with the latest information technology trends.
case study                                        Identify the challenges zerone helped overcome                                          Whitepapers                                        Details on some of the more complicated solutions on which we worked.
Blogs                                        Find out about some of the fascinating technical details that will help you keep up with the latest information technology trends.
case study                                        Identify the challenges zerone helped overcome.
Whitepapers                                        Details on some of the more complicated solutions on which we worked.
about us.
careers.
privacy policy.
Your privacy is important to Zerone Consulting.
Zerone Consulting Private Limited, hereinafter referred as ‘Zerone’, ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’ is committed to respect your privacy.
This Privacy Policy highlights our privacy practices regarding “Personal Information” that we collect and store about you through this website,  (“Site”), and also for those Personal Information that you provide us while visiting and navigating the Site.
This Privacy Policy applies to our use of any and all data collected by us or provided by you in relation to the use of the site.
Personal Information (Collection, Use and Process).
‘Personal Information’ is defined as “any data which relates to an individual who may be identified from that data, or from a combination of a set of data, and other information which is in possession of Zerone.
Zerone collects the following categories of Personal Information.
Information that you provide by visiting or navigating the Site, including information you provide when you register in the Site e.
g.
name, email address, designation, company, country, and telephone number etc.
Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of the Site, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, demographics, your computer’s operating system, and browser type and information collected via cookies.
Cookie related details.
Please refer to our policy regarding Cookies and Website Analytics.
Applicable Data Protection Laws.
For residents (data subjects) of the European Union, when we collect and use personal data (information) about you, we may be subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (‘GDPR’) of the European Union and be responsible as a ‘data controller’ for such personal data.
For residents of other countries, when we collect and use personal information about you, we may be subject to the applicable Data Protection Laws in those countries.
Use of Personal Information.
The purposes for which we use your Personal Information are the following.
to improve usability, troubleshooting and maintenance.
to know which areas of the site that you visited and its frequency.
to create your user credentials.
to identify you once you register in our site.
to contact you and respond to your questions or requests.
and.
to provide access to desirable content based on your preferences.
to use for any other purpose related your use of our site.
Legal basis for processing.
With your consent.
We process your Personal Information with your consent for the below purpose(s).
Where we process Personal Information based on consent, your consent is revocable at any time.
We might use your personal data.
For the purpose of sending you our newsletter, any other information, including marketing                    information and surveys.
For the performance of a contract.
We process your Personal Information for the performance of a contract in the following circumstances.
to provide better usability, troubleshooting and site maintenance.
and.
to create your user ID.
For our legitimate interests.
We process your Personal Information when it is necessary for the purposes of a legitimate interest pursued by us or a third party (when these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights).
This applies in the following circumstances.
to identify you once you register on our website.
and.
to contact you and respond to your questions or requests.
to understand which parts of the website are visited and how frequently.
and.
to provide access to desirable content based on your preferences.
If you choose not to provide your Personal Information that is mandatory to process your request, we may not be able to provide the corresponding service.
Sharing Personal Information.
We do not normally share the Personal Information with third parties for their marketing purposes.
We may share your Personal Information within.
Zerone or with any of its subsidiaries.
Service vendors.
Contractors.
Your rights.
Request access.
to your personal data.
This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
Request correction.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you.
This enables you ask us to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Request erasure.
Request erasure of your personal data.
This enables you to ask us, in certain situations, to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it.
You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Object to processing.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground.
You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data.
Request the restriction of processing.
Request the restriction of processing of your personal data.
This enables you to ask us, in certain circumstances, to suspend the processing of personal data about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Data portability.
This enables you to ask us, in certain circumstances, to provide you with the personal data you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to transmit the personal data that you have provided to us to another party.
Automated decision-making.
The right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing that produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
Data security.
We have taken all reasonable processes and procedures including administrative, physical security and technical controls to protect your Personal Information.
Data retention.
Personal Information will not be retained for a period more than necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required by law or for directly related legitimate business purposes.
Links to third party websites.
Zerone provides links to third-party websites and services.
However, Zerone is not responsible for the privacy statements, practices, or the contents of such third-party websites.
Children’s privacy.
Another part of our priority is adding protection to children while using the internet.
Zerone does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 18.
If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Our contact details.
If you have any questions regarding our privacy practices or this privacy statement, please contact us at                    .
Amendments to this Policy.
We may change the data privacy practices and update this privacy policy as and when required, and the changes will be made available on the site.
But our commitment to protect the privacy of website users will continue to remain.
Home.
Services.
why zerone.
Artificial Intelligence.
Resources.
mobile app development.
Blog.
Technologies.
Whitepaper.
Case Study.
Terms And Conditions.
Careers.
Privacy Policy.
Contact.
2005-2022 © Zerone Consulting Private Limited.
All Rights Reserved.
Have a Project.
Let's Talk About It.
Send us a Letter.
or CALL US+91 484 241 3575Follow US ON.
Hello.
We’re glad you’re here.
Tell us a little about your requirement.
Full Name*.
Full Name*.
Work Email*.
Phone*Company Name*.
Phone*.
Company Name*.
How can we help you.
*.
