Data Protection Notice.
General Data Protection Notice for Customers and Business Partners.
Data Processing Information for the ZF Websites.
This Data Processing Information explains how personal data about you is collected, processed and used by ZF Friedrichshafen AG (hereinafter “ZF,” “we,” or “us”) as data controller when you use the ZF Websites available under zf.
com.
At ZF, we take our responsibility to protect your personal data serious.
As used in this Data Processing Information, “personal data” means any information – either alone or in combination with other information we can access – that relates to you as an identified or identifiable individual.
We respect your right to privacy and will only process your personal data in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
This Data Processing Information applies to infor-mation we collect when you use the ZF Websites and its functionalities.
1.
Information on data collection and use.
1.
1 Information that is automatically collected.
When you use the ZF Websites without registration, you are not required to actively provide certain personal data.
however, we automatically collect and process the following information.
technical session and connection information including IP address of your device.
browser type.
information about your device, hardware and software.
preferences.
web pages you visited just before the ZF Websites.
pages you viewed on the ZF Websites and dates and times of your visit.
We process and use the data specified above for the purposes of (1) providing the ZF Websites and its functionalities.
(2) improving the ZF Website’s features and functionalities.
and (3) preventing and detecting misuse and malfunction of the ZF Websites including troubleshooting.
Collection of this type of information occurs inter alia by means of cookies.
For more detailed information on the types of cookies and their specific purposes, please see Sec.
2 below.
The processing and use of the data is based on statutory provisions which justify those operations on the grounds that (1) the processing is necessary for the performance of the contract about the use of the ZF Websites.
or (2) ZF has a legitimate interest in ensuring the functionality and error-free operation of the ZF Websites and that it is tailored to the user’s needs.
1.
2 User requests, account creation and signing-in.
When you create a ZF Account (which is required for some parts of the ZF Websites), we collect the information you provide in the registration process, which may include.
First name and surname, sex, email address, phone numbers, area of activity, industry category, name and type of your organisation, company’s address.
The same data is processed when the user fills in the contact form on the website, e.
g.
the user sends a request for technical information.
We process and use the information specified above for the purposes of (1) checking your eligibility for and the administration of your ZF Account.
(2) performing the Terms of Use regarding the ZF Websites and any and all rights and obligations thereunder.
(3) tailoring the ZF Websites and the content to your needs.
and (4) communicating with you by sending you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages, respond to your questions and requests and provide customer service.
The processing and use of the data is based on statutory provisions which justify those operations on the grounds that (1) the processing is necessary for the performance of the Agreement including the Terms of Use regarding the ZF Websites.
or (2) ZF has a legitimate interest in ensuring the functionality of the ZF Websites and that it is tailored to the user’s needs.
If you create or log in to a ZF Account we use your login data (user name and password) for the purpose of providing and administrating your access to the ZF Websites and – as the case maybe – further online services by ZF or third parties which are accessible through the ZF Websites.
The information you provide in order to register (user name and password) is processed to check and verify your authorisation and to handle requests from you to reset your password.
1.
3 Personal data from other sources.
Social media plugins and networks.
When using our ZF Websites we allow you to share information with social media sites or to connect your ZF account with the respective social media site using so-called social plugins.
Social networks are able to retrieve personal data, independently of whether you interact with the plugin or not.
For this reason, when we use social plugins on our websites from social networks we integrate them in the following way.
When you visit our websites, the social plugins are deactivated, i.
e.
no data is transmitted to the operators of these networks.
If you want to use one of the networks, click on the respective social plugin to establish a direct connection to the server of the respective network.
If you are logged onto a social network while visiting ZF Websites with social media plugins embedded in them, the network can collect and store information about such visit and link it to your social media user account.
If you want to avoid this, please log out of the network before activating the social plugin.
Once you log out, the data retrieved from your visit to the ZF Websites cannot be combined with the data of your social network user account.
ZF has no control over the data collected by social media networks through its plugins.
We encourage you to read their privacy policies to learn more about the use and function of social media plugins, the categories of data collected, the purposes it is collected for as well as the social networks’ overall data protection practices.
Social plugins of FacebookFacebook is provided by Facebook Inc.
, 1601 S.
California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA.
You will find information on data protection at Facebook here.
.
Social plugins from TwitterTwitter is provided by Twitter Inc.
, 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA.
You will find information on data protection at Twitter here.
.
Social plugins from LinkedInLinkedIn is provided by LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
You will find information on data protection at LinkedIn here.
.
In case you choose to share information on social media or if you choose to connect your ZF account with the respective social media site, those social media sites give us automatically access to certain personal data retained by them about you consisting of content viewed by you, content liked by you and information about the advertisements you have been shown or have clicked on.
Further, you can access our ZF Websites via a third party service, e.
g.
you can access our ZF Websites from our social media profiles.
In those cases we collect personal data from your social media user account consisting of your first and last name, email address and phone number and any other information you have made public.
We process and use the information specified above for the purposes of improving the ZF Websites’ features and functionalities, as well as for offering you a personalised service.
The processing and use of the data is based on statutory provisions which justify those operations on the grounds that ZF has a legitimate interest in ensuring that the functionality of the ZF Websites is tailored to the user’s needs, for targeted marketing purposes and for market research.
You can restrict our access to your personal data by changing your privacy settings on the respective social media sites.
1.
4 Further services.
You may provide further information to us when you order further services through the ZF Websites.
such information may include.
delivery address.
payment information, etc.
The collection and use of such additional information is governed by a separate Data Processing Information for the particular service.
2.
Cookies.
We use cookies, a standard Internet technology that allows us to store and retrieve login and other usage information for every user of the ZF Websites.
“Cookies” are small text files that are stored by your web browser on your computer's hard drive.
They allow ZF to store such things as user preferences.
The ZF Websites uses both session cookies and persistent cookies.
Session cookies are temporary cookies that expire (and are automatically erased) when you close your browser.
Persistent cookies stay in your browser until they expire, or until you delete them.
Cookies allow us to recognise your device (e.
g.
your laptop or mobile device) so that your experience of our ZF Websites can be tailored to your device.
Cookies do not typically identify you as an individual, just the device you are using.
We use cookies to save information such as passwords and preferences so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our ZF Websites, to deliver content tailored to your interests and to optimise the performance of the ZF Websites.
The information connected with the cookie can also be visitors' preferences and record session information, such as pages visited, interactions with the ZF Websites’ features, time spent on our ZF Websites and language preference.
Most internet browsers allow you to block cookies from your browser.
If you do not agree to the use of these cookies please disable them by following the instructions for your browser set out here.
or use the automated disabling tool where available.
However, some of the services in relation to the ZF Websites will not function well if cookies are disabled.
Below, we have provided a list of the categories of cookies used on our ZF Websites, and a description of what these cookies do.
Some of these cookies are essential to the operation of the ZF Websites.
Others are not essential, but help us to improve our ZF Websites by collecting anonymous user information, or try and improve your experience of our ZF Websites by remembering your choices.
We use the following types of cookies.
Strictly necessary cookies.
– which enable services and applications you have specifically asked for.
We use certain cookies which are essential to the operation of our ZF Websites.
For example, these types of cookies enable you to log into secure areas of our ZF Websites, provide the necessary security your visit to our ZF Websites requires, and help ensure the content of the pages you request loads quickly.
Without these cookies, ZF Websites services that you have asked for cannot be provided as required.
The use of these cookies implicates processing the following type of data.
[anonymous browser session ID, permis-sion groups, user ID].
As far as this data must be considered personal data, the processing is based on statutory provisions which justify this on the ground that the processing is necessary to provide the requested ZF Websites services.
Functionality cookies.
– which remember your choices to improve your experience.
These cookies allow our ZF Websites to remember choices you make, such as remembering your preferred language, the type of device you are using, the region you are in.
The aim of these cookies is to provide you with a more personal experience so that you don't have to reset your preferences each time you visit the ZF Websites.
As described above, you may disable any of these functional cookies.
but if you do so, then various functions of our ZF Websites may be unavailable to you or may not work the way you want them to.
The use of these cookies implicates processing the following type of data.
[device ID, preferred language].
As far as this data must be considered personal data, the processing is based on statutory provisions which justify this on the ground that (1) the processing is necessary to provide the requested ZF Websites services.
or (2) ZF has a legitimate interest in ensuring the functionality of the ZF Websites and that it is tailored to the user’s needs.
Performance/analytics cookies.
– which collect pseudonymous information about the web pages you visit.
These cookies collect information about how visitors use our ZF Websites, for example, which pages our visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages on those pages.
These performance cookies don't collect information that identifies you as an individual – all information they collect is aggregated and pseudonymous (inter alia we remove the last two octets of your IP address).
We do not associate usage data collected through these cookies with personal data which you may have provided when registering for a ZF Account (e.
g.
your name).
On the ZF Websites, we use technologies of 	Piwik PRO GmbH to collect and store data about your use of the ZF Websites for the purposes of optimization of the ZF Websites services and marketing.
Usage profiles may be created from this data under a pseudonym using cookies.
As far as this data must be considered personal data, the processing is based on statutory provisions which justify this on the ground that (1) ZF has a legitimate interest that the ZF Websites is tailored to the user’s needs.
or (2) the data is used in pseudonymous form for the purpose of marketing and optimization purposes and the user has not objected to this use.
You may object to the collection and processing by Piwik PRO’s tracking technology at any time with effect for the future by clicking this link.
Third party cookies.
– which collect information for third parties.
For the purpose of embedding video clips into our ZF Websites, we use services provided by Brightcove, Inc [ By default, the Brightcove video player does not use any cookies.
However, Brightcove sup-plied plugins and other third-party player plugins may use cookies.
The cookies used by third party plugins are con-trolled by the third parties.
Please check with Brightcove for a description of the cookies used in their plugins and respective third parties cookies.
Information about Brightcove cookies.
3.
Contact forms, subscription to newsletters and other marketing communications.
The ZF Websites may offer you the possibility to subscribe to a newsletter or other marketing communications which will be sent to you via email.
For this purpose we process and use your name and email address in order to provide you with the newsletter and other subscribed communications.
The type of newsletter depends on the selection company type and vehicle type in the registration form.
The processing and use of personal data for the purpose of subscriptions to newsletters and other marketing communications is based on (1) statutory provisions which justify those operations on the ground that the processing is necessary for the performance of the subscription.
or (2) your consent.
We use the double-opt-in-procedure in order to verify your subscription / consent.
We store your confirmation in order to document and prove your subscription / consent.
You have the right to cancel your subscription / to withdraw your consent at any time without incurring any costs other than the transmission costs in accordance with the basic tariffs.
The cancellation / withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before the cancellation / withdrawal.
4.
Order of brochures and further promotional materials.
You can order brochures and – also in context of specific applications and services provided through the ZF Websites - further promotional and advertising materials on our ZF Websites.
We process and use the information you provide (such as your name, address, further contact details as well as the selected brochure) to execute your order and send you the material in the desired manner (via email, postal service etc.
).
The processing and use of personal data for these purposes is based on (1) statutory provisions which justify those operations on the ground that the processing is necessary for the performance of the orders.
or (2) your consent.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
5.
Sharing data within the ZF Group.
ZF is a company located in Germany which operates globally and is part of the ZF group of companies, the current members of which are specified 	here (“ZF Group”).
The data you provide to us in the course of registration for a ZF Account (see no.
1.
2 above), will be stored in our centralised customer data base in Germany and shared within the ZF Group for the purpose of managing your relationship with ZF and the ZF Group.
The sharing and use of the data is based on statutory provisions which justify those operations on the grounds that (1) the processing is necessary for the performance of the Agreement including the Terms of Use regarding the ZF Websites.
or (2) ZF has a legitimate interest in sharing this data within the ZF Group for internal administrative purposes.
The ZF Account information relating to you might be processed outside of your local jurisdiction and the European Economic Area including, in the following 	countries/regions e.
g.
US, Mexico, Canada, Ukraine, Turkey, Russia, Greater China, Switzerland, Serbia, Japan, UAE, India, Australia, Singapore, Indonesia, Korea, Thailand, Malaysia, Vietnam, Philippines, South Africa, Algeria, Tunisia, Mauritius, Argentina, Brazil and Columbia.
Where we are required not to transfer your personal data out of your local jurisdiction as per the applicable laws on data protection in your local jurisdiction, we will take appropriate measures to ensure the compliance with such requirements.
Any transfer of your personal data to a third country (i.
e.
which is not a member of EU/EEA) will continue to be in compliance with all applicable data protection laws.
As far as a third country is not recognized by the European Commission or in your local jurisdiction to provide an adequate level of protection, ZF will take appropriate safeguards to ensure adequate protection of your data.
e.
g.
by concluding data transfer agreements with third country recipients comprising standard contractual clauses which in accordance with the decisions of the European Commission provide adequate safeguards and can be requested under .
Sharing data outside of the ZF Group.
In order to provide certain Applications and Services we share your data with particular external parties which perform services on our behalf.
We may use third party service providers to offer or facilitate services on our behalf, such as a newsletter service provider, IT-provider, web hosting provider as well as any other service provider which act as data processors and therefore process the data on our behalf and under our instructions.
These third parties are prohibited from using your personal data for their own commercial, promotional or any other purposes than those explicitly instructed for and they have to follow our express instructions and comply with appropriate security measures to protect your personal data.
We might disclose personal information when required by law to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on us, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation.
6.
Detecting and prosecute misuse.
We retain usage data including IP-addresses for the purpose of detecting and – as the case maybe – prosecuting misuse of the ZF Websites.
Unless required for prosecution purposes, the data will be deleted after 7 days.
The retention and use of the data is based on statutory provisions which justify those operations on the grounds that (1) the processing is necessary for the performance of the Agreement including the Terms of Use regarding the ZF Websites.
or (2) ZF has a legitimate interest in ensuring the functionality and security of the ZF Websites.
7.
Deletion of data.
Generally, we delete personal data as soon as it is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which the data was initially collected or processed.
In case the processing is based on consent and you withdraw your consent we will delete your personal data without undue delay after the withdrawal unless we are legally required to retain the data.
With respect to registered users, ZF will annually send a reminder to re-confirm the information he provided to ZF when registering for the ZF Account.
Should the user not confirm his Account information, the Account will be deactivated.
ZF will delete the ZF Account and related data after another year after the deactivation in case the user does not provide the relevant confirmation.
8.
Other services, applications and websites.
Via the ZF Websites you may access other services and applications the use of personal data by which is explained in separate date protection information documents.
Also, our ZF Websites contains links to other websites.
ZF is not responsible for the use and protection of personal data on these other sites.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our ZF Websites and to read the data protection information of the other websites.
Chatbot.
No personal data will be processed by ZF when using the chatbot.
Your chatbot conversation is anonymous.
If you wish to use the voluntary service of forwarding your request to an employee of the ZF Task Force, your request with your voluntarily provided e-mail address will be processed.
It is ensured that your request is only made available to the employee(s) relevant to your case and that the employees have been informed of the particularly high protection value of the data.
Your e-mail address is necessary to answer your request.
It is the only personal datum stored by the ZF Chatbot.
Immediately after reaching the purpose of forwarding your personal request to the responsible employee(s), all personal data collected in connection with the use of the chatbot will be deleted.
9.
Your rights.
You are generally entitled to request from ZF access to and rectification or erasure of personal data that we store about you or – as the case maybe - restriction of processing as far as it concerns you or to object to processing as well as the assert your right to data portability.
all as granted by applicable data protection laws.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
10.
Contact.
In case of any request concerning our use, integrity and/or accuracy of your personal data or in case you want to assert any of your rights mentioned under Sec.
9, you may contact us by email at ZF Privacy Webform.
The contact details of our data protection officer are as follows.
ZF Friedrichshafen AGJosef HermesLöwentaler Straße 2088046 Friedrichshafen.
Germany.
Data Protection Regarding Camera Recordings in Public Spaces.
11.
Changes to this data protection information.
As our collection and processing of your data may change over time, we might also modify this Data Protection Information in order for it to always correctly reflect our data processing practices.
We encourage you to review it from time to time.
Last modified.
May, 2018.
