Home.
About.
Our ServicesIoT/m2mWeb design and developmentDedicated teamsMobile application developmentCustom software solutions.
IoT/m2m.
Web design and development.
Dedicated teams.
Mobile application development.
Custom software solutions.
Case Studies.
Blog.
Careers.
Contact Us.
Privacy Policy.
General Information.
We intend to use cookies to provide you with the best user experience and tailored information to individual preferences when you browse through the website.
By continuing to browse, you will presumably be accepting our cookies and privacy policies.
Privacy Policy.
This privacy policy intends to disclosing our code of conduct and our ethical priorities in relation to the privacy concerns of our users.
Our privacy policies are designed perfectly in compliance with the regulation in EU law on data protection of all EU individuals by these big tech companies.
It aims to give authority over their personal data sharing to individuals instead of these international companies.
This specific privacy statement intends to highlight, what personal information we collect and the ways in which we use your information.
Read the following to be aware of important facts about your personal information.
What we collect.
When registering for our website, the user is expected to provide us with name and email address, along with phone number.
When we collect.
We collect your information once you register with our website, fill out a form, make a purchase, respond to any of our marketing communication or surf through our website.
How do we use your information.
To enhance the user experience by providing exactly what user expects from us and facilitate them as much as possible.
To educate our users with updates regarding our offers.
To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries).
Third- Party Policies.
Incubator’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites.
Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information.
It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
Do we use cookies.
Cookies may be used by ZIN to store information on your local computers in order to offer better site experiences and tailored information requirements for our users.
It does not contain any personal user information that can be misused in future.
GDPR Compliance.
Right of access.
In compliance with GDPR, ZIN gives rights to individuals to access their personal information and how or what categories of it  is it being processed.
Records of processing activity.
Records of processing are maintained by the company including the purpose and categories of processing to be made available for supervisory authorities on request.
The right of data to be erased.
Complying to the GDPR act, users are given right to erase the data provided to the company any time under certain circumstances.
Data Breaches.
We will take following actions in case data breach occurs.
notify the supervisory authority without undue delay unless the breach is unlikely to result in a risk to the rights and freedoms of the individuals.
We will notify the users via email within 30 business days.
Job Applications.
Our website offers the opportunity to apply for employment, either via a job advertisement published on our side, or as speculative application.
If you make use of these possibilities by providing your personal data, the information inserted in the application form or otherwise provided will be transmitted to ZIN as data controller.
With regard to the processing of this personal data you will be asked to grant your explicit consent.
The legal basis for this processing is Art.
6(1)(a) GDPR.
We store this personal data only for internal use to handle your application.
We will delete your personal data on completion of the application process if further retention is not required for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims occurring out of the application process, or unless this personal data are required for the formation of or performance under a contract.
Testimonials.
We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our site in addition to other endorsements.
With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name.
The legal basis for this processing is Art.
6(1)(a) GDPR.
If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us.
Third Party Applications.
We will respect and protect your privacy as set out in this Privacy Policy.
We will share your personal data with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy – and do not and will not sell your personal data.
ZIN may or may not share your personal data with third parties only with your express consent or under another lawful basis for processing under the applicable law.
CAN SPAM Act.
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following.
NOT use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
Changes to the policy.
All the rules and policies are subjected to change.
In this case the company will be responsible to provide information to its users about the update.
Service Areas.
IoT/m2m.
Web Design and Development.
Dedicated Teams.
Mobile App Development.
Custom Software Solutions.
Additional Links.
Terms and Conditions.
Information Security Policy.
Privacy Policy.
Cookie Policy.
Address.
4 Edward Road, Harrow.
Join us for updates.
