This site uses JavaScript to provide a number of functions, to use this site please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Protect your organization from cyberattacks associated with the Russia-Ukraine conflict >.
Careers.
Blog.
Partners.
Risk Assessment.
Support.
Contact Us.
Sign In admin.
zscaler.
net admin.
zscalerone.
net admin.
zscalertwo.
net admin.
zscalerthree.
net admin.
zscalerbeta.
net admin.
zscloud.
net Zscaler Private Access.
admin.
zscaler.
net.
admin.
zscalerone.
net.
admin.
zscalertwo.
net.
admin.
zscalerthree.
net.
admin.
zscalerbeta.
net.
admin.
zscloud.
net.
Zscaler Private Access.
en.
fr.
de.
it.
ja.
es.
See The Difference   Zero Trust   Zscaler Difference   What is Zero Trust The strategy on which Zscaler was built   How Zscaler Delivers Zero Trust A platform that enforces policy based on context   Zero Trust Resources Learn its principles, benefits, strategies  See how the Zero Trust Exchange can help you leverage cloud, mobility, AI, IoT, and OT technologies to become more agile and reduce risk Learn More  Customer Testimonials Hear first-hand transformation stories   Case Studies Learn about pioneering Zscaler customers   Analyst Recognition Industry experts weigh in on Zscaler   See the Zscaler Cloud in Action Traffic processed, malware blocked, and more   Experience the Difference Get started with zero trust  See how the Zero Trust Exchange can help you leverage cloud, mobility, AI, IoT, and OT technologies to become more agile and reduce risk Learn More.
Zero Trust.
Zscaler Difference.
What is Zero Trust The strategy on which Zscaler was built.
How Zscaler Delivers Zero Trust A platform that enforces policy based on context.
Zero Trust Resources Learn its principles, benefits, strategies.
See how the Zero Trust Exchange can help you leverage cloud, mobility, AI, IoT, and OT technologies to become more agile and reduce risk.
Customer Testimonials Hear first-hand transformation stories.
Case Studies Learn about pioneering Zscaler customers.
Analyst Recognition Industry experts weigh in on Zscaler.
See the Zscaler Cloud in Action Traffic processed, malware blocked, and more.
Experience the Difference Get started with zero trust.
See how the Zero Trust Exchange can help you leverage cloud, mobility, AI, IoT, and OT technologies to become more agile and reduce risk.
Platform   Platform   Technology   Platform Overview Unified platform for transformation    Zero Trust Exchange    Zscaler Client Connector    Compliance    Privacy   Products Integrated services, infinitely scalable    Zscaler Internet Access    Zscaler Private Access    Zscaler Business to Business    Zscaler Cloud Protection    Zscaler Digital Experience    Zscaler Deception Technology   Accelerate your transformationProtect and empower your business by leveraging the platform, process and people skills to accelerate your zero trust initiatives  Learn More   Technologies Global proxy-based cloud architecture    Secure Web Gateway    Cloud Firewall    Cloud IPS    Cloud DLP    Cloud Sandbox    Cloud Browser Isolation    Cloud Configuration Security (CSPM)    Cloud Identity and Entitlements (CIEM)    Cloud Access Security Broker (CASB)   Capabilities Integrated services, infinitely scalable    SSL Inspection    Advanced Threat Protection    Bandwidth Control    Machine Learning Security    Security Service Edge    Secure Access Service Edge    Zero Trust Network Access    Cloud Security   Gartner Magic Quadrant LeaderZscaler.
A Leader in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Security Service Edge (SSE) New Positioned Highest in the Ability to Execute  Read the report.
Platform.
Technology.
Platform Overview Unified platform for transformation    Zero Trust Exchange    Zscaler Client Connector    Compliance    Privacy.
Zero Trust Exchange.
Zscaler Client Connector.
Compliance.
Privacy.
Products Integrated services, infinitely scalable    Zscaler Internet Access    Zscaler Private Access    Zscaler Business to Business    Zscaler Cloud Protection    Zscaler Digital Experience    Zscaler Deception Technology.
Zscaler Internet Access.
Zscaler Private Access.
Zscaler Business to Business.
Zscaler Cloud Protection.
Zscaler Digital Experience.
Zscaler Deception Technology.
Protect and empower your business by leveraging the platform, process and people skills to accelerate your zero trust initiatives.
Technologies Global proxy-based cloud architecture    Secure Web Gateway    Cloud Firewall    Cloud IPS    Cloud DLP    Cloud Sandbox    Cloud Browser Isolation    Cloud Configuration Security (CSPM)    Cloud Identity and Entitlements (CIEM)    Cloud Access Security Broker (CASB).
Secure Web Gateway.
Cloud Firewall.
Cloud IPS.
Cloud DLP.
Cloud Sandbox.
Cloud Browser Isolation.
Cloud Configuration Security (CSPM).
Cloud Identity and Entitlements (CIEM).
Cloud Access Security Broker (CASB).
Capabilities Integrated services, infinitely scalable    SSL Inspection    Advanced Threat Protection    Bandwidth Control    Machine Learning Security    Security Service Edge    Secure Access Service Edge    Zero Trust Network Access    Cloud Security.
SSL Inspection.
Advanced Threat Protection.
Bandwidth Control.
Machine Learning Security.
Security Service Edge.
Secure Access Service Edge.
Zero Trust Network Access.
Cloud Security.
Zscaler.
A Leader in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Security Service Edge (SSE) New Positioned Highest in the Ability to Execute.
Solutions   Modern Workplace Enablement   Security Transformation   Infrastructure Modernization   Industries & Partners   Modern Workplace Enablement Overview Create fast, secure experiences for users everywhere   Secure Work-from-anywhere Seamless access for the hybrid workforce    VPN Alternative    M&A Divestitures    Security Cloud Migration    Third-party Access    ZTNA On-Premises    Remote Collaboration    Secure Access to OT Systems   Ensure great digital experiences Seamless access through fast, secure and reliable connectivity    Zscaler Digital Experience Score    SaaS/Application Monitoring    Cloudpath Analytics    Endpoint Monitoring    UCaaS Monitoring   Make hybrid work possibleSecure work from anywhere, protect data, and deliver the best experience possible for users  Get started   Security Transformation Overview A modern cloud approach   Prevent Cyberthreats Prevent phishing, ransomware, and other attacks    Ransomware Protection    Log4j   Prevent Data Loss Protect data everywhere from exposure or theft    Guest Wi-Fi Protection   The World’s Most Effective Ransomware ProtectionRansomware is the biggest threat to digital business.
Learn how to take a proactive, zero trust approach to safeguarding your enterprise  Get Started   Infrastructure Modernization Overview Enable the new world of cloud and mobility   Simplify Branch Connectivity Simplify and secure direct-to-cloud connections    Office 365    Rethink Network Security    Direct-to-cloud Architecture   Secure Cloud Connectivity Secure connectivity between clouds and workloads   Enable the Agile BranchYour network security is costing more than it’s worth.
See how five companies drove simplicity, savings and security  Watch Now    Industries Our ecosystem of zero trust partners    Zscaler for Public Sector    Zscaler for Federal    Zscaler for State and Local    Zscaler for Education    Zscaler for Australian Government    Zscaler for China    Zscaler for Banking and FS   Partner Integrations Simplified deployment and management    AWS    Microsoft    CrowdStrike    VMware    Aruba    Cisco    ServiceNow    SAP    Splunk   Secure your ServiceNow DeploymentIt’s time to protect your ServiceNow data better and respond to security incidents quicker  Get Started.
Modern Workplace Enablement.
Security Transformation.
Infrastructure Modernization.
Industries & Partners.
Modern Workplace Enablement Overview Create fast, secure experiences for users everywhere.
Secure Work-from-anywhere Seamless access for the hybrid workforce    VPN Alternative    M&A Divestitures    Security Cloud Migration    Third-party Access    ZTNA On-Premises    Remote Collaboration    Secure Access to OT Systems.
VPN Alternative.
M&A Divestitures.
Security Cloud Migration.
Third-party Access.
ZTNA On-Premises.
Remote Collaboration.
Secure Access to OT Systems.
Ensure great digital experiences Seamless access through fast, secure and reliable connectivity    Zscaler Digital Experience Score    SaaS/Application Monitoring    Cloudpath Analytics    Endpoint Monitoring    UCaaS Monitoring.
Zscaler Digital Experience Score.
SaaS/Application Monitoring.
Cloudpath Analytics.
Endpoint Monitoring.
UCaaS Monitoring.
Secure work from anywhere, protect data, and deliver the best experience possible for users.
Security Transformation Overview A modern cloud approach.
Prevent Cyberthreats Prevent phishing, ransomware, and other attacks    Ransomware Protection    Log4j.
Ransomware Protection.
Log4j.
Prevent Data Loss Protect data everywhere from exposure or theft    Guest Wi-Fi Protection.
Guest Wi-Fi Protection.
Ransomware is the biggest threat to digital business.
Learn how to take a proactive, zero trust approach to safeguarding your enterprise.
Infrastructure Modernization Overview Enable the new world of cloud and mobility.
Simplify Branch Connectivity Simplify and secure direct-to-cloud connections    Office 365    Rethink Network Security    Direct-to-cloud Architecture.
Office 365.
Rethink Network Security.
Direct-to-cloud Architecture.
Secure Cloud Connectivity Secure connectivity between clouds and workloads.
Your network security is costing more than it’s worth.
See how five companies drove simplicity, savings and security.
Industries Our ecosystem of zero trust partners    Zscaler for Public Sector    Zscaler for Federal    Zscaler for State and Local    Zscaler for Education    Zscaler for Australian Government    Zscaler for China    Zscaler for Banking and FS.
Zscaler for Public Sector.
Zscaler for Federal.
Zscaler for State and Local.
Zscaler for Education.
Zscaler for Australian Government.
Zscaler for China.
Zscaler for Banking and FS.
Partner Integrations Simplified deployment and management    AWS    Microsoft    CrowdStrike    VMware    Aruba    Cisco    ServiceNow    SAP    Splunk.
AWS.
Microsoft.
CrowdStrike.
VMware.
Aruba.
Cisco.
ServiceNow.
SAP.
Splunk.
It’s time to protect your ServiceNow data better and respond to security incidents quicker.
Resources   Learn   Act   Engage   Content Library Explore topics that will inform your journey   Blog Perspectives from technology and transformation leaders   Security Assessment Toolkit Analyze your environment to see where you could be exposed   Webinars and Demos A first-hand look into important topics   Executive Insights App Security insights at your fingertips   Ransomware ROI Calculator Assess the ROI of ransomware risk reduction   Zero Trust Content LibraryDive into the latest security research and best practices  Get Started    Security & Threat Analytics Threat dashboards, cloud activity, IoT, and more   Security Advisories News about security events and protections   Vulnerability Disclosure Program Webinars, training, demos, and more   Trust Portal Zscaler cloud status and advisories   Zero Trust Content LibraryDive into the latest security research and best practices  Get Started    The Cloud-First Architect Tools and best practices for the cloud   Zenith Community Discuss ideas and issues with peers   CXO REvolutionaries Events, insights, and resources for CXOs   Training and Certifications Ongoing programs via Zero Trust Academy   Cloud Security Alliance Securing the cloud through best practices   Events Upcoming opportunities to meet with Zscaler   Zero Trust Content LibraryDive into the latest security research and best practices  Get Started.
Learn.
Act.
Engage.
Content Library Explore topics that will inform your journey.
Blog Perspectives from technology and transformation leaders.
Security Assessment Toolkit Analyze your environment to see where you could be exposed.
Webinars and Demos A first-hand look into important topics.
Executive Insights App Security insights at your fingertips.
Ransomware ROI Calculator Assess the ROI of ransomware risk reduction.
Dive into the latest security research and best practices.
Security & Threat Analytics Threat dashboards, cloud activity, IoT, and more.
Security Advisories News about security events and protections.
Vulnerability Disclosure Program Webinars, training, demos, and more.
Trust Portal Zscaler cloud status and advisories.
Dive into the latest security research and best practices.
The Cloud-First Architect Tools and best practices for the cloud.
Zenith Community Discuss ideas and issues with peers.
CXO REvolutionaries Events, insights, and resources for CXOs.
Training and Certifications Ongoing programs via Zero Trust Academy.
Cloud Security Alliance Securing the cloud through best practices.
Events Upcoming opportunities to meet with Zscaler.
Dive into the latest security research and best practices.
Company   About   Media   Partners   About Zscaler How it began, where it’s going   Leadership Meet our management team   Investor Relations News, stock information, and quarterly reports   Customers Learn about their transformation journeys   Compliance Our adherence to rigorous standards   ESG Our Environmental, Social, and Governance approach   Events Upcoming opportunities to meet with Zscaler   Zscaler CareersJoin a recognized leader in Zero trust to help organization transform securely  Apply Now    Media Center News, blogs, events, photos, logos, and other brand assets   News and Press Zscaler in the news   Zscaler CareersJoin a recognized leader in Zero trust to help organization transform securely  Apply Now    Partner Portal Tools and resources for Zscaler partners   Summit Partner Program Collaborating to ensure customer success   System Integrators Helping joint customers become cloud-first companies   Service Providers Delivering an integrated platform of services   Technology Deep integrations simplify cloud migration   Partner Inquiry Become a Zscaler partner   Zscaler CareersJoin a recognized leader in Zero trust to help organization transform securely  Apply Now.
About.
Media.
Partners.
About Zscaler How it began, where it’s going.
Leadership Meet our management team.
Investor Relations News, stock information, and quarterly reports.
Customers Learn about their transformation journeys.
Compliance Our adherence to rigorous standards.
ESG Our Environmental, Social, and Governance approach.
Events Upcoming opportunities to meet with Zscaler.
Join a recognized leader in Zero trust to help organization transform securely.
Media Center News, blogs, events, photos, logos, and other brand assets.
News and Press Zscaler in the news.
Join a recognized leader in Zero trust to help organization transform securely.
Partner Portal Tools and resources for Zscaler partners.
Summit Partner Program Collaborating to ensure customer success.
System Integrators Helping joint customers become cloud-first companies.
Service Providers Delivering an integrated platform of services.
Technology Deep integrations simplify cloud migration.
Partner Inquiry Become a Zscaler partner.
Join a recognized leader in Zero trust to help organization transform securely.
Request a demo.
Request a demo.
Request a demo.
Zscaler Privacy Policy.
Effective Date.
May 1, 2020.
Introduction.
Changes to This Policy.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It.
How We Use Your Information.
Agents, Service Providers, and Authorized Partners.
International Transfer of Information Collected.
Disclosure to Third Parties.
Choices about How We Use and Disclose Your Personal Information.
Your California Privacy Rights.
Data Security.
Links to Other Websites.
Children’s Privacy.
Contact Us.
Introduction.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains how your information is collected, used and disclosed by Zscaler, Inc.
and its subsidiaries (“Zscaler” or “We” or “Us"), and applies to information we collect when you use or access our online website at  (the “Website”), when you access content we make available to you (the “Content”), or when you otherwise interact with us.
We respect the privacy rights of our Website visitors and recognize the importance of protecting your information.
If you or your organization subscribe to Zscaler products or services (collectively, the “Products”) pursuant to a subscription agreement with Zscaler or another agreement with a Zscaler-authorized partner, the terms of that subscription agreement (or other data processing agreement) may contain different or additional privacy-related terms.
Zscaler has self-certified to and complies with the EU-U.
S.
and Swiss-U.
S.
Privacy Shield Frameworks as set forth by the U.
S.
Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal data transferred from the European Union and Switzerland, respectively, to the United States.
Accordingly, any references to “Policy” includes Zscaler’s GDPR and Privacy Shield Policy.
If you are located in the European Union, you have additional rights under the GDPR as set forth in our GDPR and Privacy Shield Policy.
If you are located in California, you have additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the "CCPA") as set forth in our California Privacy Policy.
Please read this Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use the Website or access the Content.
By accessing or using the Website, accessing the Content or otherwise providing your information to Zscaler, you agree to this Policy.
Changes to This Policy.
We may change this Policy from time to time.
The date this Policy was last revised is indicated at the top of this Policy.
If there are material changes to this Policy, we will notify you by email and/or by posting a notice on the Website prior to the changes becoming effective.
Your use of the Website, the Content or the Products after the posting of such changes constitutes your consent to such changes.
We encourage you to review our Policy whenever you use or access the Website or our Content to stay informed about our information privacy practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It.
Information You Provide to Us.
Visitors to the Website may provide their personal information to us by completing web forms, by email, and by other methods.
Contact information such as name, address, email address and/or phone number is typically provided when using these methods.
This information is used to provide information regarding the Products that are requested by the visitor to the Website (e.
g.
, to respond to your questions regarding the Products or to send you a newsletter or white paper about the Products).
By voluntarily providing us with this information, you represent that you are the owner of such personal information or are otherwise authorized to provide it to us.
Visitors to the Website may sign up to receive various information or services from us, including but not limited to the following.
free trials or evaluations of the Products.
white papers.
demonstrations of the Products.
webinars regarding the Products.
We may also collect any personal information you provide when you.
use interactive features of the Website.
sign up to evaluate the Products (including using “Zscaler Security Preview” or other interactive demos).
register an opportunity through Zscaler’ s deal registration portal.
join and participate in Zscaler community, trust, and/or help forums.
request customer support.
We ask for and collect personal information such as your name, address, phone number and email address when you register for or attend a sponsored event or other events in which Zscaler participates.
We also enable visitors to the Website to contact us by email with questions, comments or requests.
The information collected from these email communications is used to reply to such questions, comments or requests.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies.
We use cookies and various traffic tracking technologies to monitor use of the Website.
A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website, when visited by a user, asks your browser to store on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information.
On the Website, we may use cookies to analyze our site traffic patterns, but except as described below under “Agents and Service Providers”, we link cookies only to IP addresses and not to any other personally identifiable information about visitors to the Website.
For example, we currently use third party services such as Google Analytics to analyze traffic to the Website.
These third party services use cookies to track non-personally identifiable information, link cookies only to IP addresses, and aggregate data about traffic to the Website.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies.
Please consult your web browser's manual or online help tool if you want information on restricting or disabling the web browser's handling of cookies.
If you disable cookies, you can still view the Website, but some features may not be available (such as offers regarding the Products).
Web beacons, tags and scripts may be used on the Website or in email or other electronic communications we send to you.
These technologies assist us in delivering cookies, counting visits to the Website, understanding usage and marketing campaign effectiveness, and determining whether an email has been opened and acted upon.
We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by our third party service providers on an individual and aggregated basis.
We may use Local Storage Objects (“LSOs”) such as HTML5 to store content information and preferences.
Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs.
Third parties with which we partner to provide certain features on the Website or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity use LSOs such as HTML5 and Flash to collect and store information.
As is true with most websites and services delivered over the Internet, we gather certain information and store it in log files when you interact with the Website or use the Products.
This information includes IP addresses as well as browser type, internet service provider, URLs of referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, information you search for, locale and language preferences, identification numbers associated with your devices, your mobile carrier, and system configuration information.
Occasionally, we connect personal information to information gathered in our log files as necessary to improve the Website and the Products.
In such a case, we would treat the combined information in accordance with this Policy.
For more information on how we use cookies and other similar technologies, please refer to our Cookies Policy.
How We Use Your Information.
We generally use information collected on the Website or when you access the Content for the following purposes.
to provide, operate, maintain, improve, and promote the Products.
to enable you to access and use the Products.
to process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including purchase confirmations and invoices.
to send transactional messages, including responses to your comments, questions, and requests.
provide customer service and support.
and send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages.
to send promotional communications, such as providing you with information about the Products, features, surveys, newsletters, offers, promotions, contests, and events.
and provide other news or information about us and our partners.
to monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Website and services, and your use of the Content, including for marketing or advertising purposes.
to investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to our the Products, and other illegal activities.
to personalize the Website, the Content and the Products, including by providing features or advertisements that match your interests and preferences.
and/or.
for other purposes for which we obtain your consent.
From time to time, we may post testimonials on the Website that may contain personal information.
We will obtain your consent to post your name along with your testimonial.
If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us.
Agents, Service Providers, and Authorized Partners.
We may provide your personal information to certain authorized resellers of the Products and other authorized technology partners to communicate information to you about the Products and as part of events that we jointly host with such partners.
We may also provide your personal information to contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and which are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
Among the service providers we use is Showpad ( a sales enablement and marketing tool.
If you have requested to receive Content presented to you via Showpad, certain information will be required to provide you with access to the Showpad platform and the requested Content.
Showpad will log your email address and track your activity regarding the Content you receive – in particular your interactions with the Content (e.
g.
, clicks, time spent, downloads and sharing).
Tracking occurs only for our use and benefit so we understand how the Content is used, allowing us to have a more personalized interaction with you.
To review how Showpad uses any personal information it collects when you access any Content, see .
International Transfer of Information Collected.
We may store personal information about Website visitors and subscribers in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), the United States and in other countries and territories.
To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer and access such personal information from around the world, including from other countries in which Zscaler has operations.
If you are visiting the Website or accessing the Content from the EEA or other regions with laws governing personal data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your personal information to the United States and other jurisdictions in which we operate.
By providing your personal information, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Policy.
Disclosure to Third Parties.
In the course of our normal business activities, we do not share personally identifiable information about visitors to the Website with any independent third parties, other than with our agents, service providers and authorized resellers as described under "Agents, Service Providers, and Authorized Partners".
In particular, we do not sell, rent or loan personally identifiable information to independent third parties.
Nevertheless, we may have to disclose information to third parties when required by law or under the good-faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to.
conform to applicable law.
comply with a subpoena, court order, or legal process served on us.
establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
or.
protect the property, interests, or personal safety of our agents, employees, customers or the public.
Under such circumstances, we may be prohibited by law, court order or other legal process from providing notice of the disclosure, and we reserve the right to not provide such notice in our sole discretion.
We may disclose your personal information to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Zscaler's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of a bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Zscaler about our users is among the assets transferred.
In such a case, we will provide notice before your personal information is transferred to a third party and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
We also may share your information, including personal information, with any affiliate of Zscaler for purposes of providing the Products to you.
Choices about How We Use and Disclose Your Personal Information.
You may access the personal information we maintain about you that is collected from the Website, correct inaccuracies in such personal information, and have such personal information deleted.
You may also object to our processing of your personal information collected from the Website.
Please note that you may not be able to benefit from all features of the Website if you request the deletion of your personal information or object to or withdraw your consent to such processing.
If you would like to verify the personal information we have received from you or make corrections to it, you may contact us directly.
Requests to access, change, or remove your personal information will be addressed within thirty (30) days.
You may opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us by contacting us or following the unsubscribe instructions included in our marketing communications.
Your California Privacy Rights.
California Civil Code Section § 1798.
83 permits users of the Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please contact us.
Data Security.
Zscaler has implemented reasonable and appropriate physical, administrative and technical safeguards designed to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
For example, we encrypt certain sensitive personal information when we transmit such information over the Internet.
We also limit access to personal data and confidential information on our systems to only those employees with a specific need to access this information.
If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure.
Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to the Website.
Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Links to Other Websites.
The Website may contain links to other websites.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any websites other than our own.
This Policy applies only to information collected by us on the Website and not to any third party websites.
We encourage you to review the privacy statements of any such websites to understand their information practices.
Children’s Privacy.
Our Website and the Products are not intended for children under 13 years of age.
No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on our Website.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or provide any information about yourself to us.
If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.
If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us.
Contact Us.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy, please feel free to contact us by email or write to us at.
Zscaler, Inc.
Attn.
Privacy Department120 Holger Way.
Platforms & Products Zero Trust Exchange Zscaler Client Connector Zscaler Internet Access Zscaler Private Access Zscaler B2B Zscaler Cloud Protection Zscaler Digital Experience.
Platforms & Products.
Zero Trust Exchange.
Zscaler Client Connector.
Zscaler Internet Access.
Zscaler Private Access.
Zscaler B2B.
Zscaler Cloud Protection.
Zscaler Digital Experience.
Solutions Secure Work-from-Anywhere Modern Workplace Enablement Security Transformation.
Solutions.
Secure Work-from-Anywhere.
Modern Workplace Enablement.
Security Transformation.
Technologies & Capabilities Secure Access Service Edge Zero Trust Network Access Secure Web Gateways Cloud Firewall Cloud Sandbox Cloud IPS Cloud DLP Cloud Browser Isolation.
Technologies & Capabilities.
Secure Access Service Edge.
Zero Trust Network Access.
Secure Web Gateways.
Cloud Firewall.
Cloud Sandbox.
Cloud IPS.
Cloud DLP.
Cloud Browser Isolation.
Technologies & Capabilities Cloud Configuration Security Cloud Identity and Entitlements CASB SSL Inspection Advanced Threat Protection Bandwidth Control Machine Learning Security.
Technologies & Capabilities.
Cloud Configuration Security.
Cloud Identity and Entitlements.
CASB.
SSL Inspection.
Advanced Threat Protection.
Bandwidth Control.
Machine Learning Security.
Popular Links Careers About Zscaler Leadership Content Library News and Press Releases Media Kit CXO REvolutionaries Zenith Community.
Popular Links.
Careers.
About Zscaler.
Leadership.
Content Library.
News and Press Releases.
Media Kit.
CXO REvolutionaries.
Zenith Community.
Information Glossary Plans and Pricing Virtual Briefing Center Zscaler FAQs Contact Us.
Information.
Glossary.
Plans and Pricing.
Virtual Briefing Center.
Zscaler FAQs.
Contact Us.
Sitemap.
Sitemap.
Privacy.
Privacy.
Legal.
Legal.
Security.
Security.
©2022 Zscaler, Inc.
All rights reserved.
ZscalerTM and Zero Trust ExchangeTM are either (i) registered trademarks or service marks or (ii) trademarks or service marks of Zscaler, Inc.
in the United States and/or other countries.
Any other trademarks are the properties of their respective owners.
