homedata centre monitoring & controlpower monitoringcapacity managementfire panel monitoringrefrigeration monitoringtelecom monitoring & controlenergy management systembuilding management systems
data centre monitoring & control
power monitoring
capacity management
fire panel monitoring
refrigeration monitoring
telecom monitoring & control
energy management system
building management systems
solutionssmartboxsmartset modulesdatasheetsnewscase studies
smartbox
smartset modulesdatasheetsnews
modules
datasheets
news
case studies
buypartnersend user licence agreementterms and conditions of salesoftware maintenance agreement
partners
end user licence agreement
terms and conditions of sale
software maintenance agreement
news
privacy policy
privacy policy
general data protection regulation
gdpr is new european union legislation that comes into force on 25th may 2018 to regulate the use and storage of personal data by private and public sector organisations within member states of the european union. for the most part it does not differ from existing data protection law in the uk. the prime purpose of the legislation is to regulate businesses selling to consumers and not the business to business activity carried out by 4ng limited. however, like most eu legislation, gdpr has been deliberately drafted in such way to allow individual eu states to implement it according to local conditions. this means that its rulings are often ambiguous and open to different interpretations. the executive directors at 4ng have reviewed our data protection policies in line with gdpr and taken the following actions.
4ng gdpr statement
4ng limited is committed to protecting all its customers, suppliers and team members by maintaining best practice data protection processes in line with all uk and eu law including gdpr.4ng is engaged in selling goods and services to corporate and public sector enterprises and all marketing activity is directed at these enterprises. in the legitimate pursuit of this business 4ng may hold data on individuals working in these organisations. this data is limited to name, job title, organization email address and telephone numbers. we do not hold personal data such as home addresses or any personal credit card or bank details.4ng has undertaken a review of its data protection policy and implemented the following;• reviewed what data we hold• identified how this data was collected• reviewed how we communicate that this data is only used for the legitimate pursuit of business to business activity• reviewed our processes for responding to requests to delete, amend or restrict data.• reviewed our processes for providing access to data when legitimate requests are made• reviewed our legitimate use of data for business to business activity• reviewed our consent mechanism. 4ng has interpreted that the gdpr consent guidelines do not wholly apply to b2b activity and that our unsubscribe policy meets best practice and legislative guidelines.• reviewed our security and ability to prevent, detect and report data breaches in line with gdpr and iso27001• reviewed the need for a data protection impact assessment• reviewed our international data
google analytics
when someone visits www.4ng.co.uk we use a third party service, google analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. we do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. this information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. we do not make, and do not allow google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
ip addresses and cookies
we may collect information about your computer, including where available your ip address, operating system and browser type, for system administration.
we may use ‘cookies’ to monitor how people use our website. most websites use cookies. they help us to understand how our customers and potential customers use our website so we can develop and improve the design, layout and function of the sites. we may, for example, use cookies to store registration information so that you do not have to provide it to us on subsequent visits.
a cookie is a piece of information that is stored on your computer’s hard drive which records how you have used a website. this means that when you go back to that website, it can give you tailored options based on the information it has stored about your last visit.
if you do not want us to use cookies in your browser, you can normally set your browser to reject cookies or to tell you when a website tries to put a cookie on your computer. however, you may not be able to use some of the products or services on our website without cookies.
for information about how to disable cookies in your browser please visit the www.aboutcookies.org website.
most browsers automatically accept cookies. you can prevent cookies from being stored on your computer or device by setting your browser to not accept cookies. some browsers provide a mode where cookies are always deleted after a visit.
home
buy
about us
privacy policy
