product technologyiot and network edge platformsmodbus integration gatewaywireless sensing solutionsiot integration gatewaysmartworx hubethernet serial serverscellular & intelligent gatewaysrouters & gatewaysintelligence insidedevice management softwaredevice connectivityserial conversionisolators & surge suppressionindustrial usbnetwork infrastructureethernet switches & extendersmanagement softwarewired ethernet routersfiber media conversionembedded automation computersindustrial computersindustrial wirelessairborne m2mzlinx rf modems and i/otelematicsstreamer intelematixeco-partner network solutions
iot and network edge platformsmodbus integration gatewaywireless sensing solutionsiot integration gatewaysmartworx hubethernet serial serverscellular & intelligent gatewaysrouters & gatewaysintelligence insidedevice management softwaredevice connectivityserial conversionisolators & surge suppressionindustrial usbnetwork infrastructureethernet switches & extendersmanagement softwarewired ethernet routersfiber media conversionembedded automation computersindustrial computersindustrial wirelessairborne m2mzlinx rf modems and i/otelematicsstreamer intelematixeco-partner network solutions
iot and network edge platformsmodbus integration gatewaywireless sensing solutionsiot integration gatewaysmartworx hubethernet serial servers
modbus integration gateway
wireless sensing solutions
iot integration gateway
smartworx hub
ethernet serial servers
cellular & intelligent gatewaysrouters & gatewaysintelligence insidedevice management software
routers & gateways
intelligence inside
device management software
device connectivityserial conversionisolators & surge suppressionindustrial usb
serial conversion
isolators & surge suppression
industrial usb
network infrastructureethernet switches & extendersmanagement softwarewired ethernet routersfiber media conversion
ethernet switches & extenders
management software
wired ethernet routers
fiber media conversion
embedded automation computersindustrial computers
industrial computers
industrial wirelessairborne m2mzlinx rf modems and i/o
airborne m2m
zlinx rf modems and i/o
telematicsstreamer intelematix
streamer intelematix
eco-partner network solutions
solutionsintegrating decision analyticssmart sensingcellularremote monitoringretrofit legacy equipmentnetwork extensionmanaging mobile assetspoint of sale managementm2m
integrating decision analytics
smart sensing
cellular
remote monitoring
retrofit legacy equipment
network extension
managing mobile assets
point of sale management
m2m
learning centerlearning center homewhite papers & webinarscustomer support portaltechnical resourcestechnical documentationsoftware & firmwareknowledge base q&ab+b blog: econnections
learning center home
white papers & webinars
customer support portal
technical resourcestechnical documentationsoftware & firmwareknowledge base q&a
technical documentation
software & firmware
knowledge base q&a
b+b blog: econnections
partnersfind a partnerpartner portalecosystem technology partnerspartner reference designs
find a partner
partner portal
ecosystem technology partners
partner reference designs
companyabout usmeet the teamscheduled eventsnewsroomlocationshistorycareerscontact usterms & conditionswarrantyvendor purchase order terms and conditionspurchase order terms and conditionsprivacy policy
about us
meet the team
scheduled events
newsroom
locations
history
careers
contact us
terms & conditionswarrantyvendor purchase order terms and conditionspurchase order terms and conditionsprivacy policy
warranty
vendor purchase order terms and conditions
purchase order terms and conditions
privacy policy
privacy policy
by sharing our privacy policy, we hope to help you understand how information can create new opportunities for our customers, as well as to reassure you that we respect and honor customer requests to restrict and protect personal information.
our perspective has always been and continues to be about enhancing our customers’ experience before and after purchase.
getting to know yougetting to know what you likeinformation at your serviceinformation secure under lock and keyupdate your informationinformation sharinginformation sharing is up to youremove your name from our lists at any timeprotecting children’s privacycookies are servedpartnershipslinks to sites and servicesprivacy policy updatesquestions anyone?
getting to know youwhen you make a purchase at b+b smartworx, or answer one of our surveys, you may choose to give us basic information: name, email address, mailing address, zip code, phone, and credit card numbers. this allows us to process your transactions more efficiently, and ultimately, to give you a higher caliber of customer service. when you visit our web site, we may collect more information: your internet service provider’s address, the name of the web page directing you, as well as your clicks and activity on our site. this tracking data helps us understand how to make our site more available and user friendly to our customers.back to top
getting to know what you likewe also gather customer information by taking note of the purchases you make. think of it as engineering service where customer preferences are remembered for future consideration. by looking at your purchases in context with marketing demographics or with information from companies whose products and services you may be interested in, it helps our engineers continue to seek out products you may benefit from.
in order to serve you better, we may at times contract with other companies to help us process information. for instance, their assistance can help us better fulfill customer orders, manage and enhance customer data, and comply with postal regulations. for your security, these companies are bound by our non-disclosure agreements or contractual arrangements to provide privacy protection for your information.back to top
information at your servicethe personal information we collect is primarily intended to offer better customer service and to improve communications. the customer information from b+b and our affiliates is combined to provide greater security and inform customers of products and services that may interest them. when a purchased item is not immediately available, many of our customers appreciate receiving an email to update the status of their order. we also may need to contact customers by phone, postal mail, or email if questions arise regarding their orders.
when you order from our catalogs, or visit us online, it is also an opportunity for you to provide us with information and feedback that helps us continue to provide out-of-the-box solutions and unique products for your technical needs. and if we don’t have it, we can probably build it for you!back to top
information secure under lock and key
we take all reasonable steps to protect our customers’ personal information against loss, misuse, and alteration. we use encryption technology whenever receiving and transferring your personal information on our site. standard network security practices have been followed.back to top
update your informationupdating your contact information is quick and easy. just contact us, including your previous and current full name, mailing address, email address and phone number. please understand updates may take from one to two weeks to process from the date of request receipt. a written request may be directed to b+b smartworx, po box 1040, ottawa, il 61350 or call 815-433-5100           .back to top
information sharinginformation sharing can provide a valuable type of consumer networking. by helping to make new connections and introduce new resources to our customers, you may discover new opportunities and products compatible with your interests and needs. with that end in mind, when you purchase an item, your customer information is shared with other select companies whose products and services you may find useful.back to top
information sharing is up to youwe appreciate and respect that not all customers may wish to benefit from the opportunity to share information with other select companies. if you do not want b+b smartworx to share your customer information, please immediately contact us and we will remove your name from lists we share with other companies. after the one to two week time period it takes to process your request, your information will no longer be shared. when contacting us, please clearly state your request, including your name, mailing address, email address, and phone number.
back to top
remove your name from our lists at any timeto delete your name from the b+b smartworx email mailing list, click here. to request to have your name removed from the catalog mailing list, simply contact us. please provide your full name, mailing address, email address, and phone number. we appreciate your patience as it may take up to one to two weeks to process your request from the date of receipt. when you make subsequent purchases at b+b smartworx, you may provide contact information for customer service only and request that your name not be forwarded to either mailing list.back to top
protecting children’s privacyb+b smartworx adheres to a strict privacy code regarding children and does not knowingly accept personal information from any child. if it is brought to our attention that a subscriber is under age, we will immediately remove all personal and identifiable information from our records in compliance with the online children’s privacy protection act of 1998. in addition, we will not disclose this information to any other companies.back to top
cookies are served“cookies” are small amounts of data that are stored on your computer. they find their way to your browser via a web server. they sound friendly and helpful because they are. they flag information about your activity on our web site. this information helps us improve our site and make it friendlier and easier to use. we never use cookies to save passwords, credit card numbers or other highly confidential information.back to top
partnershipswe currently contract with several online partners to help manage and optimize our internet business and communications.
we use an email management service provider to send emails that you have agreed to receive. web cookies are used in those email messages and at our web site to help us measure the effectiveness of those emails.
we also contract with an analytics service to help us assess visitation to our b+b smartworx site. to do this, we place small pixel tags and cookies on our site. while these do allow hit box to track your visits, the data retrieved cannot be used for any reason without our authorization.back to top
links to sites and servicesat times, we provide links our customers may be interested in. b+b smartworx is not responsible for these sites. if you choose to explore these sites and services, we suggest that you carefully review their individual privacy policies.back to top
privacy policy updatesefforts to bring new services, ideas and partners to benefit our customers may make it necessary to amend our privacy policy. if this occurs, we will post the new policy on our web site. once posted, the new policy will go into effect immediately, replacing any previously stated policy.back to top
questions anyone?if you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, we will do our best to answer them. here’s how to contact us.
phone:customer service department815-433-5100           , 5 days a week7:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. cst, monday through friday
email:[email protected]
address:b+b smartworxp.o. box 1040ottawa, il 61350
advantech b+b smartworx headquarters
ottawa, il, usaphone: 1-800-346-3119fax: 815-433-5109email: [email protected]
advantech corporateheadquarters
no. 1, alley 20, lane 26,rueiguang road, neihu district,taipei 11491, taiwan, r.o.c.toll free: 0800-777-111
international sales
oranmore, co. galway, irelandphone: +353 91 792444fax: +353 91 792445email: [email protected]phone: 886-2-2792-7818
let’s talk
as part of the advantech family, b+b smartworx provides dramatic new capabilities and layers of sophistication for improved efficiency and productivity in intelligent, industrial networking applications.
contact us >
stay connected
