call aerodyne now on +44 (0)1778 422 000                    email us at sales@aerodyneuk.com
0 enquiry items
latest news
contact

our storyour storyour peoplecareers
our story
our people
careers
news
truck aerodynamics
reduce your co2 & save your fuelreduce your co2 & save your fuelcase studiesfuel saving calculator
reduce your co2 & save your fuel
case studies
fuel saving calculator
testimonialswhat our clients say
what our clients say
product range                                 citroen/peugeot                                                             daf                                                             fiat                                                             ford                                                             fuso                                                             isuzu                                                             iveco                                                             saic                                                             man                                                             mercedes                                                             nissan                                                             renault                                                             scania - new gen                                                             vauxhall                                                             vw                                                             volvo                                                             fef                                                             aeromatic auto-adjust deflector                                                             sideskirts                                                             trailer aerodynamics                                                             mirror guards                                                             other products
design solutions
gallery
video
home > privacy policy
privacy policy
general privacy policy of aerodyne group ltd and its subsidiaries and aerodyne equipment applying also to websites belonging to any of those companies
for the purposes of this notice,
aerodyne group ltd includes its subsidiaries aerodyne global ltd and nojerm ltd, and the separate partnership aerodyne equipment. when the text refers to ‘we’, ‘us’, ‘our’ , ‘ours’ and similar, the pronoun includes any and all of aerodyne group ltd., aerodyne global ltd., nojerm ltd and aerodyne equipment. this website is owned by aerodyne global ltd.
references in this notice to the data protection act 2018 includes the general data protection regulations (gdpr) as they apply in the uk.

what is this privacy policy for?
this privacy policy is for our websites and is issued by us and governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it. we take your privacy seriously and take steps to comply with the gdpr regulations which came into force in may 2018.
the policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the website and website owners. furthermore the way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information will also be detailed within this policy.
this privacy policy will be updated by the data controller when necessary; always refer to this page for the updated version. last updated on 17/11/2021.

if you have any questions please contact us:
aerodyne group ltd
innovation house
tunnel bank
bourne, lincolnshire, pe10 0dj
telephone 0044 (0)1778 422000
email: sales@aerodyneuk.com

you may also wish to contact the information commissioners office for information about gdpr, see below.

the website
this website and its owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience. this website complies with all uk national laws and requirements for user privacy, including gdpr regulations.

information we may gather from you and process
name and company name
contact information including postal address/email address/ phone numbers (landline and/or mobile)
job title /role within your company
demographic information, such as postcode, preferences and interests
cookies
website usage data
other information relevant to client enquiries
the reason for your enquiry, e.g. details of your project or needs
other information pertaining to special offers and surveys
credit/debit card information

how we use this information and purposes for which we process it
for our own internal records
to improve the products and services we provide
to contact you in response to a specific enquiry
to customise the website for you
to send you promotional emails about products, services, offers and other things we think may be relevant to you
we use google analytics to collect user information about visitor behaviour on our website. please see our cookie policy, as available on this website.

legal basis for processing the data
the basis for processing your data is legitimate interest, in that it is in the furtherance of our business and will enable us to market our products and services and inform you of new products, special offers, information relating to products you may have bought from us etc.
another basis, where it applies is that of consent, where you have given us permission to contact you.
in the case where we already have commercial dealings with you, we may process the data on the basis of contract, and also of legal obligation.

processors of the data
we are normally the only the processors of the data. your details will not be normally passed on to any third parties. however, we store them in our ‘goldvision’ crm system, which is on the cloud, and is backed up regularly.
we will only pass any of this data on (and only so much of it as is necessary) as needed for the normal purposes of operating a commercial enterprise, or are required to by law, for example to our financial, legal, or other advisors and consultants, and government departments. this would be on the basis of legitimate interest and/or legal requirement.

cross border transfers
we will not transfer this data outside of the eea. should the data commercially or legally need to be shared with another party, for example our accountants, any further transfer would be subject to that party’s gdpr policies.

retention period
we will retain the data securely until such time as it is no longer needed, or is inapplicable, or until you request us to delete it under your ‘right to be forgotten’

your rights under gdpr
these are:-
access. you may require us to tell you what data about you we are processing, if your request is reasonable.
rectification. you may require us to correct or update data about you.
erasure. in certain circumstances you may ask us to delete data we hold about you.
restriction of processing. in certain circumstances you may have a right to restrict what is done with the data.
data portability. you have the right to obtain a copy of the data so as to transfer it to another controller in a commonly-used format.
object to processing. you have the right to object to certain types of marketing for example, and we have to consider the request and justify our decision.
automated decision making including profiling. in certain circumstances, right to object to significant decisions made solely by automated means.
compensation. right to claim compensation for damages caused by infringement of the regulations by the data controller or processor.

whether a statutory or a contractual requirement.
our privacy notices and policies are due to a statutory requirement.
whether there is automated decision making and under what logic.
there is no automated decision making currently.

use of cookies
this website uses cookies to better the user’s experience while visiting the website. where applicable, this website uses a cookie control system allowing the user on their first visit to the website to allow or disallow the use of cookies on their computer / device. this complies with recent legislation requirements for websites to obtain explicit consent from users before leaving behind or reading files such as cookies on a user’s computer / device.
cookies are small files saved to the user’s computer’s hard drive that track, that save and store information about the user’s interactions and usage of the website. this allows the website, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website.
users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website onto their computer’s hard drive, they should take necessary steps within their web browser’s security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors.
this website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. this software is provided by google analytics, which uses cookies to track visitor usage. the software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information. you can read google’s privacy policy here for further information http://www.google.com/privacy.html.
other cookies may be stored to your computer’s hard drive by external vendors when this website uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts. such cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may take longer. no personal information is stored, saved or collected.

contact & communication
users contacting this website and/or its owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time when it is no longer required or has no use, as detailed in the gdpr and in the data protection act 2018. every effort has been made to ensure a safe and secure form to email submission process but we advise users using such form to email processes that they do so at their own risk.
this website and its owners use any information submitted to provide you with further information about the products / services they offer or to assist you in answering any questions or queries you may have submitted. this includes using your details to subscribe you to any email newsletter program the website operates but only if this was made clear to you and your express permission was granted when submitting any form to email process. if you the consumer have previously purchased from or enquired about purchasing from us a product or service that we offer, we will contact you at our discretion on the basis of legitimate interest unless you request us not to. this is by no means an entire list of your user rights in regards to receiving email marketing material.

email newsletter
this website operates an email newsletter program, used to inform subscribers about products and services supplied by this website. users can subscribe through an online automated process should they wish to do so but do so at their own discretion. some subscriptions may be manually processed through prior written agreement with the user.
subscriptions are taken in compliance with uk spam laws detailed in the privacy and electronic communications regulations 2003. all personal details relating to subscriptions are held securely and in accordance with the data protection act 2018. apart from what is stated in ‘processors of the data’, above, no personal details are passed on to third parties or shared with companies / people outside of aerodyne group ltd. under the data protection act 2018, you may request a copy of personal information held about you by this website’s email newsletter program. if you would like a copy of the information held on you, please write to the business address in the footer of this website.
email marketing campaigns published by this website or its owners may contain tracking facilities within the actual email. subscriber activity is tracked and stored in a database for future analysis and evaluation. such tracked activity may include; the opening of emails, forwarding of emails, the clicking of links within the email content, times, dates and frequency of activity [this is by no means a comprehensive list]. this information is used to refine future email campaigns and supply the user with more relevant content based around their activity.
in compliance with uk spam laws and the privacy and electronic communications regulations 2003, subscribers are given the opportunity to unsubscribe at any time through an automated system. this process is detailed at the footer of each email campaign. if an automated un-subscription system is unavailable, clear instructions on how to unsubscribe will be detailed instead.

controlling information about you
to opt out of receiving communication from us, by email, text, post or telephone, please email sales@aerodyneuk.com or write to us at aerodyne group ltd, innovation house, tunnel bank, bourne, lincs., pe10 0dj, detailing the media of communication that you do not want us to use for you in future.
to opt out of this website collecting cookies, please activate the relevant setting on your browser to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. please note this may affect access to parts of this website.

external links
although this website only looks to include good quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised to adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website. (external links are clickable text / banner / image links to other websites).
the owners of this website cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite their best efforts. users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.

adverts and sponsored links
this website may contain sponsored links and adverts. these will typically be served through our advertising partners, who may have detailed privacy policies relating directly to the adverts they serve.
clicking on any such adverts will send you to the advertiser’s website through a referral program which may use cookies and will track the number of referrals sent from this website. this may include the use of cookies which may in turn be saved on your computer’s hard drive. users should therefore note they click on sponsored external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.

social media platforms
communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate in are subject to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. neither this website nor its owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
this website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.

shortened links in social media
this website and its owners through their social media platform accounts may share web links to relevant web pages. by default some social media platforms shorten lengthy urls [web addresses].
users are advised to take caution and good judgement before clicking any shortened urls published on social media platforms by this website and its owners. despite the best efforts to ensure only genuine urls are published, many social media platforms are prone to spam and hacking and therefore this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any shortened links.

resources & further information
information commissioners office www.ico.org.uk
data protection act 2018 and gdpr
privacy and electronic communications regulations 2003
privacy and electronic communications regulations 2003 – the guide
google privacy policy

ambrose kingston 17/11/2021

our story
careers
truck aerodynamics
reduce your co2 & save your fuel
case studies
savings calculator
testimonials
product range
design solutions
gallery
latest news
terms & conditions
aerodyne global ltd, innovation house, tunnel bank, bourne, lincolnshire pe10 0dj, ukemail sales@aerodyneuk.comphone +44 (0)1778 422 000fax +44 (0)1778 422 100
“we really appreciate the expertise and support shown by your team in advising us”
content copyright – © 2022 aerodyne | conditions of use | cookie policy | contact | privacy policy
privacy overview
necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.
any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
