hospitals & clinicsprotectioninfantspatientsstafffall managementrtlsasset managementtemperature & environmental monitoringhand hygiene compliance monitoringpatient flowstaff workflowcloud monitoringinventory management
protectioninfantspatientsstaff
infants
patients
staff
fall management
rtlsasset managementtemperature & environmental monitoringhand hygiene compliance monitoringpatient flowstaff workflow
asset management
temperature & environmental monitoring
hand hygiene compliance monitoring
patient flow
staff workflow
cloud monitoring
inventory management
senior livingwander managementfall managementemergency & nurse call
wander management
fall management
emergency & nurse call
our priorities
support and training
aeroscout rtls
the aeroscout real-time locating system (rtls) platform is the leading wi-fi based solution for monitoring the location and status of people, assets and environments across the enterprise.
asset management
enterprise healthcare asset tracking to reduce costs and transform management of mobile assets.
learn more

temperature monitoring and environmental monitoring
ensure safe storage of pharmaceuticals, vaccines, etc. and monitor a variety of other environments and equipment with 24/7 wireless monitoring.
learn more

patient flow
improve patient experience and throughput in the or, ed and clinics with real-time visibility into the location and status of patients, caregivers, key equipment and rooms/bays.
learn more

staff workflow
understand the location of caregivers to optimize workflow, automate nurse call functionality and maximize reimbursement.
learn more

hand hygiene compliance monitoring
drive patient safety and turn caregivers into hand hygiene champions through accurate, continuous and objective hand hygiene monitoring.
learn more
powered by mobileview
mobileview is the software platform for all the aeroscout rtls solutions, as well as our protection solutions such as hugs and staff protection. combining visual controls, real-time alerting, and extensive reporting, it drives true enterprise visibility.
learn more

comprehensive integrations
the mobileview platform offers built-in integrations to a wide range of hospital information systems (his), and supports custom integrations. drive greater safety and security, operational efficiency and optimized workflows.
learn more

all brands
explore
company
brands
products
resources
footer middle
partners
insights blog
careers
network
stanley black & decker
stanley security
stanley healthcare us
stay up-to-date
sign up
connect

