aewin
product
solutions
application
press
about
contact
network appliance
server
edge ai guide
expansion module
other module
workload optimization
edge ai
network computing
sd-wan
nfvi
mec/edge ai
5g/vran
press room
exhibitions
tech blog
white paper
company profile
about us
worldwide office
odm / oem services
careers
privacy policy
your privacy
at aewin website, we believe you have a right to know what type of information we may collect when you interact with us and our practices with respect to that information. the guidelines contained herein apply only to the aewin websites. sites which are linked to/from aewin websites and via banner ads may have different policies; therefore, please review the privacy policy notices on those sites for details. in order to participate in aewin websites, it will be necessary for you to provide certain personally identifiable information, including your name, e-mail address, age, mailing address, city, state and zip code and aewin websites username and password. if you choose not to provide this information, you will not be able to participate in aewin websites.
collection of information:
for each visitor to the aewin website, aewin’ web server automatically recognizes, collects and/or stores information such as the visitor’s ip address/domain name combination and any referring sites. aewin may use several technologies to accomplish this. examples of such technologies are cookies and web beacons. when you visit aewin’ websites or advertisements appearing thereon, or use one or more of the aewin website services, or receive e-mails from aewin we may use an industry-wide technology called “cookies” which stores certain information on your computer and which will allow us to customize your experience to better match your interests and preferences or to simply facilitate your signing in to use the services. most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. however, if you block or erase cookies, we may not be able to restore any preferences or customization settings you previously specified and our ability to personalize your online experience would be limited. please refer to your browser instructions or “help” screen to learn more about these functions. aewin may also itself use, or engage third parties to use, web beacons for researching certain usage and activities on our website. the information collected by aewin or requested from third parties through these web beacons is in an aggregate, non-individually identifiable form and is used to find out more about users including demographic information and usage patterns for more accurate reporting and to improve the effectiveness of our marketing. aewin may also itself use, or engage third parties to use, pixel tags or other technology to research or track your usage activities with respect to e-mails from us. aewin may ask you to provide “personal information”, meaning individually identifiable information such as your e-mail address, name, mailing address, telephone number, social security number, credit card number, or persistent identifier (such as a customer number held in a cookie) which is associated with individually identifiable information, to enable you to participate in contests, on bulletin boards, to fill out a registration, or to order products and services using these sites. aewin may combine the information you provide on our websites with information we may collect offline from you or from third parties so that we can more effectively tailor our site, services and offerings to you.
aewin will not share the personal information you provide with any other parties, except
(a) to other affiliated aewin companies (i.e., (i) aewin corporation, (ii) any company of which 50% or more of its outstanding shares are owned by aewin corporation, directly or indirectly, and (iii) any company with the name “aewin” as a part of its trade name) who may want to contact you about products, services or other offerings that may be of interest to you (aewin and such affiliates being collectively referred to as “aewin”), (b) with your consent (see paragraph below), (c) as may be required by law or court order, (d) to persons or companies with whom aewin engages to carry out or provide support for the operations of the sites or our business, or (e) to appropriate third parties, including law enforcement or other government agencies, in connection with a criminal investigation, fraud prevention, or other legal action or if aewin reasonably believes it is necessary to do so to protect aewin, its customers, or the public.
unless you instruct us otherwise,
aewin may contact you to provide information about products, services, promotions, contests, or other activities or offerings that may be of interest to you. you can instruct us as to your contact preferences by checking or un-checking the box indicating your preference, as applicable, at the time you register to join aewin and thereafter by visiting the your profile web page, accessing the messaging tab and checking or un-checking the box indicating your preference, as applicable. in addition, with each communication you receive from aewin, you will be given the opportunity to indicate if you do not wish to receive future communications from aewin.
with your consent,
aewin may share your personal information with third parties outside of the aewin group of companies who may want to contact you about products, services or other offerings that may be of interest to you. each of these companies may have their own privacy policies. aewin will seek to obtain your consent at the time you register to join aewin either by an “opt-out” or “opt-in” method, or by other means (such as an e-mail request). if you consent to receiving communications from any of these third parties, you will need to communicate with them directly if you later decide that you no longer wish to receive their communications. if you wish to withdraw your consent from any further sharing of your personal information with third parties, you may do so by visiting the your profile web page, accessing the messaging tab and checking or un-checking the box indicating your preference, as applicable. to change or update the personal information you ha
to change or update the personal information you have provided to aewin,
please visit your profile web page and click on the appropriate tab for the information you wish to revise or update.
use and disclosure of anonymous aggregated information
aewin may also collect, aggregate and maintain anonymous information about you, such as your hobbies, interests, purchasing habits, music preferences, and the like. this data can then be used to tailor aewin reward’s promotions, advertising, and communications to deliver a better experience for you. aewin may also share such aggregate information with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties; for example, to inform them about the percentage of male/female visitors to our site or the percentage of visitors within a particular age range.
security
aewin takes great care in maintaining the security of your personal information and in preventing unauthorized access to it through the use of appropriate technology and internal procedures. however, aewin does not guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur.
notice to/regarding children under the age of 13
aewin is open only to individuals who are 13 years of age and older. if you are under 13 years of age, any information you submit will not be retained by aewin.
aewin believes that children using the internet require special protection, and we urge parents or guardians to explain internet safety to their children.
parents are urged to spend time online with their children to become familiar with the types of content available on the internet. control tools are available from online services and software manufacturers to help create a safer environment for children.
policy governs use: changes to privacy policy
the terms of this policy will govern the use and any information collected while it is in place. aewin reserves the right to change this policy at any time, so please re-visit this page as often as you wish. in case of any material change, we will change the “last update” date in this privacy policy and/or post a notice on the site. changes to this privacy policy are effective as of the stated “last update” date and your continued use aewin on or after the “last update” date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.
notice to california residents – your california privacy rights:
if you are a california resident, you have the right to receive: a) information identifying any third party company(ies) to whom aewin may have disclosed, within the past year, personal information pertaining to you and your family for that company’s direct marketing purposes; and b) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed. to obtain such information, please e-mail your request via the contact link of aewin website.
questions:
if you have any questions or comments about our personal information practices or about this privacy policy, please feel free to write us at:
aewin technologies no. 133, section 2, datong road, xizhi district, new taipei city 221 taiwan taiwan
introduction
what is personal data
who we are
personal data we process
lawful basis for the processing of personal data
purposes of the processing of personal data
storage of personal data
data sharing with third parties
security measures
your rights as data subject
contact us
changes in the privacy statement
complaints

introduction
introduction
we, as aewin technologies co., ltd, are pleased that you are interested in our company, products and service. it is important to us to protect your personal data you have provided to us. in this privacy statement we will explain how we collect, use, and protect your personal data.
we will also explain which rights you have with regards to your personal data and how you can exercise those rights.
what is personal data
what is personal data
personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. this includes information such as your real name, address, telephone number and date of birth. information which cannot be linked to your real identity – such as favourite websites or number of users of a site – is not considered personal data.
who we are
who we are
this privacy statement is applicable to all personal data processing by aewin technologies co., ltd, including all subsidiary office worldwide. our registered office address is: aewin technologies co., ltd. 9f, no. 133, section 2, datong road, xizhi district, new taipei city 221 taiwan
if you have questions about how we process personal data, or would like to exercise your data subject rights, please email us at sales@aewinlastest.local.tw
personal data we process
personal data we process
we process personal data of you because you’ve given us your data for entering a contract with us, providing you our services, or we received your personal data from third parties in order for us to provide you services and support of our products. furthermore you might have given us personal data in order for us to customize our services and products based on your preferences and interest.
we process the following personal data:
name and address
contact details (e-mail, telephone number)
company name
company address
payment information (optional)
furthermore when you make use of our products / services we process, depending the use you make of the product / services, the following data that might be seen as personal data:
technical information, including the internet protocol (ip) address used to connect your device to the internet;
your browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions;
operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the uniform resource locators (url) clickstream to, through, and from our site.
technical information
in addition, and in order to ensure that each visitor to any of our websites can use and navigate the site effectively, we use tracking software to determine how many users visit our website and how often. we do not use this software to collect personal data or individual ip addresses. the data are used solely in anonymous and /or summarized form.
our cookies policy, which can be viewed from the home page of each of our web sites, describes in detail how we use cookies.
lawful basis for the processing of personal data
lawful basis for the processing of personal data
the processing of the personal data is based on the following grounds as defined under article 6 general data protection regulation (gdpr):
consent
performance of a contract
compliance with a legal obligation
vital interests of data subject or other natural person
legitimate interest of aewin technologies co., ltd. or third party
legitimate interests are for example: marketing, security, it-management, product improvements, legal proceedings, internal business processes.

purposes of the processing of personal data
purposes of the processing of personal data
we collect personal data from you for one or more of the following purposes mentioned below. the numbers behind each purpose are references to the lawful basis as mentioned previously (article 5)
to provide you with information that you have requested; [1,2]
to provide you with information which we think may be relevant to a subject in which you have demonstrated an interest;[1,2,5]
to initiate and complete commercial transactions with you, or the entity that you represent, for the purchase of products and/or services;[2]
to fulfil a contract that we have entered into with you or with the entity that you represent;[2,3]
to fulfil agreements with you for the service and support of our products;[2,3,5]]
to ensure the security and safe operation of our websites and underlying business infrastructure;[5]
to manage any communication between you and us, and[2,5]
to optimize our service offerings. [5]
storage of personal data
storage of personal data
we store personal data in accordance with our own data retention policy taking into account specific legal requirements, e.g. tax regulation.
data sharing with third parties
data sharing with third parties
we do not share, sell, transfer or otherwise disseminate your personal data to third parties and will not do so in future, unless required by law, unless required for the purpose of the contract, providing you services or unless you have given explicit consent to do so. for instance, it may be necessary to pass on your address and order data to our contractors when you order products.
our business partners are subject to their privacy policy. we encourage you to review their privacy policy before the transaction. in particular all paypal transactions are subject to the paypal privacy policy.
external service providers that process data on our behalf are contractually obliged to maintain strict confidentiality as per art. 28 gdpr.
we might share your personal data within the aewin technologies co., ltd. in order to execute a contract with your, perform services or because of legitimate interests of aewin technologies co., ltd. ( e.g. to have a centralized customer services administration.)
we may access and process your personal data on a global basis as necessary for the purposes listed in this statement. to the extent such global processing involves a transfer of personal data to our affiliates or third parties located outside the eea that have not received a binding adequacy decision by the european commission, such transfers are subject to (i) eu standard contractual clauses; or (ii) other binding and appropriate transfer mechanisms that provide an adequate level of protection in compliance with gdpr, such as approved binding corporate rules.
security measures
security measures
we take all of the necessary technical and organizational security measures in order to protect your personal data. your data is stored in a secure operating environment which is not publicly accessible. we also use encryption where feasible to secure personal information in transit. please be advised, however, although we take reasonable steps to protect your information, no website, internet transmission, computer system, or wireless connection is completely secure. in the unfortunate event that your personally data is compromised, we will notify you in the most expedient time reasonable under the circumstances.
your rights as a data subject
your rights as a data subject
as a data subject whose personal information we hold, you have certain rights. if you wish to exercise any of these rights, please email sales@aewin.com or use the information supplied in the ‘contact us’ section below with your request for exercising your right. your rights are as follows:
the right of access
you may request insight in the personal data we hold about you free of charge. if there are exceptional circumstances that mean we can refuse to provide the information, we will explain them. if requests are frivolous or vexatious, we reserve the right to refuse them. if answering requests is likely to require additional time or occasions unreasonable expense (which you may have to meet), we will inform you.
the right to rectification
when you believe we hold inaccurate or incomplete personal information about you, you may request us to correct or complete this data. this may be used with the right to restrict processing to make sure that incorrect/incomplete information is not processed until it is corrected.
the right to erasure (the ‘right to be forgotten’)
where no overriding legal basis or legitimate reason continues to exist for processing personal data, you may request that we delete the personal data. we will take all reasonable steps to ensure erasure.
the right to restrict processing
you may ask us to stop processing your personal data. we will still hold the data, but will not process it any further. this right is an alternative to the right to erasure. if one of the following conditions applies you may exercise the right to restrict processing:
a) the accuracy of the personal data is contested
b) processing of the personal data is unlawful
c) we no longer need the personal data for processing but the personal data is required for part of a legal process
d) the right to object has been exercised and processing is restricted pending a decision on the status of the processing
the right to data portability
you may request a copy of your set of personal data that aewin processes. we will provide the personal data in a commonly used and machine-readable format. this will be personal data that we have processed based on your consent or for fulfilment of a contractual obligation that we have with you.
the right to object
you have the right to object to our processing of your data where:
processing is based on legitimate interest;
processing is for the purpose of direct marketing;
processing involves automated decision-making and profiling.
identification
for each request you make we may ask you to identify yourself. the purpose for this is to confirm who you are so that your personal data is not shared with other persons and to ensure that any data changes are made to the correct records.
withdrawal of your consent
you are always able to withdraw your consent to process your personal data. if you wish to revoke your consent, just let us know via one of the communication channels and we will not process your personal data any longer. this is only applicable on the personal data which is processed with consent.
terms
we will respond to your requests as soon as possible but no later than one month. if we do not meet this deadline, we will let you know before the expiry of the deadline. it may be that due to the complexity or size of your requests, the response period will be up to three months.
contact us
contact us
any comments, questions or suggestions about this privacy policy or our handling of your personal data should be emailed to sales@aewin.com.tw alternatively, you can contact us at our office using the following postal address:
add : aewin technologies co., ltd.9f, no. 133, section 2, datong road, xizhi district, new taipei city 221 taiwan
phone : +886-2-8692-6677
12. changes in the privacy statement
we do our utmost best to keep this privacy statement as accurate and correct as possible. therefore it might be necessary to update our statement.
aewin technologies co., ltd. reserves the right to make changes at any time and without prior notice. so check regularly if changes have been made.
complaints
complaints
should you wish to discuss a complaint, please feel free to contact us using the details provided above. all complaints will be treated in a confidential manner.

should you feel unsatisfied with our handling of your data, or about any complaint that you have made to us about our handling of your data, you are entitled to escalate your complaint to a supervisory authority within the european union. for more information please go to the website of the  autoriteit persoonsgegevens for more information.
著作權
© 2008 年。其陽科技股份有限公司保留所有權利。影像、聲音、文字、圖片、動畫、影片，及其在 其陽科技股份有限公司網站上的排列，均受國內法律、國際條約或其他法律之著作權保護。本網站之內容不得進行複製、加工處理、修改或將存取權授於第三者用於商業用途。其陽科技股份有限公司網站上亦含有著作權屬於第三方之圖片。
免責聲明
其陽科技股份有限公司特此排除與本網站所提供之服務相關的各種條件、保證或其他條款。本網站所提供之服務，或據稱將提供之服務，或未能提供服務，或延宕提供服務，其陽科技股份有限公司皆不負其責；以上事項如有另以成文法、一般法或其他法律將其提示於或列入合約條款或任何附帶合約中者亦然。您了解並同意，您使用 其陽科技股份有限公司網站必須自行承擔風險，其陽科技股份有限公司不保證本網站符合您的需求。再者，其陽科技股份有限公司亦不保證本網站之不中斷性、正確性或安全性。本網站所提供之任何內容或服務，或與 其陽科技股份有限公司網站有關之任何內容或服務均係如此，皆依「現況」提供。對於本網站所包含之內容或服務，其陽科技股份有限公司不做任何明確或暗示之保證或背書。對於本網站所提供資料之時事性、正確性、完整性或品質，其陽科技股份有限公司保有不需負責之權利；對於因使用本網站所提供之任何資料（包括不完整與不正確者）所引起之損害賠償責任，其陽科技股份有限公司將拒絕之。所有要約均不受法律之約束且不須負法律責任。部分網頁或完整出版物，包含所有要約與訊息在內，作者皆得不個別宣布即予展期、從事部分修改或全面刪除。 其陽科技股份有限公司對於本網頁所連結或所提及的內容概不負責 － 除非其陽科技股份有限公司對於違法內容明確知情，且有能力禁止訪客參觀本網站以防止訪客瀏覽該網頁。若因使用其提出之資料而造成任何損害，僅該個別網頁之作者須承擔責任，擁有連結至該網頁者不須承擔任何責任。此外，對於該網頁所提供之討論版、訪客留言版或郵件表單，其使用者所公佈之任何張貼文章或訊息，作者概不負責。
隱私權政策
其陽科技股份有限公司與其所屬子公司（以下簡稱「其陽科技股份有限公司」）認同並尊重線上訪客之隱私權。因此，我們以此隱私權政策向您說明我們對線上資料的運用方式，以及收集與使用您的資料時，有哪些選項可供選擇。本隱私權政策適用於所有自 其陽科技股份有限公司.com 網站上收集的資料。（不含分銷計畫） 網站伺服器自動確認及儲存每位瀏覽訪客的 ip 位址（訪客電腦的網際網路位址），以判定訪客參觀本網站的哪一部份與每位訪客停留該處的時間。此資料能幫助我們了解訪客使用本網站的交通模式，以便提升網站之整體優使性。除非您啟動瀏覽器提供的阻斷技術，否則每一次登入，您的電腦即會自動提供此資料。參觀與使用本網站時，我們通常不會要求您提供個人識別資料，但有時我們可能會要求您提供個人資料，如電子郵件、姓名、郵寄住址、電話號碼、信用卡號碼、人口統計資料或持久性標識（如使用者名稱與密碼），以利您進行商品之購買與註冊、與我們聯繫、參加抽獎活動與線上調查、訂閱郵件表單或即時新聞、申請特價購物折扣。如果您決定不提供上述資料，則可能無法參加以上活動。
如同今日許多網站，我們可以使用 cookie 這種標準技術收集資料，了解您對本網站的使用方式。了解訪客對本網站最感興趣的部分，以及在您回到本網站的時候記得您的身分，可讓我們提升訪客的網站使用體驗。我們不願亦無意在您參觀本網站期間侵犯您的隱私權。大多數的瀏覽器都可讓您將 cookie 從硬碟上刪除、阻斷 cookie 之接收或在儲存 cookie 前先出現警告。您可以設定瀏覽器，讓您在接收到 cookie 時能收到通知，並選擇拒絕或接受 cookie。如果第三方廣告服務公司將廣告張貼於本網站並擁有管理呈現廣告之權利，此第三方廣告服務公司亦得使用 cookies。此類廣告服務公司得使用 cookie 收集非個人識別資料，廣告商通常以此資料設定廣告目標以及評估廣告效果。但請注意，此類 cookie 並非本公司所放置或使用。 本公司將對您所提供的資料保密，並將其用於維持您與 其陽科技股份有限公司的客戶關係。此外，我們亦希望運用此資料量身打造您在本網站的經驗。除非您另行告知，否則我們會把您可能感興趣的 其陽科技股份有限公司各式產品升級訊息、特別優惠及其他新產品及服務等資料寄給您。只有 其陽科技股份有限公司（或遵守保密協定且代表 其陽科技股份有限公司服務的代理商）會寄此類直接郵件給您。如果您不希望收到此類郵件，只需要在您像我們提供個人資料的時候順便告知即可。您隨時都可選擇取消訂閱郵件（請參閱下列取消部分）。未取得您的同意之前，其陽科技股份有限公司不會將您的個人資料洩漏給任何 其陽科技股份有限公司以外的公司從事促銷與推銷之用；惟其陽科技股份有限公司之代理商或合約商得共享您的資料，以便代表其陽科技股份有限公司為您提供服務。舉例而言，我們如須將物件郵寄給您，即必須將您的名字與地址提供給貨運公司。我們只會提供完成客戶要求之服務或交易所需之最少資料給第三方代理商。
本公司將對您所提供的資料保密，並將其用於維持您與 其陽科技股份有限公司的客戶關係。此外，我們亦希望運用此資料量身打造您在本網站的經驗。除非您另行告知，否則我們會把您可能感興趣的 其陽科技股份有限公司各式產品升級訊息、特別優惠及其他新產品及服務等資料寄給您。只有 其陽科技股份有限公司（或遵守保密協定且代表 其陽科技股份有限公司服務的代理商）會寄此類直接郵件給您。如果您不希望收到此類郵件，只需要在您像我們提供個人資料的時候順便告知即可。您隨時都可選擇取消訂閱郵件（請參閱下列取消部分）。未取得您的同意之前，其陽科技股份有限公司不會將您的個人資料洩漏給任何 其陽科技股份有限公司以外的公司從事促銷與推銷之用；惟其陽科技股份有限公司之代理商或合約商得共享您的資料，以便代表其陽科技股份有限公司為您提供服務。舉例而言，我們如須將物件郵寄給您，即必須將您的名字與地址提供給貨運公司。我們只會提供完成客戶要求之服務或交易所需之最少資料給第三方代理商。
連結到本網站的網站／本網站所連結出去的網站可能具有不同的政策。由於我們無法管制此類網站，因此希望您仔細了解該網站上所公布之隱私權政策。 我們保護您所分享給我們的個人資料。其陽科技股份有限公司規定，非工作必要者不得存取您的個人資料。此外，我們的政策亦包括維持本公司所屬個人資料的完整性。 其陽科技股份有限公司亦得收集、總計與維持本網站線上訪客之匿名資料，如訪客嗜好、興趣、購物喜好等。此類資料將用於量身訂做 其陽科技股份有限公司網站之內容與廣告，以提供訪客更佳的瀏覽經驗。此外，其陽科技股份有限公司得與廣告商、商業夥伴、贊助商及其他第三者共享此訪客總計資料，例如用於告知男／女性訪客之百分比或某特定年齡層訪客之百分比。
所收集之資料及其使用皆依本政策之現行條款規定，其陽科技股份有限公司保留隨時修改本政策之權利。本隱私權政策如有修改，公布在本網站後即刻生效。
其陽科技股份有限公司 no. 133, section 2, datong road, xizhi district, new taipei city 221 taiwan taiwan
home privacy policy
privacy policy
cookie policy
we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
cookie settings
strictly necessary cookies
functional cookies
performance cookies
• how can i change my aewin cookie settings?
some essential features on aewin sites just won’t work without cookies. and having other cookies switched off can seriously affect the way you’ll be able to enjoy our services.
please check your cookie settings below and turn on any cookies you’re happy with.
“strictly necessary” cookies can’t be turned off. but functional and performance cookies can be turned on or off below. you can learn more about cookies and what they do on our other pages.
if you've chosen to block third-party cookies on your browser, your cookie preferences won't carry over from aewin.eu to aewin.xx and vice versa. please make sure to set your cookie preferences in both places.
• how can i stop my internet browser tracking my info? ?
you can change your aewin cookie settings on sections in the left pane. how do web browsers track my info? they use various technical tools, including:
•cookies •ip addresses •http referrer •tracking scripts •user agents •browser fingerprinting.
the “do not track” (dnt) setting
some internet browsers have a dnt setting. this sends a signal to websites asking them not to track your browsing.
this doesn’t work with aewin websites at the moment. but you can always change your aewin cookie settings here.
how to avoid web beacons and other tracking technologies
you can normally render them ineffective by switching off cookies in your browser. there are also browser add-ons and extensions that specifically block web beacons.
to avoid web beacons in emails, you can turn off images in your email service. check your email’s help section to find out how.
there’s more info about these tracking technologies here.
these cookies are essential so that you can move around the website and use its features. without these cookies services you have asked for cannot be provided. see list of strictly necessary cookies
if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
these cookies allow the website to remember choices you make to give you better functionality and personal features. see list of functional cookies
please enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
these cookies help to improve the performance of aewin. if you want to opt-out of advertising cookies, you have to turn-off performance cookies. see list of performance cookies
please enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
