about about ahgahg’s storystatement of faith
about ahg
ahg’s story
statement of faith
program program overviewprogram levelsstars & stripes awardalumnaealliancesparentsvirtual troop tips
program overview
program levels
stars & stripes award
alumnae
alliances
parents
virtual troop tips
news & media recent newspress roomraising godly girls daily one-minute radio featureendorsementspublications
recent news
press room
raising godly girls daily one-minute radio feature
endorsements
publications
blog
events
trailblazers
start a troop start a troopstructure & costsvolunteer supportcharter organizations
start a troop
structure & costs
volunteer support
charter organizations
store
donate
find a troop
privacy policy
updated: march 4, 2020
this privacy statement applies to the websites (defined below) provided by american heritage girls, inc. (collectively, “ahg”, “we”, “our”, or “us”), a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization headquartered in cincinnati, ohio. this privacy statement governs your use of our sites (collectively, our “services”), regardless of how you access or use them. by “sites”, we mean any website or url of ours that we have linked to this privacy statement and all features, applications, content, and downloads that are operated by us and that are available through the sites, we mean our products and services that we make available via mobile telecommunications platforms and/or through social media networking platforms. each time you access and/or use the services, you agree to be bound by and comply with all of the terms of this privacy statement. therefore, do not use the services if you do not agree to all of the terms of this privacy statement.
we encourage you and your family to review our privacy statement in detail, as it includes important information. children should always check with their parent or guardian before entering information on any website or mobile device. american heritage girls, inc. is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy and encourages families to discuss their household guidelines regarding online sharing of personal information and security and privacy. this privacy statement discloses how we collect, protect, and use the information you provide, as well as how we protect children’s privacy. in the event that this privacy statement is updated, we will let you know by posting our revised privacy statement on our sites along with the updated date.
overview
information collected and stored
we collect the following types of information:
information that you actively disclose to us (for example, during registrations, online purchases, or content submissions);
information that we automatically collect through third parties who offer website analytics about your computer or wireless devices (such as, but not limited to, ip address, cookie files, browser setting, operating system, referring domain, language preferences, mobile carrier, or other unique device identifiers); this non-personal information is collected to enhance your online experience and help us to improve the effectiveness of our website; and,
information we collect via third parties, including third-party social media providers with whom you have a registered account.
we take precautions against unauthorized access to your personal information. despite such precautions, the chance of unauthorized threats or loss of your personal information remains. if you believe your personal information has been compromised, please contact us immediately via email or by calling (513) 771-2025.
use of information and sharing personally identifiable information
american heritage girls, inc. collects the minimum amount of information about you to ensure your online experience is satisfactory. your personally identifiable information is used by american heritage girls, inc., our partners, and other third parties that are involved in the operation of our website.
online transactions, such as but not limited to, merchandise and other goods and resources, membership renewals, and charter renewals, are available on our sites that conduct online transactions. such online transactions may require us to collect personal information such as, but not limited to, name, credit card information, and billing address. the purposes for which you provide information includes our use of your personally identifiable information to process online transactions, purchases, membership participation, promotions and services, donations, and job applications.
data in relation to credit card payments are processed by authorize.net on a secure website and is protected through transport layer security (tls) technology. both american heritage girls, inc. and authorize.net are pci compliant. if you are under the age of 18, you need parent or guardian permission to access and use a credit card to make online purchases on our sites.
your email address and other personal information collected on our websites may be added to our mailing list for our email newsletters. users may opt out of email newsletters at any time via email sent by constant contact on behalf of american heritage girls, inc.
when a child or parent initiates contact with us via email message or phone call, we may request a name, email address, or other unique identifiers to identify the person’s identity and account information within our systems. we collect personally identifiable information for the sole purpose of better serving individual inquiries, accounts, and enhancing the end user experience from the use of our websites.
in the unlikely event that we are required by law to disclose personally identifiable information, we will comply with the extent permitted by applicable law. we may also disclose personally identifiable information response to law enforcement agency or other pertinent agency requests, only if we believe that such disclosure may prevent a crime, facilitate an investigation related to an individual’s safety, or enable us to take precaution against any liability. personally identifiable information may also be shared in the event that ahg is transferred or sold.
children’s privacy policy
american heritage girls, inc. is committed to protecting the privacy of children under the age of 13.
we do not ask for more personal information than is necessary for a child to participate in an activity.
we collect information such as, but not limited to, ip address and operating system automatically and use technology like cookies to provide and improve the functionality of our sites.
we reserve the right to share personal information with legitimate 3rd parties if legally asked to do so.
children under the age of 13 may submit user-generated content to be published on our sites that have been designed for public viewing; however, only limited information such as first name or a unique username may be displayed in an effort to provide online contacting by third parties.
parents or legal guardians may contact us to ask if we have collected their child’s personal information, to review that information, if any, and request that we stop collecting this information and have it deleted. in the event that parents or legal guardians wish to review such information or request information collection to cease, they may contact american heritage girls, inc. by phone at (513) 771-2025, or via email.
we encourage children, accompanied by their parent or guardian, to research more about our organization and program. children are encouraged to submit blog posts and other submissions for posting on our services.
we encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children when they are online or using any mobile device so they understand the sites and activities that they are engaged in. american heritage girls, inc. also encourages families to enforce device and internet browser controls that reflect your personal preferences about your child’s ability to access the internet and certain content.
links to other websites and services
our services may be linked to other third-party websites and applications that are not maintained by american heritage girls, inc. these third-party websites, including but not limited to those of sponsors, alliances, social networking platforms, and email companies, may have their own privacy policies and terms of use, which you should review prior to visiting. we are not responsible for the content and other services provided on linked third-party websites.
security of financial information
the safety and security of your online experience is our priority. we maintain reasonable technical and organizational steps to ensure that any personal information we collect is secure, including but not limited to the number of people who have physical access to our servers and the use of electronic security systems. american heritage girls, inc. conducts financial transactions via secure transmissions. we limit personal information to ahg staff members and third parties who are authorized for the proper handling of such information.
for financial transactions, we use transport layer security (tls) technology to protect the security of your financial transaction information. tls is a standard security technology for establishing an encrypted link between your computer, or your other electronic devices, with internet browser capabilities to a website server. we encrypt your financial transaction information when we store your order and whenever we transfer that information to our merchant service providers.
if we discover that an ahg staff member or third party has violated our security standards and privacy procedures, we will take reasonable disciplinary action and processes to remedy the violation. we also take reasonable steps to ensure that authorized third parties protect the privacy and security of your personal information. however, it is possible that unauthorized third parties may unlawfully access personal information through a number of means despite our measures.
california residents
if you are a california resident, you may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties, for third parties’ direct marketing purposes, during the preceding calendar year. to make such a request, please contact us by email, call us at (513) 771-2025 monday – friday from 8:30 a.m. – 5:00 p.m., est, or write us at:
american heritage girls, inc.attn: compliance35 tri-county parkwaycincinnati, oh 45246
about ahg
american heritage girls (ahg) was founded by a group of parents wanting a faith-based, scout-type character development program for their daughters in 1995. our program is dedicated to the mission of building women of integrity through service to god, family, community, and country.
news & media
events
careers
contact us
instagram
facebook
twitter
youtube
pinterest
linkedin
© 2022 american heritage girls. all rights reserved.
disclosure statement
privacy policy
terms of use
visit our guidestar profile to view our irs form 990
