products
applications
design support
community
about infineon
careers
newsletter
contact
where to buy
myinfineonregister for myinfineon
register for myinfineon
cart
company
our divisions
management board
supervisory board
our locations
procurement
quality
infineon awards
cybersecurity
sustainability
environmental sustainability and climate protection
safety and health
business ethics
corporate citizenship
csr supply chain management
human rights
csr reporting
press
general information
press releases
market news
press kits
media pool
events
contacts
investor
infineon at a glance
news & events
reports & presentations
infineon share
fixed income
corporate governance
shareholder service
contact
tradeshows & conferences
discoveries
new mobility
internet of things
energy efficiency
all discoveries
wireless module partners
partner overviews
alinket
azurewave
lb-link
inventek
iton
laird connectivity
lantronix
murata
mxchip
onethinx
pairlink
usi
alinket
founded in shanghai in 2013, alinket technology is a high-tech enterprise with "specialization, special innovation" and "double soft certification"; the company mainly provides system solutions integrating software and hardware, such as iot chip module, iot controller, iot data gateway, iot middleware suite, cloud access technology and application technology. the company's products and solutions serve the fields of medical devices, hospitals, industrial equipment, precision instruments, warehousing and logistics, intelligent management and so on.
as the pioneer of internet of things technology, alinket technology has always adhered to the concept of "self connected, all things are self connected". the company's products have passed iso9001:2015 quality system certification and fcc and ce certification. it has many product patents and software copyrights. it has independently developed modules, controllers and gateways, with an annual output of more than one million and an annual delivery capacity of more than 5 million.
alinket accumulated numbers of network patents and software copyrights in less than 5 years. aidktm (alinket iot development kits) and aidmstm (alinket device middleware system) support eap encryption, mfi (made for ipod/iphone/ipad) authentication, etc,and will convert customers’ idea to intelligent and networked product in the shortest time.
the company's long-term strategic partners include microsoft, qihoo 360, tencent, arm, cypress, broadrom, japan optoelectronics, general electric, mindray medical, smith medical and other world-famous companies.
company details
alinket electronic technology (shanghai) co.,ltd
address：no. 45, lane 676, wuxing rd, pudong new district, shanghai, china
e-mail：marketing@alinket.com
tel：021-58651708
website：http://www.alinket.com/
© 1999 - 2022 infineon technologies ag
usage of this website is subject to our usage terms
imprint
contact
privacy policy
glossary
苏icp备15016286号-1 | 苏公网安备 32021402001016号 | 营业执照
switch to mobile version
switch to desktop version
