login
register
company
products
solutions
resource center
support
partners
how to buy
privacy policy
last updated: may 24, 2018
av costar ("us", "we", or "our") operates the http://www.arecontvision.com website (the "service").
this privacy policy informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information when you use our service. your use of the service indicates your acceptance of this privacy policy and agreement to abide by its terms. if you do not accept and agree to the terms of this privacy policy, you should not use the service.
policy summary
we will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this privacy policy.
we use your personal information for providing and improving the service. by using the service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. unless otherwise defined in this privacy policy, terms used in this privacy policy have the same meanings as in our terms and conditions, accessible at http://www.arecontvision.com/privacy-policy.
information collection and use
while using our service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your email address, name, phone number, postal address, credit card number and billing address (if purchases or requests are made online through our service), information gathered from “cookies” as discussed below, and other information ("personal information").
we collect this information for the purpose of providing the service, identifying and communicating with you, responding to your requests/inquiries, servicing your purchase orders or other requests, and improving our services. again, we will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this privacy policy.
log data
we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our service ("log data"). this log data may include information such as your computer's internet protocol ("ip") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
in addition, we may use third party services such as google analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our service's functionality. these third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.
cookies
cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and transferred to your device. we use cookies to collect information in order to improve our services for you.
you can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. the help feature on most browsers provide information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies or to notify you when receiving a new cookie.
if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our service and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
do not track disclosure
we do not support do not track ("dnt"). do not track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
you can enable or disable dnt by visiting the preferences or settings page of your web browser. since we don’t support this feature, enabling it will not eliminate tracking when you use our service.
service providers
we may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our service, to provide the service on our behalf, to perform service-related services and/or to assist us in analyzing how our service is used.
these third parties have access to your personal information only to perform specific tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use your information for any other purpose.
av costar does not keep a copy of credit card information submitted through our portal. credit card information submitted through our 30 day loaner, advanced replacement, and service request services are “vaulted”(securely stored) through authorize.net.  read the privacy statement for authorize.net here: http://www.authorize.net/company/privacy/
communications
we may use your personal information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. you may opt out of receiving our marketing emails by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in an email we send or by contacting us. you may not opt out of project registration, 30 day loaner, service requests, or advanced replacement emails as these are integral to the service(s) provided.
compliance with laws
we will disclose your personal information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our service.
security
the security of your personal information is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure.
however, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or other method of electronic storage, is entirely secure and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the personal information we have collected from you.
international transfer
your information, including personal information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
if you are located outside the united states and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the information, including personal information, to the united states and process it there.
your consent to this privacy policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
links to other sites
our service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. if you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of every site you visit.
we have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
children's privacy
only persons age 18 or older have permission to access our service. our service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("children").
we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. if you are a parent or guardian and you learn that your children have provided us with personal information, please contact us. if we become aware that we have collected personal information from children without verification of parental consent, we will take reasonable steps to remove that information from our servers.
changes to this privacy policy
this privacy policy is effective as of december 31, 2015 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
we reserve the right to update, modify, change, add, remove or revise all or portions of this privacy policy at any time. you should check this privacy policy periodically so that you are aware of our current privacy policies. as a general practice, we will only use your personal information in the manner described in the privacy policy in effect at the time we received your personal information. your continued access to or use of the service after we post any modifications to the privacy policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified privacy policy.
contact us
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us:
by phone number: us: +1 818 937 0700
by phone number: us: +1 818 937 0700
by email: [email protected]
by email: [email protected]
follow us
productsall productssolutionssystem configuratorwhere have you seen av?
products
all products
solutions
system configurator
where have you seen av?
supportonline project registrationonline support requestdocumentation downloadsfirmware downloads
support
online project registration
online support request
documentation downloads
firmware downloads
companyabout av costarcareer opportunitiessales team mapcontact us
company
about av costar
career opportunities
sales team map
contact us
resourcesall videossolutionscase studieswhite papers
resources
all videos
solutions
case studies
white papers
site map
privacy policy
terms & conditions
recycling
global limited warranty
made in usa compliance
project registration policy
authorized internet reseller/integrator policy
minimum advertised pricing (map)
av costar replacement and repair policy
© 2022 av costar all rights reserved
family & technology overviews
