products column 1 enterprise agile planningenterprise agile planning scale agile teams and practices release orchestrationrelease orchestration integrate toolchains and automate release pipelines column 2 continuous testingcontinuous testing test mobile and web apps in the cloud application securityapplication security protect mobile, web, and desktop apps column 3 deployment automationdeployment automation deploy applications to any environment intelligenceintelligence make smart decisions across development and it ops​ column 4 application lifecycle managementapplication lifecycle management application development, collaboration, and delivery platform
column 1 enterprise agile planningenterprise agile planning scale agile teams and practices release orchestrationrelease orchestration integrate toolchains and automate release pipelines
enterprise agile planningenterprise agile planning scale agile teams and practices
enterprise agile planning
release orchestrationrelease orchestration integrate toolchains and automate release pipelines
release orchestration
column 2 continuous testingcontinuous testing test mobile and web apps in the cloud application securityapplication security protect mobile, web, and desktop apps
continuous testingcontinuous testing test mobile and web apps in the cloud
continuous testing
application securityapplication security protect mobile, web, and desktop apps
application security
column 3 deployment automationdeployment automation deploy applications to any environment intelligenceintelligence make smart decisions across development and it ops​
deployment automationdeployment automation deploy applications to any environment
deployment automation
intelligenceintelligence make smart decisions across development and it ops​
intelligence
column 4 application lifecycle managementapplication lifecycle management application development, collaboration, and delivery platform
application lifecycle managementapplication lifecycle management application development, collaboration, and delivery platform
application lifecycle management
solutions column 1 value stream managementvalue stream management optimize end-to-end software development & delivery scaled agile framework (safe®)scaled agile framework (safe®) implement agile at scale column 2 unify agile and devopsunify agile and devops plan, measure & deliver software at scale secure mobile, web and desktop appssecure mobile, web and desktop apps avoid loss by preventing reverse-engineering column 3 predict and prevent change failurespredict and prevent change failures accelerate change management while reducing risk accelerate it service deliveryaccelerate it service delivery evolve to faster, smarter, & better it service management column 4 governmentgovernment accelerate secure agile development for govcloud mobile testingmobile testing perform mobile testing and accelerate release cycles
column 1 value stream managementvalue stream management optimize end-to-end software development & delivery scaled agile framework (safe®)scaled agile framework (safe®) implement agile at scale
value stream managementvalue stream management optimize end-to-end software development & delivery
value stream management
scaled agile framework (safe®)scaled agile framework (safe®) implement agile at scale
scaled agile framework (safe®)
column 2 unify agile and devopsunify agile and devops plan, measure & deliver software at scale secure mobile, web and desktop appssecure mobile, web and desktop apps avoid loss by preventing reverse-engineering
unify agile and devopsunify agile and devops plan, measure & deliver software at scale
unify agile and devops
secure mobile, web and desktop appssecure mobile, web and desktop apps avoid loss by preventing reverse-engineering
secure mobile, web and desktop apps
column 3 predict and prevent change failurespredict and prevent change failures accelerate change management while reducing risk accelerate it service deliveryaccelerate it service delivery evolve to faster, smarter, & better it service management
predict and prevent change failurespredict and prevent change failures accelerate change management while reducing risk
predict and prevent change failures
accelerate it service deliveryaccelerate it service delivery evolve to faster, smarter, & better it service management
accelerate it service delivery
column 4 governmentgovernment accelerate secure agile development for govcloud mobile testingmobile testing perform mobile testing and accelerate release cycles
governmentgovernment accelerate secure agile development for govcloud
government
mobile testingmobile testing perform mobile testing and accelerate release cycles
mobile testing
services & training agile, scrum, safe agile transformation & consultingagile transformation & consulting product training product training overviewproduct training overview digital.ai release & deploydigital.ai release & deploy consulting & implementation professional servicesprofessional services product consulting & implementationproduct consulting & implementation advanced threat team advanced threat team overviewadvanced threat team overview
agile, scrum, safe agile transformation & consultingagile transformation & consulting
agile transformation & consultingagile transformation & consulting
agile transformation & consulting
product training product training overviewproduct training overview digital.ai release & deploydigital.ai release & deploy
product training overviewproduct training overview
product training overview
digital.ai release & deploydigital.ai release & deploy
digital.ai release & deploy
consulting & implementation professional servicesprofessional services product consulting & implementationproduct consulting & implementation
professional servicesprofessional services
professional services
product consulting & implementationproduct consulting & implementation
product consulting & implementation
advanced threat team advanced threat team overviewadvanced threat team overview
advanced threat team overviewadvanced threat team overview
advanced threat team overview
resources resources resource centerresource center blogblog eventsevents glossaryglossary partner portalpartner portal devops tools periodic table of devops toolsperiodic table of devops tools diagram generator integrations marketplaceintegrations marketplace agile resources state of agilestate of agile
resources resource centerresource center blogblog eventsevents glossaryglossary partner portalpartner portal
resource centerresource center
resource center
blogblog
blog
eventsevents
events
glossaryglossary
glossary
partner portalpartner portal
partner portal
devops tools periodic table of devops toolsperiodic table of devops tools diagram generator integrations marketplaceintegrations marketplace
periodic table of devops toolsperiodic table of devops tools diagram generator
periodic table of devops tools
diagram generator
integrations marketplaceintegrations marketplace
integrations marketplace
agile resources state of agilestate of agile
state of agilestate of agile
state of agile
help help customer resources support product documentation
help
customer resources
support
product documentation
about about companycompany leadershipleadership customerscustomers careerscareers newsnews press releasespress releases awardsawards analyst perspectivesanalyst perspectives partner programpartner program
about companycompany leadershipleadership customerscustomers careerscareers newsnews press releasespress releases awardsawards analyst perspectivesanalyst perspectives partner programpartner program
companycompany
company
leadershipleadership
leadership
customerscustomers
customers
careerscareers
careers
newsnews
news
press releasespress releases
press releases
awardsawards
awards
analyst perspectivesanalyst perspectives
analyst perspectives
partner programpartner program
partner program
contact us
contact us
privacy
this privacy policy describes how digital.ai process personal data and other information through its website (the “website”) and products (the “products”), by explaining what types of information digital.ai collects, how that information is used, digital.ai’s sharing practices, and your choices. digital.ai is the controller for purposes of this privacy policy.
information we collect
we collect information from you directly, automatically through the website and from third parties. each collection mechanism is described in more detail in this privacy policy.
information you provide directly
through our website:
when you contact us through the website, we ask you to provide us with your name, email address, company name, job title, phone number, and resident country. we request this information in order to effectively address your comments and questions and provide you with relevant information in response to your inquiry.
when you access or download certain resources, including solution briefs, case studies, analyst reports, ebooks, guides, whitepapers, product demonstrations, or webinars, we ask for your name, email address, company name, job title, phone number, and resident country so that we can provide you with the content you have requested and provide you with information about our products and services that may be of interest to you.
we collect any information that you submit through the chat functionality on our website in order to respond to your questions. this chat functionality uses some automated processes to assess how we can best support your request(s).
we collect any information that you provide on our website in connection with support queries, such as contact data and the content of any communications with us.
if you apply for a job with digital.ai, we collect any information you provide in connection with your application submission, including applications information submitted through any third party recruiting platforms used by us.
through use of our products:
we collect any information that you provide when you register an account, create or modify your profile, or set preferences while using our products. we use this information to provide the product to you.
when you purchase, use, or obtain support for a product, we ask you to provide your name, email address, and company name, so that we can provide you with the content you requested.
some of our products contain features that allow users to collaborate with each other, such as planning rooms and communities. we collect and store any content that you post, send, receive and share using these features. we use this information to provide the product to you.
when you use our support services in connection with a product, we collect any information you provide to us during the support process, including your contact information and details about your query.
automatically collected information
we automatically collect the following types of information when you use our website and products, including:
pages and files accessed;
time of access;
browser version;
operating system;
device id;
previously visited pages (if you access our website via a link);
ip address;
application information;
mobile device information;
session id; and
cookies, as explained in more detail in the next section.
you may also be able to engage with the website or our products through social media services or other third-party platforms, such as facebook, including through third-party social media plug-ins, integrations and applications. when you engage with our content on or through social media services or other third-party platforms, plug-ins, integrations, or applications, you may allow us to have access to certain information in your profile and information about your interaction with our content. for a description on how social media services and other third-party platforms, plug-ins, integrations or applications handle your information, please refer to their respective privacy policies and terms of use, which may permit you to modify your privacy settings.
cookies
when you visit our website, we store certain information from your browser using cookies or similar technologies such as web beacons. a cookie is a small text file that is stored on your device through your browser.  the cookies used by our website include both session-based cookies, which expire after you close your browser or turn off your computer, and persistent cookies, which remain on your device until you affirmatively remove the. cookies allow us to collect analytics data, remember your language settings, and perform other useful functions that help simplify your user experience. you can choose to accept all cookies or adjust your cookie settings the first time you visit our website. you can modify your cookie settings at any time thereafter: here.
third parties may also use cookies or similar technologies on our website for advertising, retargeting, analytics, and tracking. please see “more about analytics and advertising” and “your choices and rights” below for more information about third party cookies.
how we use your information
we use your information:•    to provide and improve our website;•    to monitor interactions with our marketing emails;•    to conduct surveys;•    to protect our interests or the interests of third parties;•    to maintain and enhance the security of our website;•    to improve our products; •    to provide you with the products you requested;•    to prevent abuse of our website;•    to comply with our legal obligations;•    to communicate with you;•    for analytics and advertising;•    to perform or enforce our agreements;•    to conduct hiring;•    for load distribution and optimization of our website;•    to provide customer support in connection with our products;•    for any other purpose with your consent.
third party sharing
we disclose information:•    to our affiliates in connection with your use of our services or our business relationship with you;•    to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our website;•    to fulfill any purpose for which you provide it;•    for any other purpose disclosed to you when you provide the information; or•    with your consent.
we may also disclose your information:•    to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;•    to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets;•    if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect our rights, property, or interests, our investors, or others.
bases for processing
the legal bases for our processing activities include:•    your consent;•    digital.ai exercising its rights and performing its obligations in connection with entering into or performing under any contract it makes with you;•    compliance with our legal obligations;•    digital.ai’s legitimate interests that are not overridden by your interests or your fundamental rights and freedoms.
cross-border transfers
sometimes we may need to transfer information to countries in which applicable laws may not offer the same level of data protection as the laws of your home country. individuals in the eea: when we transfer information from individuals in the eea to countries that have not received an adequacy finding under article 45 of the gdpr, we rely on the safeguards set forth in article 46 of the gdpr or derogations for specific situations set forth in article 49 of the gdpr in order to transfer your information across international borders. when relying on a cross-border transfer mechanism under article 49, we only collect and transfer your information to third countries: (i) with your consent; (ii) to perform a contract with you; or (iii) to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims. you may request of copy of any applicable article 46 agreements by contacting us as detailed in the “how to contact us” section.
more about analytics and advertising
we use third party analytics services to help track how users interact with our website. third parties also use cookies or web pixels for online advertising personalization. third-party tracking technologies are not controlled by us, even if they use our website to help store or collect data.  statements regarding our practices do not apply to the methods for collecting information used by third-party advertisers and others or the use of the information that such third parties collect.  the relevant third party’s terms of service, privacy policy, permissions, notices and choices should be reviewed regarding their collection, storage and sharing practices.
third-party platforms and social media
this privacy policy applies only to digital.ai and not to any other platforms, products, websites, or applications operated by third parties. our website may contain links to other platforms, products, websites, and applications which we believe may be of interest to you. our website also contains links that allow you to connect with us on social media. digital.ai is not responsible for the privacy practices of any platforms, application, or websites not controlled by us. we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any website, application, or platform you use outside of our website before providing any information to or through them.
social media plug-ins
when you click on a plug-in on our website, you will be connected to the social media platform you selected. digital.ai currently uses plug-ins for the following social media platforms:facebook: provided by facebook inc., 1601 s. california ave, palo alto, ca 94304, usa, and facebook ireland limited, hanover reach, 5–7 hanover quay, dublin 2, ireland. an overview of facebook plugins are available here: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. facebook’s privacy policy is available here: http://www.facebook.com/policy.linkedin: provided by linkedin corporation, 2029 stierlin court, mountain view, ca 94043, usa. an overview of linkedin plugins are available here: https://developer.linkedin.com/plugins. linkedin’s privacy policy is available here: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.twitter: provided by twitter inc., 1355 market st, suite 900, san francisco, ca 94103, usa. an overview of twitter plugins are available here: https://developer.twitter.com/. twitter’s privacy policy is available here: https://twitter.com/privacy.
data retention
we only store information for as long as is needed to fulfil our contractual or legal obligations or any other permissible purpose for which we have collected it, including to prevent fraud or security incidents. when the applicable retention period has expired, we take measures to permanently delete the information, aggregate it, or anonymize it.
security
we use commercially reasonable administrative, physical, and technical measures to safeguard your information and help protect it from unauthorized access. however, we cannot guarantee complete protection of your information since transmission via the internet is not 100% secure. you play an important role in keeping your information secure. you should not share your user name, password, or other security information for your account with anyone. if you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us by contacting us as detailed in the “contact us” section.
children
our website and products are not directed to children, as defined under applicable law. if you believe that a child has provided their information to us through our website or products, please contact us as detailed in the “contact us” section, so that we can take steps to delete it.
your choices and rights
you can control the use of cookies on our website's cookies settings or within your browser. however, please note that disabling some or all cookies may affect the functionality of our website. our website does not respond to browser “do not track” signals.we do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. however, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. you can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the network advertising initiative ("nai") on the nai’s website at https://www.networkadvertising.org. you may also be able to opt out of receiving third-party behavioral ads by visiting the digital advertising alliance (“daa”) website at http://www.aboutads.info/choices. we are not responsible for effectiveness of or compliance with any third-parties’ opt-out options.if you register for certain services on our website, we may send you promotional emails. you can opt out of these promotional emails by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link within any promotional email.to the extent required by law, we provide you with (i) reasonable access to your personal information collected through our website and products, and (ii) the ability to review, correct, export, or delete your information, restrict its processing, or object to its processing. you may exercise the foregoing rights by contacting us using any of the mechanisms detailed in the “contact us” section. individuals in the eea: in addition to the foregoing rights, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe we have processed your information in a manner inconsistent with your privacy rights. we kindly request that you contact us first so that we may address your concern. california residents: this privacy policy discloses the categories of personal information we have collected about california residents over the past twelve months, how we use that information, our business and commercial purposes for collecting that information, and the categories of third parties receiving personal information. we do not sell personal information and have no actual knowledge of selling the personal information of minors under 16 years of age. california residents have the right to opt out of the sale of their personal information. because we do not sell personal information, we do not offer an opt out.california residents have the right to request that we disclose information about the personal information we collected, used, disclosed, and sold about them during the past twelve months and the right to request specific pieces of their personal information. california residents also have the right to request deletion of the personal information we have collected about them. you or your authorized agent can submit a request by emailing legal@digital.ai. you will need to provide us with certain personal information for us to match with our records in order to verify your identity and residency. the personal information that we use to verify your identity and residency will not be used for any other purpose. california residents have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising their privacy rights, and we do not discriminate against california residents who exercise their privacy rights.
changes to this privacy policy
we encourage you to periodically review this privacy policy for the latest information on our privacy practices. if we make any material changes to our privacy practices, we will notify you in accordance with applicable law prior to the changes becoming effective.
contact us
if you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy policy, our privacy practices, or if you wish to exercise your individual rights, please contact us at: legal@digital.ai.
last updated: february 1st, 2022
products digital.ai agility digital.ai release digital.ai continuous testing digital.ai application security digital.ai deploy ai-powered analytics digital.ai teamforge
digital.ai agility
digital.ai release
digital.ai continuous testing
digital.ai application security
digital.ai deploy
ai-powered analytics
digital.ai teamforge
solutions digital.ai devops value stream delivery for safe® devops intelligence application security  digital.ai change risk prediction digital.ai service management process optimization government mobile testing
digital.ai devops value stream delivery for safe®
devops intelligence
application security
digital.ai change risk prediction
digital.ai service management process optimization
government
mobile testing
services & training agile transformation & consulting product training digital.ai release and deploy professional services product consulting & implementation advanced threat team
agile transformation & consulting
product training
digital.ai release and deploy
professional services
product consulting & implementation
advanced threat team
resources resource center blog events glossary periodic table of devops tools devops diagram generator integrations state of agile
resource center
blog
events
glossary
periodic table of devops tools
devops diagram generator
integrations
state of agile
help customer resources support product documentation
customer resources
support
product documentation
company leadership customers careers news press releases awards analyst perspectives partner program logo linkedin twitter facebook
leadership
customers
careers
news
press releases
awards
analyst perspectives
partner program
logo
linkedin
twitter
facebook
terms
privacy
cookie settings
subscription center
© 2022 digital.ai is a trademark of digital.ai software inc.
