home
solutionswemconnect
wem
connect
learnresourcesblog
resources
blog
aboutcompanypartnerspress
company
partners
press
contact
client login
client login
home
solutionswemconnect
learnresourcesblog
aboutcompanypartners
contact
×
privacy center
welcome to the augmate (“augmate”) website at https://www.augmate.io (referred to herein, including all content under the “augmate.io” domain name, as the “website”). this notice (“privacy policy”) is included with and supplements our website terms and conditions. this privacy policy explains our online information collection and use practices, and the choices you can make about the way we use such information. it is important that you take the time to read and understand this privacy policy so that you can appreciate how we use your personal information. remember if you use or access the augmate website, you agree to this privacy policy. as we update the augmate website or expand our services, we may change this privacy policy so please review it from time to time.
this privacy policy is subject to the provisions of the general data protection regulation (“gdpr”) and other applicable privacy laws. augmate agrees that under the gdpr, augmate is a data “controller” and you are a “data subject” with certain protected privacy rights concerning your “personal data.” augmate will take commercially reasonable steps to maintain compliance with gdpr requirements. your personal data may identify you as a person, and thus may be referred to as personally identifiable information (“pii”).
1. who collects your information on our website?
we do. under the gdpr, augment is what is known as the “controller” of the personal data that you provide to us. we collect information from you on the website, and we are responsible for protection of your information.
2. what information does augmate collect?
a. requested information. on our contact page, we may request specific pii about you in order to register you for our email list or fulfill your requests for information. you may choose not to provide your pii, but then you might not be able to take advantage of some of the features of our website. we only collect basic personal data about you that does not include any special types of information (e.g., health-related) or location-based information. the types of personal information we collect and save include:
contact information such as name, email address, physical address and phone number;
information you provide such as feedback, comments or other messages; and
technical information collected in our logs. such information may include standard web log entries that contain your ip address, page url and timestamp.
b. aggregate information. we may also collect anonymous, non-identifying and aggregate information such as the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are using, and the domain name of your internet service provider.
3. why is my information being collected?
we need to collect your personal information so that we can respond to your requests for information or to be added to our emailing lists. we also collect aggregate information to help us better design the website. we collect log information for monitoring purposes to help us to diagnose problems with our servers, administer the website, calculate usage levels, and otherwise provide services to you.
4. how do we use the information we collect?
a. we use the personal information you provide for the purposes for which you have submitted it including:
responding to your inquiries and fulfilling your requests. we may use your pii to respond to your inquiries and to fulfill your requests for information.
responding to your inquiries and fulfilling your requests. we may use your pii to respond to your inquiries and to fulfill your requests for information.
communicating with you about our services. we may use your pii to send you information about new services and other items that may be of interest to you.
communicating with you about our services. we may use your pii to send you information about new services and other items that may be of interest to you.
sending administrative emails. we may use your pii to send you emails to: (a) confirm your other pii, (b) provide you with information regarding the augmate website, or (c) inform you of changes to this privacy policy, our terms and conditions of use, or our other terms, conditions, or policies.
sending administrative emails. we may use your pii to send you emails to: (a) confirm your other pii, (b) provide you with information regarding the augmate website, or (c) inform you of changes to this privacy policy, our terms and conditions of use, or our other terms, conditions, or policies.
b. we may use anonymous information that we collect to improve the design and content of our website, and to enable us to personalize your internet experience. we also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze how our site is used, as well as to offer you programs or services.
5. do we share your personal information?
we will not share your personal information except: (a) for the purposes for which you provided it; (b) with your consent; (c) as may be required by law or as we think necessary to protect our organization or others from injury (e.g., in response to a court order or subpoena, in response to a law enforcement agency request, or when we believe that someone is causing, or is about to cause, injury to or interference with the rights or property of another); or (d) with persons or organizations with whom we contract to carry out internal site operations or business activities. with your knowledge and consent, we may share your personal information with our business partners. we may also share aggregate information with others, including affiliated and non-affiliated organizations.
6. how can you access and control your information?
for instructions on how you can access your personal information that we have collected, or how to correct any errors in such information, please send an e-mail to privacy@augmate.com. we will also promptly stop using your information and remove it from our servers and database at any time upon your e-mail request. to protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access, making corrections or removing your information.
7. how we store and protect your information
a. after receiving your personal information, we will store it on our website servers for future use. we have physical, electronic, and managerial procedures in place to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect. unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet or data storage solution can ever be completely secure. as a result, although we take industry-standard steps to protect your information (e.g., strong encryption), we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or receive from us or that we store on our or our service providers’ systems.
b. if you are visiting the website from outside of the usa, your connection will be through and to servers located in the usa, and the information you provide will be securely stored in our web servers and internal systems located within the usa.
c. we store your personal information until you request us to remove it from our servers. we store our logs and other technical records indefinitely.
8. how do we use cookies and other network technologies?
a. to enhance your online experience with us, our web pages may presently or in the future use “cookies.” cookies are text files that our web server may place on your hard disk to store your preferences. cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other pii unless you choose to provide this information to us. once you choose to provide pii, however, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
b. augmate or our service providers may also use “pixel tags,” “web beacons,” “clear gifs” or similar means (collectively, “pixel tags”) in connection with some augmate website pages and html-formatted email messages for purposes of, among other things, compiling aggregate statistics about website usage and response rates. a pixel tag is an electronic image, often a single pixel (1×1), that is ordinarily not visible to website visitors and may be associated with cookies on visitors’ hard drives. pixel tags allow us and our service providers to count users who have visited certain pages of the augmate website, to deliver customized services, and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns. when used in html-formatted email messages, pixel tags can inform the sender of the email whether and when the email has been opened.
c. as you use the internet, you leave a trail of electronic information at each web site you visit. this information, which is sometimes referred to as “clickstream data”, can be collected and stored by a web site’s server. clickstream data can reveal the type of computer and browsing software you use and the address of the web site from which you linked to the augmate website. we may use clickstream data as a form of non-personally identifiable information to determine how much time visitors spend on each page of our website, how visitors navigate through the website, and how we may tailor our web pages to better meet the needs of visitors. we will only use this information to improve our site.
9. collection of information by others
our terms and conditions document identifies certain third party websites to which we may provide links, and that you may click on our website. please check the privacy policies of these other websites to learn how they collect, use, store and share information that you may submit to them or that they collect.
10. children and young people’s information
we do not knowingly collect any information from any minors, and we comply with all applicable privacy laws including the gdpr, usa children’s online privacy protection act (“coppa”) and associated federal trade commission (ftc) rules for collecting personal information from minors. if you have concerns about this website or its services, wish to find out if your child has accessed our services, or wish to remove your child’s personal information from out servers, please contact us at privacy@augmate.com. our site will not knowingly accept personal information from anyone under 13 years old in violation of applicable laws, without consent of a parent or guardian. if you believe that your child under 13 has gained access to our website without your permission, please contact us at privacy@augmate.com.
11. changes to this policy
because our business needs may change over time, we reserve the right to modify this privacy policy. if at any time in the future we plan to use your pii in a way that differs from this privacy policy, we will revise this privacy policy as appropriate. in the event of a change to our privacy policy, we will email the updated policy to the email address that you provided to us. your continued use of the augmate website following our notice of changes to this privacy policy means you accept such changes.
12. our contact information
if you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy you may e-mail us at privacy@augmate.com.
copyright © augmate corporation. all rights reserved. the website is the property of augmate corporation, and is protected by united states and international copyright, trademark, and other applicable laws. this includes the content, appearance, and design of the website, as well as the trademarks, product names, graphics, logos, service names, slogans, colors, and designs.
solutionswemconnect
aboutcompanypartnerspress
contact ussalessupportpartnershipspressgeneral inquiriesinvestors
follow us
© 2021 augmate corporation – all rights reserved | terms and conditions | privacy policy | privacy center
cookies are important to the proper functioning of our site. click accept to enable cookies or click privacy center to personalize your experience.
privacy preference center
consent management
cookie settingsnecessaryadvertisinganalytics
necessary
advertising
analytics
privacy policy
consent management
when you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. this information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. the information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience.because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. however, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
privacy policy
necessary
these technical cookies are essentials for the operation of some parts of the site and/or to provide the service offered and requested by a user. most of them are removed when you close the browser. no personal information is stored or tracked.
cookies used
advertising
these third party cookies are associated with youtube.com and sharethis buttons services
cookies used
sharethis.com
analytics
google-analytics
other
realwearrealwear htm-1
vuzixvuzix m100vuzix m300vuzix m300xlvuzix blade
epsonepson bt-2000epson bt-350
googlegoogle glass 2.0google glass
picog2
reconjetreconjet pro
optiventoptinvent ora-1
odgodg r-7
microsofthololens
appleiphoneipad
androidsmartphonestablets
