política de privacidad
this privacy policy explains how information is collected, used and disclosed by nelson irrigation corporation, including its subsidiaries and affiliated companies   ("nic").  this privacy policy applies to information we collect when you use our web site, connected devices and associated mobile applications, and other online products and services that link to this privacy policy  (collectively, the "services")  or when you otherwise interact with us.
types of information nic collects	nic collects the data you voluntarily provide to us. for example, when you purchase products or services or sign up for an account with us, we collect personal data so that we can provide and bill you for the products or services you requested. “personal data” means data that identifies an individual, such as name, address, telephone number, and email addresses. we also collect transaction information (history of product purchases, maintenance, and other product related interactions) and any information you submit to or through the services, such as the data you input into the services, and any forms, surveys or product feedback you submit through our web site.
nic may also obtain personal data through third party-sources, such as mailing lists.	when you use our services, we may automatically collect certain information. for example, when you use one of our network-enabled devices, we collect “machine data,” which includes location, operational, and diagnostic information. when you use, navigate through, or interact with our services, we may collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
details of your visits to the services, including traffic data, location data and other communication data and the resources that you access and use.
information about the computer or mobile device you use to access the services, including the ip address, hardware model, operating system and version, browser type, unique device identifiers and mobile network information.
nic uses a third party analytics service for the purposes of tracking  customer interaction.  this helps us to improve the services and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to estimate our audience size and usage patterns, store information about your preferences, customize the services according to your individual interests, speed up your searches, and recognize you when you return to the services.the technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
cookies (or browser cookies).  a cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer that helps us to improve our services and your experience, see which areas and features of our services are popular, and count visits.
web beacons: pages of our web site and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related web site statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain web site content and verifying system and server integrity).
how nic uses data	we use the data we collect for a variety of purposes, including to improve our products, services, and overall relationship with our customers. for example, we use the data we collect for customer service, product support, marketing, warranty support, and managing our everyday business such as order fulfillment, product development, product safety, analytics, reporting, and legal compliance.  we may, from time to time, use this information, along with other information received from other sources, to send updates about system changes or new products that we think may be of interest to you.
software services:  nic will only use personal data stored within the software service systems to perform direct marketing or promotion of nic product when doing so on behalf of the account owner who entered the data.  nic will also use the data stored in the software service systems in aggregate to provide marketing support to our clients who contract use of these services.
communications-enabled hardware:  nic utilizes machine data and other information collected through network-enabled devices and associated applications to perform requested product diagnostics, warranty, or service related activities.
we may also use and share aggregated or de-identified information that does not contain any personal data. for example, nic may produce and publish reports that contain aggregated and statistical data about our customers and equipment.
data security	nic has instituted a data security program that contains numerous controls that are designed to reasonably protect and safeguard personal data and machine data and avoid unauthorized access or disclosure.
disclosure of data to third parties	we do not sell, rent, or loan any personal data or machine data to any non-affiliated companies for those companies’ own use.  nic may share personal data and machine data with affiliated companies and business partners such as authorized dealers. nic may also contract with companies that have access to customer data in order to perform tasks on our behalf. these companies are contractually obligated to comply with nic privacy and data policies and to use personal data only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
we may disclose personal data or machine data if we believe that we are required to do so by law, such as in response to a government or court order, subpoena, or other legal process or in connection with the sale of part or all of our company. we may also disclose personal or machine data if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of nic, our customers, or others. finally, we will disclose personal data with your consent or at your direction.
international data transfers	nic is based in the united states, and by using the services, you consent to the transfer and use of your information to the united states. we may also transfer personal data, machine data, and other data we collect to service providers in the united states.
your choices	if you not wish to have personal data used by nic for marketing purposes, you can opt out of such disclosures by sending a request to privacy@nelsonirrigation.com.  please include your full name, email address, and postal address with such a request. if you wish to review or change personal data held by nic, you may do so by directing correspondence to privacy@nelsonirrigation.com.
you may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser.  however, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our web site.  unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our web site.
contact us	if you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at privacy@nelsonirrigation.com and/or 848 airport rd., walla walla, wa  99362. you may also use these contact details to notify us of any privacy complaint you have against us,
changes to the policy	from time to time, nic may make changes this privacy policy.  if we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email notification).
effective date: july 16, 2014
