platformoverviewfeaturesbarbara technologycybersecurity
industriessmart gridswater managementtelco infrastructureemergency servicesother industries
success stories
about us
blog
es
you are browsing a website owned by barbara iot s.l., a company validly organized and existing under the laws of spain (cif b24697385), with registered office at c/padre lojendio 5, 2ºd, bilbao 48008 spain. this page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our service and the choices you have associated with such data.

how do we collect your information?
as you browse this website you may encounter web forms for you to provide us with certain information. for example, if you would like to receive information about our partner program, we ask for your name, email address and the company you work for.
who has access to this information?
only us. we will not sell or rent your information to third parties and we will not share your information with third parties for commercial or marketing purposes.
please note, however, that barbara iot may disclose your personal data in good faith and in the belief that such action is necessary with respect to the following:
fulfilling a legal obligation
to prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the service
to protect the personal safety of service users or members of the public
to protect against legal liability
data security
the security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. if we do suffer a data breach and discover it, we will always disclose it in accordance with established procedures.
cookies
like many other websites, barbara lot uses cookies. cookies' are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to enable websites to recognise you when you visit them. they collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns and do not identify you as an individual. for example, we use cookies to store your language preference. this helps us to improve our website and provide a better and more personalised service. you can always configure your browser settings to stop receiving cookies if you wish.
third party services
videos: we show some videos hosted on youtube, whose privacy policy is here: https://policies.google.com/privacy
crm and newsletter and marketing communications: we manage our marketing and sales contacts and actions internally using the hubspot platform. while this is internal to barbara iot employees and no one else will have access to this information, you can read more about hubspot's privacy policy here: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy
surveys: for some surveys, we use typeform, which involves using their cookies and privacy policy, which you can read here: https://admin.typeform.com/to/dwk6gt
analytics
we primarily use google analytics for aggregate and statistical analysis of our audience. please note that google analytics may collect and process personal information such as your ip address. you can review their privacy policy here https://policies.google.com/privacy, and remember you can opt out of google analytics by following the process here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881?hl=en
we complement this information with two more analytical tools, mixpanel and albacross, whose privacy policy is noted here in case you want to read it:
https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/
https://albacross.com/privacy-policy/
under no circumstances do we intend to extract personal data from these tools. we use them in a completely anonymous and aggregated form to improve our products and services in general.
changes to this privacy policy
we may update our privacy policy from time to time. we will notify you of any changes by posting the new privacy policy on this page.
contact with us
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, you can contact us at [email protected].
industrieselectrical distributionrenewable energieswater industryother sectors
industries
electrical distribution
renewable energies
water industry
other sectors
the platformindustrial edge platformproduct suitetechnology barbaracybersecurity by design
the platform
industrial edge platform
product suite
technology barbara
cybersecurity by design
companyabout usblogsuccess storiesprivacy policy
company
about us
blog
success stories
privacy policy
contact+34 91 074 03 11[email protected]bilbao, aita lojendio kalea 5, 2ªdmadrid, calle vivero 5, 4ªplantavalencia, carrer d'alvaro de bazan, 10
contact
+34 91 074 03 11
[email protected]
bilbao, aita lojendio kalea 5, 2ªd
madrid, calle vivero 5, 4ªplanta
valencia, carrer d'alvaro de bazan, 10
this project has received funding from the european union's horizon 2020 research and innovation programme under grant no. 827313, as well as from the cdti (spanish centre for the development of industrial technology), the hazitek programme of the government of the basque country and the ports 4.0 fund of puertos del estado.
the cybersecureindustrial edge platform
