about
our mission
management team
partners
awards
careers
press releases
in the news
events
media resources
privacy policy
bastille privacy policy
we at bastille networks, inc. (“bastille”, “we”, “our” or “us”) know that our users care about how their personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. this privacy policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information (“personal information”) that we gather when you access or use https://www.bastille.io or https://www.bastille.net (the “site”).
this privacy policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that we do not own or control, including any third party websites, services and applications that you elect to access through or in connection with the site, or to individuals that we do not manage or employ. we cannot take responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those third parties and encourage you to carefully review their privacy policies before you access such services.
this privacy policy does not apply to information you provide when you purchase and use our online products and services.
we may amend this privacy policy from time to time. if we make material changes in the way we use personal information, we will notify you by posting an announcement through the site.  you are bound by any changes to the privacy policy when you use the site after being notified of such changes.
i. collection of personal information
we collect your email address, if you provide it to us:  when you access and use the site, we do not require you to provide any personal information.  you may choose to share your email address.  if you provide us your email or contact us by email, we may store your email in order to respond to your requests or questions. in addition, you may occasionally receive email and other communications from us, such as newsletters, marketing and promotional emails, or responses to further information requests. you can always opt out of receiving marketing emails from us by [clicking the “opt out” link at the bottom of the message or by emailing [email protected]].
we collect your email address, if you provide it to us:  when you access and use the site, we do not require you to provide any personal information.  you may choose to share your email address.  if you provide us your email or contact us by email, we may store your email in order to respond to your requests or questions. in addition, you may occasionally receive email and other communications from us, such as newsletters, marketing and promotional emails, or responses to further information requests. you can always opt out of receiving marketing emails from us by [clicking the “opt out” link at the bottom of the message or by emailing [email protected]].
we do not collect any personal information from children: we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. if you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
we do not collect any personal information from children: we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. if you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
we collect general usage information:  the site may collect anonymous usage information, such as your browser type, ip address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the internet, which may vary from session to session), and/or a time stamp for your visit.  we may use and disclose this information in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure, but not in any manner that would identify you personally (“aggregate information”).  some of this information may be collected using cookies and stored in log files. “cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing a website.   we may use both session cookies (which expire when you close your browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them).  most browsers allow you to disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.
we collect general usage information:  the site may collect anonymous usage information, such as your browser type, ip address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the internet, which may vary from session to session), and/or a time stamp for your visit.  we may use and disclose this information in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure, but not in any manner that would identify you personally (“aggregate information”).  some of this information may be collected using cookies and stored in log files. “cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing a website.   we may use both session cookies (which expire when you close your browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them).  most browsers allow you to disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.
ii. storing and sharing of personal information
we store all of our information, including personal information, using industry-standard techniques. unfortunately, due to the nature of the internet, unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of information at any time. we cannot guarantee or warrant that the techniques we employ will prevent unauthorized access to personal information that we store.
we do not sell or rent personal information to third parties.  we will share your personal information only as follows:
agents:  we may employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and may need to share your personal information with them to provide services to you.   unless we tell you differently, our agents do not have any right to use the personal information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us.
agents:  we may employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and may need to share your personal information with them to provide services to you.   unless we tell you differently, our agents do not have any right to use the personal information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us.
business transfers:  if we or substantially all of our assets are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, personal information would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
business transfers:  if we or substantially all of our assets are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, personal information would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
protection of bastille and others: we reserve the right to preserve and disclose any information that is necessary to comply with law or court order, enforce or apply any terms of use applicable to our site, or protect the rights, property, or safety of bastille, our employees, our users, or others.
protection of bastille and others: we reserve the right to preserve and disclose any information that is necessary to comply with law or court order, enforce or apply any terms of use applicable to our site, or protect the rights, property, or safety of bastille, our employees, our users, or others.
with your consent: except as set forth above, you will be notified when your personal information may be shared with third parties in personally identifiable form, and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information.
with your consent: except as set forth above, you will be notified when your personal information may be shared with third parties in personally identifiable form, and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information.
iii. questions or concerns
non-u.s. users: please be advised that your information may be processed in the country where it was collected and in other countries, including the united states, where laws regarding processing of personal data may be less stringent than the laws in your country.  if you have concerns about our processing of your personal data, please do not use the site.
california privacy rights: under california civil code sections 1798.83-1798.84, california residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal customer information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. if you are a california resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: at [bastille networks, inc., 1000 marietta street, #224, atlanta, ga 30318, attn: legal].
if you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please send us a detailed message to [email protected], and we will try to resolve your concerns.
effective date: january 1, 2016
bastille in the news:
© 2014 - 2022 bastille networks internet security. all rights reserved.
